David E. Simon: Well, look I think it's hard to predict, Craig. It's good to see the June sales for our retailers were up. We're starting to see the stronger dollar anniversary, so it'll have less impact on the metrics, but I think more importantly, we're seeing other than the anomaly I talked about in the one – with the one state, our sales were fine and the portfolio outside the tour centers, sales are fine. And we're operating pretty effectively in a very slow growth U.S. economy. So the anniversary impact is coming up in the next few months. We're starting to see it stabilize, but it's very hard to predict.
David E. Simon: No, I think they're – as you know, Vegas, there's so much tourism there, I mean 50 million visitors a year. Each has its own distinct separate marketplace. They, obviously Forum Shops is bigger. It caters to not only a high end consumer, but also a broader consumer. Crystals is more luxury oriented. So I think they both have distinct markets. We'll continue to take advantage of those great assets, and continue to drive the income up in both. So I don't think there'll be a huge change in strategy, but a continuation of improving operations in both assets.
David E. Simon: No, I look at cash flow growth, my friend, okay. So the other thing that I'd like to point out on that is that we put our entire bucket of activity in that number. I don't know what others do but – so, if we have as an example lease amendments, let's say we have a retailer that we have to restructure because we figure, well, let's keep him in, and operating while we'll ultimately release the space. That amendment goes into that spread. And, if there's anything – again, I'm pleased with the spread. I think we've so much outperformed on our spread that that number of 15% is pretty damn good, $8.88 over ending rent for new rent is pretty damn good. But put that aside, if you are looking to grasp on anything, I would say it's somewhat affected by the fact that we have amendments due to some of the retailer situations that we've been dealing with over the last 12 months. I'm very pleased with the spread. $9 is a good number in a flat economy. I also – you look at our comp NOI which is where I'm focused on cash flow growth. You look at our comp NOI, we haven't just had a couple of years of good numbers, we've had a decade of outperformance versus our peer group. And as you know, when you comp over a comp over a comp over a comp, that's pretty damn good. So we're very pleased with the number. If you want to point out something which I know is your job to do, I would say it's more the amendments which we view is something that we're doing in a very slow economic growth environment in the U.S. And we're dealing with that effectively and yet we're still producing very healthy spreads.
David E. Simon: Well, let me answer it this way. We actually had a meeting yesterday on Sawgrass Mills and Jersey Gardens is just two examples that together would be $500 million to $600 million of redevelopment. So we're very comfortable and confident, Paul, that even the retail – the retail sales have been anemic this year that when you have properties like that that can't be expanded. We have the appropriate amount of demand to make financial – make the financial consequences very positive for the company in addition to making those properties even more important. So I don't think we're backing off at all or redevelopment and expansion of portfolio. The good news is we have such a good number of high quality assets that we'll continue to find opportunities to expand them. And I like I said, I mean Jersey Gardens and Sawgrass are just two simple examples that pope to mind, but that's going to be $500 million to $600 million spread and will be hopefully delivered in 2019-ish, maybe 2020-ish. And we'll continue to enhance their marketplace position. So we haven't really changed. I think if we've changed anything is – and I mentioned, I think the last call or call before that, we put a lot in the system and that's kind of a little bit about – you saw the 20-basis point getting out. You might react to 20 basis points decrease in occupancy, I assure you I do not, okay. I assure you I do not. But let's – but we put a lot in the system over the last whatever six months, primarily in the outlet that we've decided to spread some of those new ground up developments out a little bit so that we don't stress the system. And we get the lease-up that we want in those. But our strategy really hasn't changed. And I think we've got plenty of opportunities continue to enhance our portfolio.
David E. Simon: Well. I'll let Rick do his list, and I appreciate you giving him the opportunity because he loves to read his list. I will say this though, there's so much creative stuff going on with new ideas, new concepts that as a simple example, we did a pop-up store with Woodbury Commons with Rent the Runway, where they actually sold some of their existing inventory. And it had unbelievable success. I'm not going to tell you how much they sold because I don't frankly know if I'm allowed to or whatever. But there's a lot of creativity and a lot e-tailers that want access to the physical world, and that's just a small example of a unique idea. I actually happen to meet with the CEO and said, do a pop-up store at Woodbury, okay. They did it, they had a great success. But now I'll turn it over to Rick to give you the list.
David E. Simon: Well, it's really – I mean obviously there's some high level news out there with certain retailers. And it's really more of that category than just the person here and a person there. So it's kind of what you've seen. We have less year-to-date bankruptcies than we did last year, but so some of that's just rolling through the numbers that we had to deal with last year.
David E. Simon: Well, again, our view is to get the market rent that's appropriate for that space. And retail reported and I underscore reported retail sales does not necessarily, as we've had this discussion, correlate to what the market rent for that space is. It's more of a function of location, property, location in the mall, property type, position in the marketplace and so on. So our focus is getting market rent for each and every space and doing it in a way that does not put us at risk with their sales and what we get paid for that space. And that's not changing. Now there's a lot of things going on in the lease in terms of getting credit if they – the sale – again this is only a case when you have overage rent and we're hopefully marking at the market where overage rent, they've got to really outperform to pay us overage rent. But in order to – in their reported sales number, we're negotiating including if it's something fulfilled from the POS system and so on, that it be included in their reported sales number. But again, our focus is more on what the market rent for that space is as opposed to necessarily what the tenants' sales are going to be out of that space.
David E. Simon: Well, I would say to you that the only – first of all, Clarksburg is going to – I mean Columbus, where we partnered with Tanger was 100% leased I think, maybe there's a couple of vacancies. So that was not impacted at all. We've got Clarksburg, where I think, it's going to be a great development, opens up in Q4. We've got – in that case, we are bringing in a very, what I'd call a high end mix, because we really kind of want that to be ultimately kind of the Woodbury – this is an over exaggeration, so don't hold me to it, but we wanted to kind of be the high end fashion outlet for the mid-Atlantic more or less. And so there's – those retailers sometimes getting them to commit to a new outlet is a little longer process, because in a lot of cases, they don't manufacture for it and it's a function of their full-price strategy. I won't bore you with all the ins and outs of that, but that's going to deliver – we're going to deliver a great mix, and I think the demand has been excellent and we're going to hold a couple of spaces just to fill out the kind of the unique mix there and I'd say that the – I'd say the outlet demand for new product is good. It's not – it really hasn't changed. The only thing that I would say for new projects is the luxury-oriented folks are taking a little bit of a more – a little bit of a breather – a lot of that because of what's going on with tourism. So that's a little bit what I'd call softer than it might have been a year plus ago. But not material as evidenced by the mix that we're producing at Brickell which is going to be a great project that the three partners have worked very hard to produce.
David E. Simon: Well, I would – let me give you just a big picture view. I would say, it's actually in the – when you ancillary a lot of – put kind of our SPV effort to a side, we've actually reduced it pretty significantly in our high end portfolio. So we've cleaned out what I'll call a lot of stuff. And again, we think that's the right thing to do. It's maybe, it's clearly costing us some income, but at the end of the day, we think it's the right thing to do. So, if you look at kind of our high end portfolio, we've cleaned a lot of stuff out. And we're very sensitive to creating the environment where those retailers can do the most business. So, if anything, we've suffered dilution, and you know how I love cash flow but I've got to do – I've got to balance that. So we've actually reduced that and that's hurt us over the last few quarters. In the outlet business, it's probably picked up a little bit. So there again – there is an answer for everything, but I think we've done a – we put in some, what I'd call, veteran mall people to kind of run that business over the last couple years, and they've actually done a pretty nice job, increasing those ancillary. So, up in outlet, down in the high end malls, pretty significantly, and I think the rest of it's kind of commensurate with the marketplace.
David E. Simon: It's enough for me to notice, but we put it all in our numbers and our numbers are our numbers, so I don't want to get into what amount, but it's been – it could be – let me frame it this way a little bit. It could be, at a big mall, $1 million bucks, how's that? How's that if you really want to pinpoint the – on something.
David E. Simon: Well, in our ownership interest again, we have basically two ways we operate in, in Europe. We own properties through – primarily through McArthurGlen. And then we have our ownership interest in Klépierre. Klépierre is a public company. I think they reported today. And their numbers have been pretty good, look at retail sales. The only country that I'd say which is not insignificant here that's a little bit underperforming, but still up, is in France. And I don't know that I'd necessarily equate that to the – what's happened terrorist-wise, but just France general economy is a little bit behind, say Italy, Spain and the Netherlands and Scandinavia and so on. So but that's – all that data is out there for you. I think their business is actually pretty decent and they chug along. We see no impact whatsoever in our McArthurGlen portfolio. Look, they have – their assets are in a lot of cases tourist-oriented. And so if tourism changes they'll have that you'll see that impact a little bit. But we haven't seen it so far. Their numbers have been pretty impressive year-to-date.
David E. Simon: Christy, first off, all of our recapture activity has been included in all of our development yield tables. And I think we've said that we work it out and we get comparable yield that we can get in the rest of our development projects. There's a range from the high single-digit, low double-digit. We've identified the boxes and every deal is unique as to what the costs would be for redeveloping the box. Is it a full box user, are we splitting the box? How the box is configured? But all of those yields are in and the most important thing is that we've been able to produce our results and we've had a great deal of activity in that sector as witnessed by all the anchors that we continue to add across the company.
David E. Simon: Well, we're again working with Sears on the economics and configuration of their downsizes. As soon as we have that in place, we'll be able to proceed. We have identified and have firmed up commitments for the vast majority of those boxes.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I love being in the spot that we're in. We have no plans. As you know, we said it publicly, we're out of the big deal business. I mean I reserve the right to change my mind I guess. But if you ask me today, I'm out of the big deal business. Eventually, as we all know, there's going to be cycles in our – in economic world that we live in. And Rick and I are grizzled veterans, when it comes to real estate, recessions and stuff. I mean so it's always good to be in that spot. Obviously, Andy is here. We've worked very hard to be in that spot. It allows us to grow our dividend. It allows us to put capital back into the business that feeds on itself. So I think pretty much nothing's changed, Michael, it's business as usual. We have no intention of really doing anything with that other than continuing to build that. And I don't if there'll be a cycle. I have no idea, but we are out of the big deal business and we're going to maintain that kind of liquidity and capital, primarily to – that's the balance sheet we want. We think that should be valued by the market. I'll let you decide whether it is or isn't. I don't know and it allows us to reinvest in our portfolio. I think the one thing that that we all talk about physical retail and we talk about physical real estate and I don't care of what, whether it's an office, a hotel, a mall or strip center, if you don't have a good looking product and you're not, your customer's not going to show up. And if you're – if you got an apartment building, you got an office building, you got a mall, you got a strip center, you got a physical retail store, if it doesn't look good and then it's not, doesn't have the right services, and it doesn't have the right tenant mix or clientele, you're going somewhere down the road, that's the competitive society that we live in. And I think our capital allows us to try. We don't execute this the way, I think we can continue to be better, much better in this. But our balance sheet allows us to have a really, really, really good looking physical product and we've got a lot of work to continue to make it even better, better, better. And I would encourage anybody that owns physical real estate or leases physical real estate, that's our goal, that's our job. You got to have – I mean, just like if you're Boeing, and you're manufacturing airplanes, you go to their manufacturing facility, I guarantee it's state-of-the-art beautiful, and that's what they do with their capital.
David E. Simon: Yeah. I mean, look, I think with all the activity there, I think we see that kind of continuing at the pace that it's been. I mean we've been obviously very active the last few years doing that, and lot of this good stuff is coming online. So I think, if outlet new development slows, I mean that's more capital that we can dedicate to getting the box money back. So I kind of see that as a steady state frankly. So, but I don't – we're not warehousing capital to do some big transaction. It's basically to continue to be a appropriately rated company and continuing to have the capital to invest in our products. That's the goal.
David E. Simon: Well, you may have missed this. In the outlet business, our traffic is up 2.65% year-to-date, even though spend is down in some of the tourist-oriented centers.
David E. Simon: Well, I think, listen, we're going to take responsibility as well. The retailer needs too. I think we're all in this together kind of deal. So we've got to have the right retail mix. We've also got to be able to introduce technology in the mall that gets people to visit. I think what Rick was really saying is that with all of the research that's done by consumers and when they go to the mall, they're not probably doing as much window shopping as they probably have done historically. They're more kind of on a mission to – they know they want to go to these three stores. It's our goal, and obviously the retailers' goal, but it's our goal to get them to spend more time, more time means more spend and visit more stores. We have to take some of that responsibility as well. We're certainly not shirking that. And I think that's where technology can help us do that.
David E. Simon: Well, we got – we have much too long of a conversation to do that, but there's a lot of communication that we're doing directly to the consumer that we will hope, we'll hope that it will get the consumer to stay longer as well as visit more stores. The communication helps visit more stores. Staying longer I think is on ambience, a diverse – more mix, restaurants, entertainment, et cetera, that will help in that cause.
David E. Simon: I think every – we don't have a cookie cutter commodity product. So every deal is different. In some cases, we have pricing power. And frankly, in some cases, we don't because of whatever, competitive situation, bad space, mediocre asset. In some cases, we have great space, great asset, high demand. We put it all in the blender, we produce the results that we produced. And I don't – I can't answer – I don't have a cookie cutter answer for you. I mean it is deal-by-deal. We are driven deal-by-deal, space-by-space, lease-by-lease. We've been doing it for a lot of years and that's what we continue to do. And there's just no easy answer I can give to you. Other than all of that dynamics of what I just described, funnel into our numbers, that funnel into the results, and then we declare our results.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think all of those transactions are very difficult. I mean I – here is my short answer on the UK, so I offered a company who bought an asset, diluted the company's shareholders down by 25%, I offered £4.25, they told me the company was worth £6.50, and the stock today is trading at £2.70, okay. So I'm not enthralled with – I think the UK – it's impossible to make deals happen unless somebody wants something to happen. So I'm out of the big deal business. The UK, I've no interest in the UK where – other than I have a affinity to a football club there that I really love, okay. But, beyond that, I doubt that there'll be any great opportunities in those markets...
David E. Simon: Well, we don't – we give you every year our earnings estimates, our comp NOI estimates, and that's made up of a lot of things, and including our view of what certain spaces are worth and what we think there'll be – the rents are. So I mean I don't know what else – I mean, that what else I can tell you that other than what I've already said earlier. We haven't backed off or – if anything, we've increased our guidance. We haven't backed off our comp or portfolio NOI. We've actually outperformed so far. All that kind of ultimately shows itself kind of our view. And, again, we don't have – it's not like we can – it's – we're not a hotel, so even if we – our market rent view changed up or down, I don't control the – they have a lease there. So, again, it's only going to impact, what, 8% of portfolio per year. So we always – take an example, let's say we got nervous and we cut all these bad deals, wouldn't really impact us at the end of the day because it's only 8% of the portfolio per annum. Now, if you did it several years in a row, we catch up with this. So, again, market rents, it's not – I don't mark my portfolio up or down every day like I do a hotel business. That's why we have stability of cash flow. That's why we can withstand cycles. That's why we've had this history of comp NOI increases, and I don't know what else I can do other than answer it in that fashion.
David E. Simon: No, I mean we're pretty much hedged on the margin, and so we're not going to get over allocated to euro. We're only going to finance kind of what our investment base there is and we are pretty much hedged. So, if we – even though there may be a rate differential, we'd have to swap it back to the U.S. dollars because otherwise we would be over allocated and we are, as I said, we're hedged. And that could be something we would look at. But we – to me, it's a little too cute. I'd rather finance my U.S. assets in U.S. dollars, and my European assets in European dollars, and my Japanese assets in yen, and the currency fluctuations are the currency fluctuations and we have the natural hedge with our investment base. And that's been the strategy. I don't think it'll change.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean I don't have – the answer is no, and the first one, and then Tom will get back to you on what our occupancy costs in 2007, 2008 is. I don't recall, frankly.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a lease-by-lease, store-by-store, mall-by-mall analysis. And I mean we make judgment call, that's what we do every day, judge. Do we want to re-lease it, how, what's the downtime, is – does it give us time to re-lease it, on and on and on. So it's 50 years of experience that goes into that.
David E. Simon: Yeah. It's just the nature of our business for many, many years about what the right thing to do is with that retailer in that specific space.
David E. Simon: Well, look, the simple answer is there's no cookie cutter answer, and it's all going to be – the mall business and the retail business, you can have these big overwriting things, but the reality is how it gets executed really focuses on trade area-by-trade area, layout-by-layout, physical configuration-by-physical configuration. And so therefore, there's no overall answer to that, other than simplistically, I think the mix will be more diverse. There will be more entertainment, more food services, more other services, and there'll be technology in it to enhance the shopping experiences. There'll be more services, but how that all gets computed into one particular scenario will depend differently on the North side of Indianapolis versus the South side of Indianapolis. So that's just the nature of our projects, and the good news is we've got an organization that can figure out, I hope the North side of Indianapolis versus the South side of Indianapolis and what's right for that trade area. That's simple answer.
Richard S. Sokolov: Steve, Rick Sokolov. We have continued to work with Seritage and Sears. We've got users identified for our properties in Seritage. As we mentioned last quarter, we're working with Sears just on how to downsize their stores, and that process is ongoing. I will tell you, if you look over the years, we recaptured 93 department stores and we've done a very effective job of deploying them. If you look at our anchor schedule, we have been going on right now, it's an ongoing process. We have a whole team dedicated to it. And the good news is we have substantial demand identified in each of our properties, so we know how we're going to deal with any of these stores that we do get the opportunity to recapture. David talked about La Plaza which was a Sears store. We got a Sears store back at College Mall. Now demolished and we're adding 365 Whole Foods, Ulta, small shops and restaurants. We're making money and making the properties better.
Richard S. Sokolov: The other thing I would tell you is there have been a number of them and we listed them. Obviously, you've – we talked about Fabletics, Birchbox, Yogasmoga. Everyone understands what the dynamic is going with Amazon. We just made a deal with UNTUCKit. The most important aspect of this is that all of these retailers that have Internet presence understand that a bricks-and-mortar presence in an essential part of their strategy. They get much higher conversion in their store. Their customer acquisition is frankly cheaper, and it's something that we're seeing more and more. We're working with frankly scores of them to come to our properties. It's certainly going to be a source of growth for us going forward in the out years.
Richard S. Sokolov: Hi, this is Rick. We are continuing to very much focus on the addition of restaurants and food throughout the portfolios. There is still a considerable amount of demand. Just to let you know, last five years, we've added almost 200 restaurants across our portfolio. We had 25 last year. We have another 53 scheduled to open this year and next year. And so they're also finding substantially increased productivity when they are associated with our projects as opposed to a freestanding pad and that has certainly helped that demand. In terms of the other tenants you alluded to. Certainly, the international tenants are continuing to grow. We've got and we've already talked about e-tailers, we've got brand extensions. There is still considerable demand for our space, and we're doing okay.
Richard S. Sokolov: On the malls, what we're finding is that the traffic is stable, and interestingly, I know a lot of retailers have reported decreased traffic. What we're seeing is that the consumers are still in our properties, but they are visiting less stores on each visit, and it gets back to David's point about the physical presentation. Our retailers need to have stores that present compelling reasons for these consumers to visit them as they're walking our properties. So there will be less traffic because they're stopping in less stores, but the measures that we look at, the traffic in our properties overall is stable.
Richard S. Sokolov: The primary discussion is just on the cost of implementing the agreed upon downsizes. In a couple of instances, the way that we've been able to procure users would make it more efficient for both Sears and us if there were slight reconfigurations, but that's not the issue. It's just a process of, you talk about loading docks and separating air conditioning systems and vertical escalation systems and entrances, it's just a complicated process that we're going through.
Richard S. Sokolov: We have not and we will not until we have a firm understanding of what our capital requirements are and what our returns are going to be, and we can't do that until we finalize these discussions.
