David E. Simon: Well, I think, it’s actually, we’ve been pleasantly surprised. We would like, I think, the retail community in Europe was a little bit more prepared to open. So, they’ve had a higher percentage of retailers open, Alex. And I think the biggest reason has been the rules there have been a little clearer. And they don’t have different municipalities basically directing different rules so to speak. So, they were a little bit more prepared, plus in a lot of cases their employees were not on furlough, so it was easier for them to get up, but I think our sales have been somewhat better than what we’re seeing in Europe. And in Asia, we’ve been basically open except recently Japan closed. But we were doing, believe it or not, reasonably well in Asia until kind of the last month when both Malaysia and Japan had to shut down. South Korea has been fine. So, I think as - I think the retail community didn’t anticipate we were going to open. We kept telling them we were going to open. We opened, but the consumers actually been very supportive. Obviously, they want to see more stores open as do we. But I think it’s a process and you got to get started and you go from there. So, some of the sales have been much better than what we expected and in some cases comped higher than last year. But that - I do think for the retailers that are opening, they’re gaining market share, they’re taking advantage of pent-up demand and I think others that aren’t ready are missing that opportunity. But that’s up for them. We’re not forcing the issue at all, but in terms of whether retailers open or not, but we want to help these local communities because frankly they depend on our sales tax and our real estate tax. I think the municipalities and the government ultimately are going to appreciate what we’ve done over year-after-year delivering sales and property tax payments and they don’t have that at the rate that they’re used to, and I think finally we’ll garner some respect that we deserve.
David E. Simon: I think they generally what I hear for the financially solid retailers, there’s not an issue in terms of them getting the capital. And, look, I will tell you, I mean, we’re not giving a percent of what we’ve collected. And let me just expand on it for a second if I could. First of all, we’re much better than what the prognosticators - I’ve read some things thinking, well, this is where we’re at. We’re doing better than that. But I also don’t think it’s appropriate to air our discussions in the public format. And also, you have to put in mind what percent we collect in April or May. It almost, in a sense, it’s not something overly to focus on because the reality is, we have a lease and they have to pay. So, we don’t have to give semantics. And the way I also think about it, obviously if they decide they are in bankruptcy, then that’s when they get the right to reject a lease. But here is also how I think about, and I just want you to understand this, Alex, say we got 50% and it’s a hypothetical. If I was a retailer and I paid the 50%, I’d be basically upset that there were 50% that didn’t pay on one hand. On the other hand, if I didn’t pay the 50%, I’d almost feel justified in not paying because the reality is, I’ve got another 50% of the retailers that didn’t pay. So, we know what we’re doing here. We will navigate this. It is not easy, but I just think it’s better to have our discussion directly with the retailers. And the bottom line is, we do have a contract and we do expect to get paid. And that I know somehow the market morphed into this number. But the reality is, our business is a lot more complex than some of these others. And remember, our rent roll is - a month of our rental roll is sometimes greater than these guys for the entire year. So, we’re a little more complicated, a little bigger and I think we’re navigating it appropriately. So, again, I wanted to give you context to that and I hope that was helpful.
David E. Simon: I also want to say the only reason I’m yelling is because I’m far away from the speaker in this social distancing, in our board room, for whatever reason the guy put me away from the speaker.
David E. Simon: Okay. So, I have nothing to say on the further on Taubman. We’ll let you know when we have information to provide. So, there’s not much more I can say on that front.
David E. Simon: Well, at some point, we’re going to do a bond deal because it’s natural for us to do one every year. So, we’re in a rush to do one. We’re constantly marketing or reviewing the market. We can issue paper, but we’re going to be smart about it. We’re certainly not under the gun to issue any paper. Our ratios are as strong as anybody that’s out there. And we’ll just continue to monitor it. The good news is, the market’s there. And that’s why in a company like ours to have access to both private capital unsecured public debt market, mortgage market have all of those available to us is a real advantage.
David E. Simon: Yeah. That’s essentially the new accounting rules that we enacted last year. And we don’t get into specifics about writing off straight-line rent receivables.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think our number one priority, if you saw or you listened to the early the call, I mean, our retailer investments were significantly impacted because of having to close stores. And I mean, the companies Nautica, Aéropostale and F 21 are in good shape. We have plenty of liquidity to manage the situation. But if not, I mean, our focus is to make sure that they’re doing what they need to do to position their business for profitability. They were not profitable in the first quarter. That’s why we pointed that out, last year was basically breakeven. So, we had basically a $0.06 change year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. I think our focus right now is on, Rich, is on those operations. We’re not going to rule it out. We’re only taking inbound calls. So, if people want us to think about something, we’re happy to do it. But we’re not out there running around soliciting investments. Priority is on what we got across the board, but I’m sure there will be opportunities and we’re in a position to be opportunistic if we think it helps our business.
David E. Simon: And again, in my text, I gave you an indication of what it won’t be. Okay. So I’m not really certain what it will be, but I gave you a really good hint of what it won’t be. So, I hope you understand that. It’s there for people to consume, I guess. But put yourself in our shoes. I mean, today, we still don’t have half of portfolio up and running. So, it’s a little unusual, but I think in another month or so, we’ll be able to fine tune it.
David E. Simon: Well, most of those are local and entrepreneurs. And actually, I mean that’s the great thing about America. They want to open. They want to go to work. They want to open. We’re very focused on helping them. I mean, obviously, we’ll screw somebody up somewhere just because of our - we won’t do everything perfect, but we’re going to help that group. They want to open. And I’ve been very pleased and our team has been very pleased by the amount of local and month-to-month people that want to open. So, I think that’s their livelihood, and boy, do we appreciate that. And we want them now. Again, some are waiting for PPP and so on and so forth, but pretty good interest on that front.
David E. Simon: It varies all over the place. And every week, we’ll get better. Again, it was very interesting. I don’t think the community - even though we were trying to keep them up to speed and even though some days we had to change what we thought was going to happen because it changed and there was a very chaotic up and down waiting for governors to order real actions, some doing it, some not doing it, some deferring it to municipalities, I think we managed it as well. I can’t tell you how across the board the many states that really were impressed by our COVID response efforts across the board, and I talked to many governors, many chiefs of staff, and I think it was universal and praise and frankly our team worked very hard to do that. But I think our retail community just was waiting a little bit and now it’s coming, and I’m feeling good about it. But every property is different. I don’t have a number that says, of the 77 here it is, but it’ll get better each week. And the good news is, our department stores - I will tell you, our department stores were actually [ph] Dillard’s (00:35:30) department stores was ready with us. Macy’s is there with us. Belk is opening, Nordstrom is going to be opening in the next few weeks, even Neiman Marcus is opening. So that whole group - Kohl’s, we saw really good reception, communication and wanting to get open. I think I think people want to get open. They want - look, we have a job to do and how we operate differently than what it was a year ago. We understand that, we got to monitor that. But people are ready to open and compete with the broad array of options that the consumer has. The biggest misnomer in this whole thing was that industry was shut down not really, just certain industries were shut down. And I think our folks are ready to compete and we’ll see what happens.
David E. Simon: Well, I think, we’re going to be relatively conservative just given kind of the nature of the pandemic and making sure we get the portfolio open. Look, we did buy shares back in Q1 early, so we believe in our business. We also will say that when we look at what we’re planning to earn and again this is subject to change, but what we’re looking to probably earn this year and next year obviously is subject to fine tuning. We are tremendously undervalued, but we get it right now, we’re going to be conservative and there’s just no reason why we should be trading at this multiple. But we get it and we’ll be conservative and it is what it is. That’s not our primary focus right now. Getting the portfolio open, taking care of our employees, dealing with the retailers and the communities that’s the primary focus.
David E. Simon: Well, I still feel reasonably good that our pipeline that we had was something that would be beneficial to the company and its shareholders. Obviously, we’ve got to see where we are. And we’re still early in this, even though I think we’ve turned the corner because we’re almost half open. But we still got a lot of properties to open. We do think this pandemic will affect certain properties differently. Obviously, you’ve got the Northeast where we don’t know when we’re going to open there. And some of those projects that were focused on will be - might change a property. And Oklahoma maybe office since go, a property somewhere else because of various factors we may put on hold for a while. So, it’s really going to be like it always has been, but even more today than ever. It’s going to be really focused on the nature of the particular property, where it’s located, the consumer demographics, all of this stuff is changing and we’ll just have to see it’s also going to be impacted by is it an indoor center or an outdoor center. So, all these things are at least currently with the pandemic, all basically things that we’re going to have to take into account for the future, and things are different. We recognize that.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, it’s going to be a retailer by retailer. I’m sure we’ll have some follow-up, but generally we have a prosperous portfolio for the retailer. I think the big issue is, what they estimate their sales to be this year. And obviously, the more they get comfort in that I think that the higher probability that we’ll have the success that we’ve had historically.
David E. Simon: Derek, we are not a mall company. We are predominantly a retail real estate company, but we’re not - I wouldn’t, by any stretch of the imagination, consider us a mall company. So that’s essentially how I would answer. I mean, we are focused on retail real estate, but we are not a mall company, and I think we’ve been consistent on that for years.
David E. Simon: And I think the other point on your answer is, I think it’s going to - certain properties in certain areas are going to be just fine you know, and then others might take longer to get up to speed. And indoor, outdoor centers in that are dependent on tourism could be different. I think every property - you cannot, first of all, you got to understand we’re not a mall company. And number one, we’ve never said that even for years and years and years. And number two, every property is going to be somewhat affected differently and the demographics of what happens in that local trade area, is this oil go back up to $50. Again there’s no blanket statement, everything looks really has to be looked at in kind of a regionally and so on.
David E. Simon: Well, Vince, believe it or not, I’m a grizzly veteran and I’ve seen - I am proud that we’ve always been able to flip or toggle switch on and off depending upon economic scenarios. And the reality is, we have a great type, it’ll end up being dependent upon the particular property. And we can switch it on completely, also remember that fact is construction was in a lot of places forced to shut down. And we felt it was appropriate to be conservative in the spend. And the reality is, we can turn it off, we can turn it on, we’re never going to get over our seat on that front, as I think about it, we’ll have two or three bigger decisions to make in Q3, Q4 on a couple projects, one internationally, two domestically and the rest of them will restart when we feel good about the environment.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, this, you guys are smart. I’m not sure I agree with a lot of your research, but I do appreciate you do a great job. What is variable that there will be some and it all depends on the opportunity, it all depends on property-specific information. We do think that department stores still play a meaningful role in a number of properties. They also whether through lease or not, there’s some good real-estate there. And we were, as you know, very focused on redeveloping those boxes that will continue to be a long-term focus for us without question. We have great real estate. We’re more than a mall company, and the ability to redevelop our great real estate is a hallmark of this company and something we will continue. There’s nothing wrong, we’ve taken a pause while we sort our way through a pandemic and we’ve dealt with a lot, I honestly say, I haven’t dealt with this, but we’re back up and running almost half the portfolio. We’re feeling good about what we’ve done, feel good about the balance sheet, feel good about our people and what they’re trying to accomplish. And again, I think the ability to redevelop real estate that we get back will be an important component of what we do to add value going forward. So, we’re not deterred by the current events, but we’re taking a pause as it sorts its way through.
David E. Simon: Well, I would certainly say, outdoor centers feel a little bit more comfortable. And I, obviously, would say that the states that we’re opening that it is so dependent upon the kind of the states and where things are. And generally, the suburban outside kind of the major dense areas seem to be doing better. I do think there’s pent up demand. I’d say the consumer is probably a little more moderate as opposed to high-end. Regarding our outlets, we’re seeing some really good traction with some of the higher-end brands as they sell their goods. So, I do think that maybe from a moderate customer that’s having the ability to shop there. But it’s a little early to say that some of our good bread and butter states, we feel pretty encouraged by.
David E. Simon: Well, sure. I mean, in some cases that’s all that you can do. And we’re there to help the retailer if they need our help. But in a lot of cases, they’ve already have their own protocols. So, look, I think it’s helpful and beneficial, but it’s more important ultimately for us to get our properties open fully.
David E. Simon: Yeah. Jeremy, as you know we went through guidance so we really can’t do that. But obviously when your property is not allowed to operate and open and we have the ability to reduce all sorts of costs and that’s really on one hand, on the other hand if you take and if you see in our protocols and we do open, we’re going to have an additional cost of running the centers. And it’s hard for me to give you a number because the reality is I don’t know when we’re going to be able to open the entire portfolio. But as soon as we do that we’ll try to give you the new normal. But when we are opening, we are one shift. So that does save us. I’m hopeful that at some point we will come away with that because that’s a good sign, but we’re not quite there yet. But when we do open, we have extra maintenance cleaning et cetera. So there’s so many variables right now it’s just I can’t really do it and it’s hard to do it right now without knowing when the entire system opens up and how it opens up and what our restrictions are going to be. By the way we don’t think they should be just to be go on the record, we do think we should be able to be open. We have terrific protocols. They are as good as any of our other competitors which are the online only operators and the big boxes and so on that continue to operate. We have the same distancing. We’re limiting the amount of personnel. We’re handing out mask. We’re doing everything that all of the other competitors are doing including the major online competitors. So, we do think, we should hope - I mean, I want to go on record saying that and we do think we should calibrate that obviously. We’re prepared to operate clearly within any government protocols but we do feel like we should open. And that clearly our outdoor centers should clearly open, but main event, I just can’t give you the number because I don’t really know when we’re opening. We are saving some money but as we get open a lot of that will go back into the property to maintain the protocols that we’re helping to - what we’re doing our share in those communities. I hope the communities appreciate what we’re doing. I hope they appreciate what we do not only in sales tax, but in property tax. My favorite obviously is in Long Island, where I won’t name them all but we can probably in total over $60 million in property taxes for a couple of properties. My guess is, with right protocols, we ought to get a chance to see what we can do especially as our competitors are open and selling stuff that’s clearly more than non-essential. A long-winded answer to your answer to your very straight forward question, which is I can’t really give you that, okay.
David E. Simon: Yeah. Listen, I think just the whole employee thing, even in the - when I went back to Indianapolis, was 1990. And obviously retail real estate - that was a serious recession, and we had to go through very painful downsizing. This is since that, basically 30 years ago, we’ve never really had a reduction in force even in the recession. The Great Recession in 2008-2009, we didn’t have a reduction in force. So, we went through that. I feel personally terrible for it. And then, you couple that with the furlough that we had to do. So, just a very painful scenario. And I do think, as soon as we get our system open, I’m hopeful that we’re going to call as many people back as we can from furlough, I hope they - not that they should, but I hope they at least can understand why we did what we had to do and I hope they do come back. I do think we’ve been pretty good so far on what we’ve opened. And I think as our level of activity increases, we’re going to bring as many folks back as we can. We did have a permanent reduction in force. We do not plan on bringing those folks back. And obviously that’s not something we wanted to do. I didn’t think I had to do that again. We built this company not to do that, but we felt like we had to do that. And I apologize to the folks that were impacted by it. There’s no good excuse.
David E. Simon: No. As I mentioned earlier, Jeremy, I do think the whole redevelopment of our properties will continue to be very important. I would look at what we’re doing now as a pause making sure that we have a better feel for the landscape. And the fact is, you can’t redevelop anything if you can’t open your property. Okay? So, please understand we’re still confronted with that dilemma. I think we’ve just been so innovative on how we opened the portfolio. I mean, the ability to do what we did as fast as we did as high level as we did. I don’t think anybody really could appreciate that in scale and scope. I think and what we’re trying to do with our retailers again, I’m sure there’ll be a difference of opinion on that. But what we’re trying to do in terms of listening to what their issues are, maybe not agreeing, but certainly trying to have a constructive dialogue, segmenting the retailers out in various categories, putting the right people involved. Again, we’re not going to bat 1.000, we’re going to have some conflicts because we do believe in our contracts. But we’re clearly trying to do that innovatively, we’re really focused on the local community trying to be innovative there and then just listening to consumer on what we can do and learn from there. And then I think technology will be added to our properties to enhance the consumer experience and certainly to keep them safe. So, there’s a lot more to come, but we are basically eight weeks into this, right, almost eighth week.
David E. Simon: Well, again, I think the short answer is, I think I’ve addressed a lot of this, but the short answer is, it’s very much a property by property and a retail by retail process that we go through. We use the judgment that we’ve had 60 years of experience. We will not always get it right, but we try to rely on that. We also, from the retailer, how they’re treating us. I mean, it’s a two-way street. And we try to put it in a blender and find out a solution. I’m hopeful we can do that, but there’s no guarantee that that we can. And I think the receptivity from our properties is really going to be, I mean, I do think it’s going to be a lot of it will depend on the consumer demographics and where that property is, and what the psyche of that consumer really has been affected. I can assure you at least based on what I’m seeing that in certain properties that reopen, the psyche of that consumer hasn’t really been affected. It may be affected elsewhere.
David E. Simon: Well, it’s a retailer by retailer discussion. I mean, we went out our way knowing the extraordinary changes that this pandemic has created. And given our financial wherewithal, we went out of the way to offer deferral for a lot of our retailers. And we felt that was we had the balance sheet and the cash flow and everything else to do it and we just felt it was the right thing to do. Even though there’s nothing in the contract that alleviates their contractual life to pay rent in the 95% trial of our leases. So, we just felt like we can help, simple as that.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, because the reality for opening centers now which was the first hurdle will know, every week we’re all opening more centers. We’ll make further progress on where we are with our retailers. At the amount of information that I have today versus what I had a month ago is exponentially high. I would expect the same thing to occur. And it’s the most thoughtful thing to do since it will still be declared in our second quarter is to have another month of information or thereabouts on all the factors that go into our taxable income. And again, I mean, I indicated earlier I don’t know if you listened to my opening remarks where we think it is today, but another month, five weeks from now or no more, not that complicated.
David E. Simon: Very small, the ones that we do have are not open. I think one is actually, but yeah it’s very small, very small.
David E. Simon: Well, you can’t capitalize the cost if it’s suspended. It’s not going to be a material change one way or another.
David E. Simon: Well, I think, we’ll be in a pretty good spot. I mean, we’re bucketing it now. We just want to reaffirm our buckets and get more information. I want to - you did say something about our openings unequivocally, you’re not going to increase in my opinion the potential spread of COVID. And communities may go up, but don’t blame - unless you have science, don’t blame it, don’t blame our openings on an increase and that community is COVID. I’m not sure that I would create that causation, okay.
David E. Simon: Yeah, generally. Okay, look, I think it’s possible, right. I mean, there could be markets where there is a spike and it’s reduced, but I mean, common sense would indicate we’re just going to have to figure out how to live with this threat for a while. And again, I mean, I’m not in-charge, but we’ll do what we need to do. And if there’s better technology or if there’s a better idea, our protocols and I said to state, municipalities and we study what everybody is doing but the reality is if there’s a better way to do what we’re doing, we’ll do it. That’s simple. And because it will change, I mean, there will be better protocols than what we initially set forth.
David E. Simon: But, Michael, look, I think it’s important to the best in the community to do the core - I mean, it goes back to your first part. I mean, I do think it’s good to have a quarterly cadence. We’re in a position financially to do that. And the reality is, we think it’s the right thing to do just to fine tune it, get more data over the next four to five weeks and go from there.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we said, we won’t be like probably by the time it’s June, it’ll be over 200. I said it won’t be at least 200 companies that will be less than 50% based on what we know today on our modeling. So, I will pay it in cash and we’re going to pay our taxable income and we’re not going to do that weird stuff that whatever they call it, what do they call it, I think the strangling of one tax year to the next.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think that, let’s just say this. The internet for retail whether it’s a marketplace or direct-to-consumer or any other method is a big competitor to our entire industry. It is part of our industry. And we always have to compete with it. And our greatest asset is the physical one and service, and those kind of things. And we will have to see how that evolves. I do think a number of retailers are frankly shipping right now even if we’re in a place where we’re not allowed to operate, a lot of retailers were accessing their store and shipping directly from that store. So, it’ll be interesting to see what happens with that even though we were not able to operate, they’re in their operating, I’m sure they’re social distancing and all that stuff. But there’re in their operating selling e-commerce. So, look, it is the internet certainly it would be hard to intellectually argue that it’s this scenario has increased adoption for it and though we compete, we’ll figure out how to compete. The stores are important to the retailers that have both. And I think that will remain the same. I do think perhaps there is some thinking out there that they don’t need as big a storefront or store network. I think that could backfire on them in the long run because it’s kind of out of sight, out of mind.
David E. Simon: And but we’ll see. I am sure there will be some retailers that will get the sense that the fleet, the store network is not as important as it was three months ago.
David E. Simon: I think that - we’ll see how that shakes out, and what role we can play in that. I think they might be making a wrong decision, but that’s not for me to say. That’s just my own instinct.
David E. Simon: Look, Michael, the only reason why I let you get back on the call is because you make me laugh and you’re a good guy, but the reality is I’ve already answered this question. And do you have anything else let me know.
David E. Simon: We actually capitalize it pretty reasonably well. So we’re in good shape right now and there’s no need for additional capital. So obviously it’s important for them to get the stores up and running and operating, but it’s between us and our partners of Authentic Brands group in Brookfield, we’re in pretty good shape to weather the storm.
David E. Simon: Well, look, the only - since it’s in litigation, I really can’t comment, but I encourage you to read the complaint that we and Macerich filed against the agency. And...
David E. Simon: And it’s all, I mean, it’s a lot, but it’s all spelled out and plenty of time is passed. This was - this has nothing to do with the pandemic. This was going on for several months, but I encourage you to read the complaint. It’s all spelled out black and white lots of pictures too. I think the colored actually I’m not even sure but some are colored. Okay.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean it’s a lot of it’s based on our years of experience in judgment. It’s interesting, the cap rates matter. That’s a very good question. Okay. Put that aside. We look at return on investment and obviously if it’s too low you’re not creating any value for the shareholders. So cap rates are and are not necessarily a science. We tend to look on return on equity, return on investment. But look I think right now we’re just we’re focused on finishing what’s really almost ready to complete. We have and then we’re focused obviously on getting our portfolio up and running and that those are the priorities right now.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate your allowing us to move the call. We changed it up because we have our shareholder meeting tomorrow. And that was the only way we could pull everybody together in the remote office. So thank you.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Hey, it’s Michael Bilerman with Christy. David, I think we all want to know how you do the homeschooling rather than what you’re doing on the business side.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right. And pay it in cash greater than 50% of where it was before, which was in your opening comments.
Michael Jason Bilerman: I mean, look, do you hear about people saying with office space we now have to go back to the office. There’s not going to be any stores. So, I don’t see us being in our homes 100% of the time working and shopping. I do think we live in a society that crave some of that. But there’s going to be significant change as we come through this because a lot of your tenants unfortunately don’t have the wherewithal to get through, a lot of tenants just don’t have the wherewithal whether they’re office tenants living in an apartment, I mean it’s a real recession going on. And so, it’s just getting from point A to point B.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right. No, it was just more so I didn’t want to get - I just didn’t know if there was a legal reason why, that’s the only thing I didn’t know if it was a legality thing you can speak about it, that’s why I asked in that way.
