David Simon: Well, Michael, frankly, since we were not able to engage with Macerich, even though we tried very hard to, as you know, we put what I felt was a unbelievable hell of an offer on the table and I, obviously, tried very hard to engage. We have been so busy between the Sears and the HBC, finishing Brickell, doing Clearfork, making sure our redevelopment is on time and on budget. The three new deals that we have internationally, I have really not had the luxury of figuring out what I’m going to do with that stake. So at this point, I can’t really answer your question, but at some point, I will address it in the near future. But we had just been too busy running the business, producing very good strong results, raising the dividend, doing the buyback, doing all the redevelopment, all the new ventures that I haven’t really sat down and figure out what to do next. I’m open to your ideas if you have any though.
David Simon: So that’s not too shabby of a trade if I can quote out on Sandler who is one of my heroes. I quoted him last year, not last year but in 2013 annual letter, but all you talk about is Steve Ross letter, he haven’t mentioned mine but I thought I had a pretty good line in there. I mentioned in our call I think people who site, we did helped engineer a $7.4 billion European merger. That again is not to – don’t underestimate the fact and the role that I played – we played in putting together those two companies that was a EUR7.4 billion investment. And as you know that the capital going towards Europe and the timing of that deal I think is going to be very attractive for us in the long run. So I couldn’t be more pleased with my investment, but we will just see how that evolves. There were couple other large shareholders, they certainly haven’t indicated to me anytime that they’re going to – that they’re looking to get out. I think they are very pleased with what those transpired since our involvement over the last three years.
David Simon: Well, I think the JV with Sears clearly is all about redeveloping those boxes with Sears potentially as taking some of that space and in some cases maybe not. And as also part of that deal, we bought the Plaza store which is a fantastic mall, does I don’t know 750 a day of food. It got a lot of demand. So that also gives us the ability to look at expanding that mall. So the answer, I don’t want to put a number on it Christy but I would definitely say that it’s all about retaining with Sears maybe downsizing their stores and then into Plaza certainly – there is a major expansion in the works there that we are going to move very, very fast on. And that will, the Plaza just is a general scope, will get couple of hundred million bucks at the end of the day. So all of that was part of about – all of that was done in the mind to faster redevelopment for sure.
David Simon: Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah that’s a tough one. But in any event like in Riverside, we got the Saks building back we actually just approved internally yesterday a whole redevelopment of that Box, so we were down to one box, but clearly on the specialty side we did lose a handful of retailers and I think at the end of the day there will be an opportunity from it obviously we are focused on releasing it on that space, but we are going to put in better retailers and as you know, I mean the retail business like any business in today’s environment is Darwinian and the retailers that are going away are relatively weaker ones. There is a whole host of stronger ones in the pipeline that we would expect to be able to add excitement to our properties and ultimately increase our cash flow from their participation in our building. So, that’s the nature of our business. As you know Craig, we like showing the slide about the top 10 retailers at 93, we went public till today, it is a little more going on today then maybe it was a year or two ago, but nothing that we are overly concerned about and we are poised to do the work necessary to make these properties better and obviously having a high quality portfolio like we do will make it happen.
David Simon: Well, look we have always looked. I think the Hudson Bay joint venture is going to give us another avenue of gross in that whole single credit tenant kind of business, both internationally in the U.S. you know street retail potentially out of that I don’t know, you know the values there are pretty salty when the deals that we have seen. So, you know I think Craig, we’ve always been creative in trying to find other areas, it will focus around retail real estate, but we are not concerned not at all about not being able to find avenues of growth, but clearly we still got a big pipeline of redevelopment. The outlet business, our outlet business is very strong. So, we posted great comp NOI numbers this quarter. Sales were very strong. So, we see that growth continuing and then with the redevelopment that we are doing at some of our iconic mall properties, again these aren’t pipe dreams. They are – Houston Galleria, Roosevelt Field, Stanford Galleria, Del Amo, King of Prussia I mean this stuff is, maybe we should put on our website to show you the steel, but this stuff is all happening. So, we got plenty to say grace over right now.
David Simon: Immaterial. I mean, I don’t know – I don’t want to – it basic – immaterial. We do a lot of this in-house, you are looking at them.
David Simon: Well, I would say, Jeff, we clearly – normally, we are always going to close 60 bps to 80 bps from the seasonality part of our business, right? We had more than that this time and that’s all related to, I’d say, another 50 bps or so, all related to bankruptcies.
David Simon: Yeah, look, could we be a few basis points below it? Sure. But, again, you also have to factor in we’ve got a lot of redevelopment going on. So our portfolio is in a pretty significant – undergoing a pretty significant activities going on. So it will be very close to that number.
David Simon: Look it is a process; I think by the end of this year, we will be in very good shape. But we have a lot – there is a lot to go through. So we are shooting the next six months or so are going to be very important but that’s how we are thinking about the timing.
David Simon: Well, I mean I think the REIT market I would say this obviously I am not going to tell you when or how we’re going to buy stock back, but I would say we wouldn’t have announced it once we were serious about it. We couldn’t buy any stock back because we were in our blackout period when the announcement came. And as I look at other companies and their valuation and I look at ours, and our growth prospects and our track record, I continue to think we are extremely well positioned. As I look at history year-after-year, quarter-after-quarter and all that we’ve got going on, look at our valuation compared to our peer group and I feel very comfortable that we are a very strong and good investment. Now with the added volatility in the REIT sector, we want to be able to take advantage of that volatility. So I think you will see us at the appropriate times of volatility and no statement had nothing to do with Macerich obviously had that deal gone forward maybe the capital would have been allotted differently, but I look at our growth profile, I look at the history of our results, I look at our balance sheet, I look at the peer group, I look at revaluations generally and I think I can’t pick a better investment than ours as we look forward. So we will take advantage of volatility. We’ll do this opportunistically and you will see us in the market at the appropriate times.
David Simon: Well I think it is part of SPG and first of all it hasn’t actually closed yet. We are closing when we announced that it should be closing in the next, by the end of the quarter probably, but we’ve always view that is ultimately a standalone business going forward. Now that will help grow faster, the credit, the net lease retailer, I mean we – they are great retailers. We are going to run that joint venture. They’ve got great real estate entrepreneurs. We certainly can underwrite retail credit. We have ideas on how to grow that business. So, ultimately that business could in fact end up separated from us, but we will want to add value to it through our deal making capabilities and yes it probably, if it ends up more focused on the credit, you know the credit lease business you know it’s – that probably is better separated from SPG in long run, but of that is to be determined whilst as we go forward.
David Simon: So, and again as not that this is all that interesting anymore, but part of the reason we were selling assets to GGP was in fact, you know the primary reason was in fact to make sure that our A rating would stay in place. As far as the seven, yes they should update it, it’s silly. But you know…
David Simon: But they are being conservative. It’s not market, I agree with you. I don’t know what to do about it.
David Simon: That’s not really even there is no thinking that boy it’s great to have own real estate in other peoples centers. That’s really not – this is a growth vehicle to go find other opportunities in the credit world based on retail real estate. Right now, Hudson’s Bay has all of the plans to operate those stores, so there is nothing about in that sense. Obviously if for whatever reason they decide to not to operate the store, we would have that opportunity. So that’s really not anywhere near on the agenda. We value this at a pretty attractive cap rate 6% and 8% in really good mall. So we think it’s attractive accretive transaction for us from a value point of view, and it’s really about creating the entity to go do more stuff and seeding it with these stores as opposed to we’re going to go play. We have no intention at all to go play any kind of habit or anything in other people’s mall, so that’s not even on the agenda.
David Simon: Speaking of suggestion boxes, I better not say this because I might get criticized but I remember at a golf club that was built by Pete and Dye, a Crooked Stick here in Indianapolis. And the member’s suggestion box is in the middle of the pond, okay. But I will not, that will not be duly noted and I am not saying that but duly noted. And look I think we put that together because we felt it was important if there are any confusion about stuff that was said there, we wanted to clarify that. Frankly, Alex, we look at ourselves differently than a collection of assets, but duly noted express – everybody express their views on that. To Tom, we have been I think as clear and as articulate in our financial presentations as anybody. We have never wavered from FFO as an example. We delivered via the white paper. Occasionally like with WP Spin we separate that out because it’s important to note a transaction of that nature but we give you WP first or we give you FFO first and then we show you whatever is important to change. So I feel like we necessarily are a little different in that area, but duly noted we won’t make [indiscernible] to the pond to put in your suggestion. We will take it up Tom and we’ll see about it in the future.
David Simon: We’re going to have a 25% interest in the retail and we are going to see the manager of the retail portion of the project and we are going to be leaving the leasing effort along with Swire and Whitman Property.
David Simon: Well, we have an upcoming BRA meeting which is there in the next month. We are hopeful to get approved and there will be a couple other hurdles after that, but that puts us on the path to start construction. So the next month or so we thought we were going to be able to do it. This month things got a little, couple of political things happened out of control, but we’ve been assured that we can get back on the agenda here in this upcoming month.
David Simon: Yes. I think we should, we feel comfortable by July. We will have all of the permits and all of the approvals done. You know it’s a fluid situation, but that’s correct.
David Simon: That’s not going to start for a year after that, only because you know the complexity of this build is significant. So we have to go down the turnpike support the foundation and then we got to go into Neiman Marcus store, relay that and then go up. So, there is no real need to rush that. I’d say roughly a year from now that would be the focus, a lots going on at the mall. We are going to start the renovation of the actual interior of it. We are going to do the south west portal entrance. So there is a lot – we are finishing the office reno, so it is a property that were a lot is going on, but I’d say the sales office would be probably roughly a year from now.
David Simon: Well, with the outlet business, you know we’ve got, I mentioned in my call we have three that we think we’re going to start this year. We have great outlet in Provence partnering with MGE, McArthurGlen. We’ve got a new site with fantastic developer in Mexico [indiscernible] which has built some of the best malls who is our partner in Mexico City. We expect that to start this year and then we’ve got with Genting Group, we are very close to finalizing the deal to start our second outlet in Malaysia and I mentioned to you we just finished Yeoju and Shisui expansion. So that’s a lot of activity internationally. We are also working on a couple of other opportunities in the outlet with some new joint ventures and then we have got another site, two sites in Canada. So, internationally on the development front with the outlet, premium outlet product we are busy. And then again, with Klépierre we help do this huge deal that here domestically people don’t think about, but it was a 7.4 billion euro deal. They just closed March 31. They also bought a great asset in Spain shortly thereafter, you know there is tremendous amount going on with the integration and the portfolio review of the long terms assets. There is a lot of development work going on as well within the total combined portfolio. So, that to us is kind of we view that as our full price retail entity going forward in continental Europe and I expect that company to continue to grow. So, we are active internationally. I don’t see us buying full price retail in Asia or other parts, I mean I think right now it is kind of finding new markets for our premium outlook product.
David Simon: The answer is no on the share buyback and no – we’ve factored in the currency where it is today. So we have a few cents. Last quarter, quarter one of ’14 the Euro was $1.37 average, this year it was $1.13 so that’s a pretty big gap, now it’s $1.08.
David Simon: We are pretty proud that we took a $0.03 hit in our Q1 ’15 and still beat consensus pretty good within our numbers. It’s clearly going to affect our total. We have $0.10 roughly year-over-year that was in that range. We have a little bit exposure, but drops further but nothing that we can’t deal with.
David Simon: Well, they approached us and look we have been involved in this for a while. We feel unbelievably confident we are going to deliver obviously they designed it and they’ve done the most of the work, but we feel together we’re going to deliver a great product that I think is going to the marketplace. There is no question that this is going to be a unique terrific long term mixed use retail asset. I think it will blow – I think it’s going to blow people’s minds away and the leasing. We’ve made a lot of progress on leasing and we are very, very confident about our ability to deliver a very, very compelling mix.
David Simon: We are not in Hong Kong and this is their big investment in the U.S. which certainly have a lot of respect for that organization.
David Simon: Well we always want feedback from our shareholders and we always take that into account, but hopefully they have confidence in us, but we are making right decisions that will add to the value of their investment and we are always confronted whether it is a M&A deal or new development or redevelopment to weigh short-term paying for long term gain. We thankfully, hopefully will continue, but certainly historically we’ve made pretty good decisions on that front. We’ve certainly have embedded a 1000 of where we’ve been made risky investments. We’ve done it on a low key basis and small basis compared to the enterprise and I go back to two to jump out of me, you know one was the one in China. The other was in, I call my blue period where we are doing all the technology, you know in the late, whenever I was – I try to forget about it. Late 90s early 2000, so you know I would say to with this last situation, I mean the shareholders that we spoke to at least what they told me they were supportive of what we were trying to accomplish and that’s what they told me and again, I mean we never got to the point where we were able to lay out all that we could do there, but we certainly always factor that in. We do know that sometimes doing these things is not the easy road. You know the easy road is to just do what a lot of other folks do, which is not a lot, okay. But this company is all about not doing what is easy. And then it’s easy just to you know I don’t know redevelop a thing here, build something there, but that’s not what we are about, we are about and are trying to make this company unique and when you do that you sometimes you do create short-term confusion and/or short term underperformance. We hope, all we can do we hope is that people look at the track record and look at dividend growth. I mean 15% dividend growth at a company our size …
David Simon: Well look that is a whole different subject that is probably better off, I am happy to have you with or anybody else, but it is probably better off to have that not necessarily on – in this kind of format, but we – look short term, we are all about short term gain if there is a long term play there but it’s important to have support from our shareholders. And I can say to you that they were the ones that I talk to or relatively support of what we try to accomplish, but on the other hand going through a multiyear proxy fight et cetera. If we had done that, that’s when we might have lost support. That’s a judgment call I have to make and I made the judgment call and I did. I think the support would have been there had we on the deal, rather the support would have been there on a long drawn out battle, I don’t know. But I decide to not to ask for.
David Simon: Yeah, okay. Fair enough. We are seeing a little bit – I would tell you that it’s just really volatile right now on some of those tourist markets where there is a good month, a good week, and then there is a bad month and a bad week. So it kind of balances out, but I would say it’s safe to say that the strong dollar is affecting to some extent sales in some of the really highly international assets that we have but nothing that’s going to change our financial profile or earnings or any of that. But it is a lot more volatile, you hear occasionally in South Florida a little bit, you hear – we haven’t seen anything at Woodbury but I’ve heard a lot in New York, now we have no exposure there but you hear and then when I say hear, I’m hearing from the retailers, but with something to pay attention to it.
David Simon: I’d still say generally we are still dealing with a cautious consumer, it’s safe to say and it’s volatile. So the comment I heard about the tourism also applies to just the domestic consumer as well. The patterns of the consumer are tougher to predict right now. I still think there is – confidence is getting better, but there is still a lot of debt being reduced and it’s still there is a good month, good week, and then a bad month, a bad week and the pattern is sloppy enough but it’s certainly not getting busters. And look we had 2% total sales increase from quarter-over-quarter ’14 to ’15. That’s the kind of world we are in right now. We did get unbelievably so we did not mention this, Nova [ph] mentioned in it so I probably shouldn’t mention it but we had another awful winter in northeast. For those of you in Boston only, we have a lot of exposure in northeast. Believe it or not, our snow expense was higher this year than last year across the portfolio. So we still had to deal with a little bit of the weather, but we are dealing with a cautious consumer and we are delivering – the good news is, we are delivering results in that environment. That’s all we can do.
David Simon: Well, I think that would be a real challenge of our kind of quality to produce. Right now, the way we look at it, 20 additional outlets. I still think it’s a handful. We are going through – the industry is going through a little bit of a growth spurt. But, Carol, I would say, 20 would be a stretch. I’m going to – this is so hard to give you a real number, but I would say – as we look at the stuff that we might see building, we’ve got three now that will start, maybe another two or three next year. But from our standpoint, I would see under 10 over the next three to five years, domestic starts within our portfolio.
David Simon: Yeah, in terms of the mixed use, we haven’t gotten to that point, Michael. We probably – when it gets to the office, we will probably sell the office. We might partner on the residential, but – again, there is roughly 400,000 of retail, so that we will do with our partner. The other hotel we may or may not do. So my guess is at the end of the day, we’d probably look to either sell or joint venture. We probably won’t do the office; we might sell or joint venture the other uses.
David Simon: Well, I think the retailers as they bring in the omni-channel world to their physical stores will certainly apply to the outlet world as well. And again, they are all at different degrees of that integration. But I don’t think outlets would be ignored on that front at all. So I would expect that to be part of it.
David Simon: Well, look, I’m not – put it this way, I’m not surprised by Land and Buildings’ and Orange’s – that they might pursue something like this, or others. But as you can see from their proxy materials, we are not participating or providing any financial support in their proxy. But I’m not surprised that someone like them would take up this particular issue. But, again, we are not—this is not us, this is them. And I said to you, you can see it from their preliminary proxy stuff that we’re not supporting or involved in that at all. And then, as a shareholder, we will wait and see what happens.
David Simon: Well, look, that’s up for Macerich to respond to. I mean I can only tell you what I told you earlier, which is I think we put a hell of a deal on the table and I was looking to engage with Art. I consider Art a peer. We’ve had a good relationship. People say hostile offer. I don’t – let me give you my thinking on this. Any time somebody offers a lot of money to somebody, I never consider that hostile, okay? Now, it may not be – it maybe unsolicited, but it ain’t hostile…
David Simon: Okay. It ain’t hostile. So I hope Art and the board realizes that I didn’t view it as hostile. I view it – sure, it was unsolicited, but it was a hell of an offer done in the spirit of trying to negotiate a deal at a big number and I will leave it at that. It’s yesterday’s news, but I will leave it at that. But it was not hostile. Unsolicited, absolutely. But, again, anytime I think – I’m a simpleton when it comes to this – but anytime you offer a big number to somebody, I don’t view that as hostile. I just view that as of the way of the world, I guess.
Rick Sokolov: The only thing I would say, Jeff, is we expect that occupancy to go up as we move through the year and get some of that space redeployed, which we’re in the process of doing right now.
Rick Sokolov: The one thing I would say to you Carol is when you think about growth, please don’t forget about the expansions that David mentioned earlier. They are almost the equivalent in terms of productivity of a new outlet. We are adding a lot of square footage at Chicago and at Woodbury and at San Francisco. And all of that is adding mass, and that’s absorbing demand in the most productive way that could possibly happen. And I encourage all of you to go out and see what we just opened at Desert Hills, and if you are out in Las Vegas, what we are opening in Las Vegas North the week of the ICSC convention. These things are dramatic expansions with great retailers that are highly, highly productive.
Rick Sokolov: Well, you have to relax and stretch. But I think one thing that I would like to point out to everybody is we talk about all this, the tenant that has the broadest footprint in our portfolio is L Brands, with Victoria’s Secret and they are doing great results, and they are growing and they are expanding and they are adding things to the Victoria's Secret stores. But we are doing with a lot of international retailers that people haven’t -- DAVIDsTEA has come down, we are growing UNIQLO, we are growing H&M, we are growing Sephora, and we are growing Altar’d State, which is a great retailer that has got a significant growth platform. And frankly, as David said, the ones that left are low productivity, oversized. So that gives us the opportunity to bring in higher productivity retailers that are just going to increase the market share of our properties.
