Rick Sokolov: The only thing that I would add is that the trends that David talked about are manifesting themselves in the interest that we're seeing from our retailers. There's still a steady stream of retailers that are seeking to find space in our property. And the properties continue to get better through the addition of retailers that are making a difference in our trade area presence.
Rick Sokolov: Only thing I would add is that we've been doing this for over a decade, because we have a very large relationship with Merlin through our Mills portfolio, and we've got a great set of experiences there that demonstrate the viability of our properties for these types of uses. So we're building off of strength to implement the initiatives David just talked about.
Rick Sokolov: And part of that is demonstrated by the fact that our occupancy trends have held up very nicely in spite of all that bankruptcy. And as we detailed in the past, there is still a broad array of tenants that are seeking to come to our properties, whether they're new concepts, whether they are digitally native retailers, whether they are international retailers, we still have retailers that are traditional retailers, like [indiscernible] that are still growing significantly. And we are adding a lot of food to our property. And all of that is contributing to the fact that you're seeing our sales growth, and you are seeing our NOI growth.
Rick Sokolov: And I would just confirm your observation that our tenant allowances have been very stable over the years, and there has not been a noticeable increase at all. It's business as usual at the testing.
Rick Sokolov: That's why you have a job. Okay, you'll, see when it happens, okay, but the bottom-line is that's why we have a job -- the bottom-line is, we are certainly one of the greatest opportunities we've had, as a company and I can't underestimate yet some people could look at, the demise of certain anchors as a sign of, impending doom, we look at -- we'd look at it in the complete reverse, as a significant opportunity, because we are now getting the ability to take that space, and redevelop it with a creative returns on investment and higher rents. And so, I do think that trend will continue. Whether it'll be up five bucks down, that's just -- that's a quarter-to-quarter change. But that is -- that's why we're spending -- that's why we have a $5 billion pipe. I mean, that is our business going forward. And it's important for the market to understand, I mean, that's where we see great opportunity.
Rick Sokolov: Well, it's largely comparable, other than there may be an expansion here or there. But remember, that's also been impacted by FX. So it's actually probably would be higher than that. You know, had we compared the last year? Most of that, most yes, the dollar has been obviously, significantly stronger, and we had budgeted to be not as strong, and it certainly year-over-year comparison stronger than where it was last year, because the vast majority of that is comfortable. So that guys have -- 
Rick Sokolov: The only other thing that I would add is that our portfolio creates a lot of profit for these retailers. They are not charitable institutions. I think they do hold us in high regards, witness our result. But the reason we have an ability to interact with our retailers in a productive way is because they make a lot of money in our properties. And when they think about their business it's in their best interest to do business with us. And that's a function of all the things that David's been talking about the entire call about reinvesting in the property, having a stable balance sheet, having all these inventive and innovative plans. It all comes down to having more productive properties. And that's what gives us, I think, an edge.
David Simon: Well, look, I think it's very possible we're going to be very smart about it, Jeremy. Now, it's interesting because, as you know, we authentic plans grew just to the private placement where we decided to keep our stock, but certain shareholders sold and new shareholders came in, and we decided not to keep our entire interest. So we didn't sell down because we believe in the company. But that stake, based on its current raise in terms of new shareholders coming in, is worth $153 million, and we basically put no money in it. We still have the Aero OpCo, which is -- we own 44%, and it's going to do $65 million EBITDA thereabouts. So I think we're not too bad at this investment. We're certainly as good as the private equity guys when it comes to retail investment. And so I wouldn't rule it out, but I mean we've made a ton of money in Aero, and we love being partners with authentic brands group. And we will work together on other distress situations. And let's face it, there are some out there. So -- but we will get a pie into companies that we think have brand and that have the volume that is worth going to sell. They just bought Sports Illustrated. I think they have got a great the intellectual property there. I think it's got a great future with company like ABG to focus on. We may invest Mad as an example. There could be Sports Illustrated eSports, gaming, food & beverage. And we will be at the forefront to try and to be as creative as we can. Now with our real estate that you cannot duplicate, and again, while we serve the community, we pay significant real estate taxes, significant -- our retailers and us pay significant sales tax. And we are investing in our properties to obviously for our shareholders but also for the benefit of these communities.
David Simon: But now I would say we certainly have the ability to help beyond what you might do on the leases become an investor in a distress situation. So we have the ability. I am not sure we would do it alone, but with somebody like ABG we have obviously worked well with historically General Growth and now Brookfield. So we have kind of the ability together or even individual or some combination thereof to look at becoming more than just a real estate player, but a buyer of these brands. So that's the difference -- that's the majority difference. We also have the ability to underwrite the business pay lot better than we could have. So, we are left in the dark about what the right rent should be in a workout scenario, and we have resources, I mean the folks at the Aero, OpCO -- the folks at ABG are friends with Brookfield, and our team can basically rapidly run through any kind of investment or retail scenario and find out -- get to the bottom of what the right fix is. And I would say to you we were decent at it a few years ago, but now we are pretty good at it.
David Simon: Yes. With the new capacity pronouncements, we --historically we have never straight lined our camp even though as you know a lot of our camp is not -- most of it, 95% of it is fixed with a growth in it. And I believe a lot of our peer groups historically have straight lined that. So, we have to straight line that because of the new pronouncement, and that's really the change in that. Again, our content OI Christy as, you know, takes out any straight-line impact. So it's basically cash. And but that's basically all there is to it. When you look at kind of the increase in straight line less the -- now that we can't capitalize our leasing costs, I mean, it's basically less than 1% differential, in terms of our FFO per shares, it's one way to look at it, but the reality is, if you look at the comp NOI, we strip it out in any event, but it's simply we never straight-line comp expense. And that we have.
David Simon: Well, certainly this year. Then I think you'll see it more normalized. Now, we also write-off strictly, we have to rise -- when you have a bankruptcy, we've had straight-line write-offs this year, because if you have a tenant that goes into bankruptcy, and yet you certainly any straight-line rent or straight-line candidate, you may have for that tenant. It's going to be written off. So we've had certainly some of that as well.
David Simon: Well, I still think there are a couple up there, without naming names, Steve that we're monitoring. And, we'll have to see kind of where that goes. So it's hard for me to give you an exact, response specifically to the question, other than there are still a couple out there that we're monitoring we'll see how it ultimately reside? I will tell you, not that this is of interest, but it's not a reflection of our business. Okay. And I know that's hard to say, that's hard to. I know that's a statement that many don't believe but if you look at the bankruptcies, each one of these folks, there were things and decisions that they did that led them to that point. As opposed to it, this it's our business, okay. And I won't go through names, but lack of investment, too much leverage, opening two biggest stores going international, when they should have stayed domestic, picking the wrong mark, it's not endemic of our business, and that's the important point, because the reality is, even with these bankruptcies that we've had to deal with, we are comping up, yes, it's not where I'd like to see it, but it's still comping up a couple of percent. And we would have really outperform had we not had the unanticipated bankruptcies. We are outperforming an overdraft in the mall business underperforming and the outlet business because of the tourism that I showed you. So there's pros in that in what we're seeing in sales there, the higher end continue to do well, as I mentioned to you, we have 77 properties, in total, would get you over if you just took the top seven, and we'd be over 900 bucks a square foot, so it's not endemic of our business or our industry. It's each one of these, each one of these has a story and I could spend three hours going through pros and cons as to what decisions they made that led them to that problem. And that's the most important message I can deliver to you. today. It's not quote and again, we're much more diversified than the mall business. But let's talk. It's not the mall business. It's certain folks that ran their business, not in the best way. And yes, we suffer while we re-characterize or reach lease the space to better operators. So I'll turn it over to Rick to add any implication to your question.
David Simon: Well, remember, we sold our interest internationally in HPS. That's the biggest reduction. And in addition, we've got a lot of redevelopment going on, you could see that number, we have a number of properties that are basically taking a step back, because of our redevelopment efforts. But those are the biggest ones that jumped out at me, right. So -- and Tom just mentioned to me FX as well. So when you put the -- I'd say those are the three things. So HBS has gone internationally, FX, currency, and then the redevelopment, as you can see, where we have a number of properties that are kind of going down a little bit this year as we redevelop it -- Burlington mall, Ross Park Mall, and a handful of these that we're taking a step back to take several steps forward. So that's basically the map.
David Simon: I would say they're the last few bankruptcies have also had outlet exposure. So, they are more comparable where a couple years ago it was more the mall than the outlets and now, they're similar there's not -- there's not a trend that outlets or better or worse than, than the than the malls and when it comes to store closings due to bankruptcies, I'd say they're. They're more similar in terms of that pattern. 
David Simon: Well, I never been much of a baseball player but I would say what and I would say the third -- maybe three so he and I hit the number at the same time. I'd say the third inning.
David Simon: Well, we certainly continue to straight-line our rental income, beyond comp. I don't have the breakdown for you, but it does add into that amount we continue. I mean, there's rent spreads, continue to be healthy, obviously, a lot of that will be significantly enhanced, as we're getting back, very, cheap space that we can rent it, I mean, that's going to be the future growth of the company is taking back the some of the bigger spaces and generating much greater rental income from them. And, that's why we're spending the capital. So it all kind of feeds into each other in terms of generating our cash flow future NOI growth, leasing spreads. And obviously, that'll be part of the straight-line, rent income as well.
David Simon: I would say we are higher. I mean I don't have exact number, but it's higher than what we -- certainly higher than what we budgeted because we had some anticipated bankruptcies. Unfortunately when we do our model, it's the end of last basically November -- October - November. We are now in July. And we've had a lot of stuff that we had to deal with. So, it's definitely higher than what we budgeted.
David Simon: Okay, so -- and so it will always be something nice to do, but we are always going to be somewhat constrained just because we are paying out so much capital and dividend. Now the reality is we would buy -- we didn't have to pay out on our taxable income and we would be a cash flow machine, we would buy a tremendous amount of product check. So it will always be there for us to be opportunistic but we can't overwhelm given our pay out on the dividend front.
David Simon: If you know how old I am, but cost account -- basically we only book with what cash we get. So anticipate a little bit higher distribution income from our investments and value retail. We haven't gotten -- we have the stronger dollar. Obviously we had unanticipated bankruptcies. We didn't budget SOP though we kind of knew that we might do it, we just -- it's kind of out there and we decided well, it's out there and then obviously the anticipated bankruptcies. On average rent, we are trending above in the mall business, but below in the outlet. And I have explained that basically it's not a function of the business, it's a function of tourism and a strong dollar being basically reduced in the country, and we are not the only company in America that's telling you that. You can see that and from a number of different lives.
David Simon: Okay, so having just been in a board meeting last week, I think that they are doing an excellent job. They are very well positioned. Their balance sheet which continues to be much better than their peer group, and their cash flow their like for like I can't remember exactly what the number was, but I thought it was pretty good given what's going on and continue to sell asset sure of the business. And what we have seen is a company that continues to operate better and better over the years that we have invested. I would say you -- it's unlikely we would ever -- I mean if we go over 30, I don't know if you know the rules, we have to offer the whole company. I would say it's not in our plans to ever to do that right now. But, I mean it's certainly in our option that we would have down the road, but it's not in our plans at all. So, with that said -- and then our SOP, we have -- we are still invaded. We have got 12 retailers, 3000-ish brands on online, we're going through kind of the kink, so you can have access to it. If you are one of our loyalty members, we got another 15 or so that's in the process of coming on board. And our plan is to make it public sometime in the third quarter. And I'd say to you, we've got a lot of interesting things going on with that platform. Beyond just that, but I can't really share much beyond that other than stay tuned. I do think we can have a -- I do you think we can create a real business opportunity for us in this area.
David Simon: Again, just to be clear I -- there are three major elements on that. One is the -- that's where the currency, stronger dollars hurt us. Number two is we sold an asset for when you sell an asset, you don't have the income. Okay. So, and then the third element is our redevelopment. So, the reason that the properties there are relatively flat, and normally, we would see growth there. So I just want you to put that in perspective. So with that said, I'll address your question. Look, I think you'll start to see benefits in 2020 later, but you know, it takes time, I mean, that's -- the reality from a new development point of view. You know, we don't have a lot. So a lot of the driving as a new development was through that line, we did decide to more or less buy the land and also to build also premium outlets yesterday, and the outlet there. So that's a go project. We still have some hurdles to do. But that's pretty much so. So I, and that's open in 2021. And we've got a lot of the International outlets are really open in late 20 and early 21. So it's going to take time. Now, Nick, here's the important thing. You will never hear from this company. We will have a throwaway year. Okay, so even with kind of like yes, it's not that exciting. We're not going to tell you wait for next year. Wait, we don't wait for good deal. Okay, not here. So, yes, we're, it's going to accelerate, but we're worried about '19 and '20 and '21. So we don't have throwaway years.
David Simon: Well, thank you, very great question. So I would say, the most exciting, the most difficult thing that we -- I mean, in terms of exciting but difficult in terms of work, and execution is the ability to redevelop our centers. And while we're doing with the fifths of the world, the North gates of the world, [indiscernible] down the line is to me, really, really exciting. I mean, yes, it's a lot of work. I'd rather have my feet up on the desk. But that's the most exciting. So, it's -- we have been constrained Derek on how to redevelop a lot of these centers, because we had to run through all these hoops with the department stores. Well, if we've got the space back, and we have their acreage, then we then the only thing constraining us is our imagination, and our ability to get permits, and obviously you got to be grounded by supply and demand. So that to me is the most exciting opportunity ahead of us is to really re-imagine the center now, you're right about the mall business sentiment. Now, Rick and I rolled it up. Rick is a little bit older to know that people have been trying got kill off the malls for clearly to be 60 years, right? So was -- with the current centers, it was the power centers, it was, Walmart, it was Amazon. It was this guy or that guy, look we're resilient. Rick and I are all like cockroaches. Okay, we're going to still hang around. So -- but I do think that doesn't mean that we've got a -- we can't keep re-imagine or places. And I would say that the most exciting. The other thing I would say to you, Derek, that is as exciting to us is because of our high-quality portfolio or high-quality balance sheet, the stability of our cash flow, even with all the turmoil going on in our, the retail world. You know, we have lots of opportunities beyond what we do today. And we evaluate those with keen interest.
David Simon: Well, I actually don't think, Michael, that I actually, referenced to any of our peers in this call, other than to say, we do have the -- we do have some expertise that maybe others don't, when it comes to, it comes to, looking at opportunities or restructurings of retailer. So, look, I would say to you, I don't really think I referenced the peers all that much.
David Simon: Yes, no, I got the question. And I would answer it this way, and Rick can add or embellish on, I would say simply we've always -- we've kind of always had that position frankly, because of the quality of our real estate. And the fact that the quality of our real estate, the organizational strengths, and so on. So maybe on the margin it's even more important today. But I think that the stability of the organization and the quality of the real estate and the fact that people know we're going to invest in our real estate certainly helps, and certainly shouldn't' be overlooked. And I will say anecdotally, without numbers, and whatever that's worth. I mean landlords do matter. Historically maybe in a go-go time period maybe they matter less. And I'm hopeful that as retailers look at whether it's in downsizing or restructuring or growing whatever the scenario is they do take into account who their partner is. But I think we've always been in that spot, maybe it's slightly enhanced. And I do think the landlord -- the ability to invest, I mean Rick and I run around, we talk to people, they say, "Yeah, we know you're going to take care of your properties." Maybe there's a few retailers that want to put in what I call "The clause" where that if we don't own it they can do whatever the hell they want. At least we try not to do that, but I mean we hear stuff like that. But I'd say that's kind of on the margin. Rick, please embellish.
David Simon: Well, I think you'll see more and more of it, Michael, and can't really quantify it because it is opportunistic. But look, all of this is kind of return based. I mean it's not money that we're willy-nilly just throwing there hoping it sticks, it's not spaghetti up against the wall. But I do think we're going to be as creative and as innovative as we possibly can be with the guardrails that we have historically used, which is making sure that's a good return on investment, making sure that it's synergistic to what we do, making sure that we're betting on the right people and the right product and the right vision. But you will absolutely see more from us in this area. And I'm hoping from that what -- we've been fighting the fight for years that we're more than a mall company. We've always defined ourselves as a retail real estate company from the get-go. Even when we went public we were more than a mall company. We have morphed into retail real estate, we've morphed into outlets, we've morphed into the Mills, we've morphed into international. So we are densifying our business in terms of -- so I am hopeful that with time, even though we are categorized as a mall company. Again, I'm not running from the mall business here. As someone asked earlier, what one of our most exciting things we have is redeveloping all this anchor space. But we are much different than that. And that process and evolution will continue. And we're hopeful that we will be profitable in it like we have in our other ventures out of our traditional business. Not our core business, our traditional business.
David Simon: I don't think it's on the table. If I understood the question I don't think it's on the table. I think there's a lot of opportunities ahead of us, I just wouldn't rank that as high up there.
David Simon: I'm more worried about my -- the season is about to start for my team Crystal Palace. I'm more worried about it. And I have another -- I want a solid year this year. I'm tired of watching the relegation fight. So I'm more worried about that right now.
