David E. Simon: Well, let me start and then Rick can add. First of all, I think with respect to Gap, Ross, it's very important to put in perspective. They've been shrinking their fleet for the last few years, and I think the recent announcement was nothing new to us, and in fact, as I mentioned to you, we've been seeing a reduction in their fleet with us for the last 3 or 4 years as they continue to add very anemic sales per square feet, as well as decreasing sales per square feet. Now just to put The Gap in perspective to your next question, it is kind of where do we think rents are with Gap. They were very effective in being able to negotiate a large amount of space, a great space in highly productive malls at below market rents when they were going through their growth phase. Now obviously, those days are over, and even though we're likely to lose some space in less productive malls, we will more than make it up, and I think we've already have -- I don't want to get too granular in rollovers with certain Gap stores, but we will more than make that up as we reclaim the space in the higher producing malls that we will either shrink their footprint or in fact, eliminate their brand in those centers. It's a trend that we're seeing outside of Gap and the answer to that is not really, but it's a trend that we have seen years and years of experience, where concepts tend to get bigger than what they should and it's a natural evolution in retail, but frankly, they're the only one going through this kind of downsizing in a material -- on a material basis.
David E. Simon: Well, I can only speak to our point of view. I mean, we were able to buy King of Prussia and though we don't talk about individual mall transaction, we're extremely comfortable with the going in yield and the expected yield that we will get from that asset. As you might know, we didn't really run the property. We kind of ran it through a joint venture and that was a terrific relationship over the years with our partners. The fact is we're very comfortable that there's a lot of upside to achieve from that asset, so I can only talk about what we've bought and there's absolutely no concerns on my behalf in terms of what we paid and the growth that we have from the assets that we bought. The B malls, look, I think we're still trying to figure out kind of where that market is. There's not right now natural buyers, so it is going to require a group of opportunity type funds or entrepreneurs that are going to want to gobble these up, and a lot of that is dependent upon financing. There will be strategic assets here and there that certain mall companies might buy, but I still think price discovery is going to eventually occur there, and I don't think it will be all that earth shattering in terms of cap rates. I still think kind of where the talk is. Assuming the market comes back on financing, we'll ultimately deliver the values that people are kind of circling in those -- for those assets.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think Europe is going to be in for a challenge for sure. So we still like the outlet business worldwide, and right now, that continues to be our primary focus worldwide. We had a worldwide franchise in the outlet business, so that's the primary focus to take advantage of, and that could be Europe, that could be South America and certainly Asia. We want to -- you see all the stuff that we're doing in Japan, expanding that platform. Korea, we think we have another deal on the horizon there. Malaysia, we open up in December. So I think from a international point of view, the priority will continue to be the outlet business. Look, I think -- generally, I think we've proven that we have a unique model that allows us to acquire, develop and improve real estate worldwide. We certainly want to look at everything that's out there to do it. We do believe that there is some -- if there's a company that could really turn into a global retail real estate company, it's us, and that's going to require us to look at everything there. There could be dislocation in Europe that could create buying an opportunities. On the other hand, sometimes, those things never come to fruition, but day to day, we're looking at how to grow the outlet business internationally. That's the #1 priority.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a vibrant economy. The malls there produce a significant amount of cash flow, higher cash flow per foot or per meter, however you'd like to look at it, then they do in the U.S., which to me was very interesting. They charge for parking, which is very interesting given that you've got an emerging customer there that you would think would be hard to charge for parking, but a lot of positives. I think, long term, Brazil is -- I'm sure there will be lots of ups and downs given its historical nature, but long term, I think the country, obviously, has got a tremendous amount going for it. There are some worries because the cash flow per foot or per meter is so high. It's counterintuitive versus, say, an emerging market. You would think it would be low and growing, but despite that, I think a lot of that has to do with supply and demand. It's a very intriguing market. Lots of supply coming on, so it'll be interesting to see how that all shakes out, but an impressive group of companies and malls and overall, an impressive marketplace.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think this year, to put our dividend in perspective, there's a thing called bonus depreciation that we took advantage of, and the reason we -- so our taxable income is lower probably than a normal run rate because the fact of the matter is that we took advantage of the kind of the bonus depreciation that has -- the Congress has put forward to kind of stimulate the economy. Whether that's worked or not, that's for another debate. Next year, we don't know if that's going to be there or not, and I think we told you from Day 1, we want to pay out our taxable income at a bare minimum, so our run rate now is 360. We probably will have a higher taxable income than that next year, and I kind of like having a run rate that's going to grow over time and then the ability to top it off based upon our taxable income, which includes a lot of different things, so I actually think it's the more elegant way than raising it significantly and beyond the kind of where the raise was and then in terms of a few taxable income ends up less than that you're paying out more than that, and given what's going on with taxable income for corporate America today, we thought this was the best, more prudent. It also reinforces our strategy to provide a growing dividend. Not many REITs are growing their dividends. Certainly, not many are growing on a 12.5% basis, and being able to use the extra capital that we have to fund our business and generate even more earnings, and I think it's a pretty good cycle to be on. So I read your thing. I was confused that you'd said disappointed. I don't know. I've had a lot of shareholders that we're very happy, including the Board.
David E. Simon: Well, it did increase. It went from $0.80 to $0.90, and if we had -- we have to pay out $3.50, and so if you take the logic of what you're saying is that we would have to pay out $1.10 in the quarter, and that would be $4.40 for next year, and that's not kind of the trajectory that we really want to convey. So I think it's the right thing to do. We appreciate your input on it. We're very pleased with the outcome of it.
David E. Simon: No. I think next year will be higher than that, and that allows us to be put on a trajectory higher than that.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we have a bifurcated consumer, and generally, the people that shop at our malls are -- the unemployment for the college educated is in the 4% to 5% range. Certainly, we would like all the people to be benefiting from a growing economy, but the general view of our business is that we want to attract the better consumer that does have disposable income to spend, and we've been successful in doing that. We don't always do it. We have certain properties that don't do that, but generally, I think as long as the economy continues to at least have some GDP growth, we'll be able to continue to attract the better customer that has -- that I think has disposable income to spend.
David E. Simon: Well, I think it's very positive, right? So -- look, our size is such that these numbers actually mean something, whereas others with smaller portfolios may have statistics that could indicate something other than what it is just because they're smaller. So the fact is, at the end of the day, that rollover is a great opportunity for the company and we intend to take advantage of it, and we've said consistently that our leases are under market. I think that helped us perform in the Great Recession. Recall, if I could, Paul, that we did not have negative NOI growth in our portfolio during the Great Recession, and I think that, that is a good statistic that creates the insurance policy of our ability to generate comp NOI growth. The size of that spread is dependent upon a lot of macro things, but the bottom line, it's a great spot to be in, and additionally, it lasts for a long time, so it's not a 1-year event. So let's hope we can continue on the track that we've demonstrated for the past several years.
David E. Simon: Well, the biggest surprise, a pleasant surprise, is that we've had comp NOI that's been higher than the budget. To me, that's the most important thing that we can do. Sometimes, it's out of our control because it's tied to retailer sales. Bankruptcies could impact that. We've had some -- we've had more of that this year than the last year, if you recall. So to me, that's always the #1 focus, is how do we increase the cash flow on a comp basis from the properties. So with that said -- I mean, that's the focus, what -- Prime is -- we have outperformed on our Prime portfolio in terms of our underwriting and our expectations there that helped fuel our growth. Rates were a little lower than what we projected as well, and so those were kind of the material things we had. Offsetting that was some bankruptcies, less lease settlement income, but that's kind of the ups and downs.
David E. Simon: Well, look, we're just about to start that excruciating process. Don't remind me. We actually do bottoms up property by property, so if we look a little dazed, if you see us at the end of Thanksgiving, we kind of get dazed by that time, but we actually do that work. It's a little early. I mean, I think the fact of the matter is, the biggest caveat that we have is all about the macro. Where is the economy? Where is consumer confidence? The election year throws a whole set of psychological issues at the consumer, none of which are positive, but you know what? We will figure it out, and I expect to have another good year and another year of growth, but we're right now in that process. As you know, Jeff, we do that beginning or kind of right when we do our year-end results, so -- but we'd expect to have another good year.
David E. Simon: Well, I think that is part of that, Craig, for sure, but additionally, it's just we believe that in -- putting in all of the Simon programs that we didn't put in previously because of the partnership limitations, all of that led to that cash flow, and whether they're all of our marketing programs going to fix cam [ph] as an example, we feel like the rents weren't at the level they should be given the quality of the asset, so all of that -- plus it's really interesting and it's probably somewhat premature to talk about it but I'll go ahead, is that we are looking to put Strawbridge aside because as you know, that's under construction, but our ultimate focus in this property will be to combine The Plaza with The Court, with additional retail, and we have the FAR ability to do that, and we're just discussing that concept with the Village, but we think that's a great opportunity to really integrate both of these properties and make it one unbelievable shopping destination beyond what it is today.
David E. Simon: We are about to demolish the mall in the next month or so, and we will end up creating a -- what I'll call for better or worse, a lifestyle center, an open-air center that will be anchored by Sears, Macy's. They will stay in place. It will be a road and retail kind of through the property. We'll add a health club, where we'll add a high-end food operation, restaurants and specialty retail, and all systems go there. We're just about done with all the planning, and the demolition, as I said, should occur here in the near future.
David E. Simon: There's no reason, assuming we have a stable economy, growing economy, that we're not going to work our way back to that level. Now retail, I mean, there's a lot of pressure in retail. We have the consumer under pressure. So it is going to take work. It's going to take some level of stability. It's going to require the mood to get a little bit better generally in the country, but I'm actually feeling that these things will work their way through the system in that way, and it's hard to give you a specific number, but we do think that, that presents a lot of opportunity on the rent. There's no question about it.
David E. Simon: Yes. There's no doubt you will have a step backward and then 2 steps forward because as you reclaim the space, you're going to have downtime, and in some cases, it's going to take a little bit of period of time to lease it up, but at the end of the day -- we've done all sorts of analysis on this. At the end of the day, we just think there's tremendous upside overall. It's not to say there aren't going to be some holes that will be generated as we lose some of The Gap stores, Gap brands, whether it's Old Navy, Banana or just The Gap brand, but over a -- not a long period of time, but over a 2-year period of time, as you lease up the space that we reclaim, there's going to be tremendous upside, and even in A malls, their productivity does not allow them to essentially pay market rents where others do, and the benefit that we see in A malls from them there versus others has been diminished somewhat as they shrink their portfolio appetite.
David E. Simon: And I think -- I would say one thing. Jim, our people are used to -- hopefully, the conservative nature and how we present ourselves resides throughout the building, and certainly, when we approve projects -- I mean, the level of sandbagging in our projects depends on who's doing the project but it's institutional in nature. So I would hope over time that we would produce better results in that, but Rick's right. It is in the mix, but we're being very aggressive and really focused on trying to make our properties the best as they can be, spending a lot of time. A part of the reason to do more quicker are the reason why we hired Contest [ph] to help in that area. He is very focused on and so -- but hopefully, we will outperform those numbers. Now, Jim, you did mention in one of your reports -- I tried to address it. I garbled. I'm not very good at reading those things, but you -- I do hope you realize that the 630 base rent did not include Prime. When you do, we actually do have sequential growth, so I just wanted to reinforce that with you.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think we're very focused on it. ICSC is very focused on it. I'd like to thank David Henry and ICSC for finally recognizing. I think David's been the key to this to really to get -- to create a level playing field. There's 2 or 3 or 4 different approaches on how to do it. The good news is, I think, Congress is beginning to understand the difference. The fact that the level -- the field is not level. We're still educating certain congressmen and women about the fact that this is not a new tax. That's going through its process. Everybody that we talked to understands the fairness of it, and I think even Amazon, with their different deals that they're doing state by state, recognizes that the days are over where they get the level -- where they get the unfair advantage, but it would be much better to do it at a national level. That's what's really being cried for than to do it on a state-by-state level. But as you might imagine, it's a process, but we're actually feeling -- Rick is involved, too. He can add to it -- but we're actually feeling like there is hope to get something out there that can be passed by Congress.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think they're looking to do that anyway, right? So that's going to happen. I wouldn't be surprised if people like ourselves play a role in that. Believe me, we're focused on that. So Jeff, the fact is that's what Amazon wants to go to. We've got to create the mall version of that, but we still not want to give them the benefit of exemplary sales tax. I don't think it's a Trojan horse. I don't think it's going to hugely change the fact that Internet shopping is important, but the fact of the matter is, there's a lot of people, the more research you do -- that do lot of -- it used to be they researched online and went to shop physically. Now they go shop physically. They understand the difference that they don't have to pay the sales tax and actually go to the physical environment, do all the research, and buy online. All you have to do is ask Best Buy to get their perspective on it, and I think that needs to be eliminated. There's no reason why Amazon and certain others need that benefit, so same-day delivery is a different issue, as far as I am concerned.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the outlet business has been going strong for a number of years partly because I think we had a little bit to do with it, if I could, in that we took it out of the back room, more into the front room. We personally -- Rick and I, personally talked to a number of retailers talking about how it's not brand negative but brand positive for them, and what's brand negative is when they do want to sell merchandise to sell it in their store, their full price store, it creates all sorts of promotional issues, and in a lot of cases clouds what they're trying to do at the full price level. So that change has been going on for a number of years, plus the quality of the product that we build, how we executed the tenant mix, the marketing kind of all has been upgraded it to the next level, and we're still making improvements on it to make it the best experience that we can make it. So I think that trend continues. They still want -- there still is a high amount of outlet demand. We're seeing a lot of demand in our Mills portfolio because that's representing an outlet distribution channel. So I think it's -- we're seeing that internationally. I just happened to talk to a worldwide retailer that was talking to us about -- wants to talk to us about China outlet, which I've always a little bit worried about for all sorts of reasons, but for crying out loud, we're building an outlet in Malaysia, right? It's going to open in a month. So it's there. We expect to take advantage of it in other markets as well.
David E. Simon: Well, look, it's very simple. The operating story is that if it's a B and C mall and there's a reason for it to exist, it's going to have a stable cash flow. And in fact, if that area continues to have economic growth, that cash flow will grow. And the fact of the matter is, if you have a appropriate management running it, you are able to add to the critical mass of that B&C property. The market may not be overly exciting, but the cash flow ought to maintain itself, and in fact, if you execute appropriately, you may even increase market share because there's a lot of -- where the market share got the fuse, where a lot of the strip centers that are -- then in a lot of cases are suffering from oversupply and not clear winner and loser in a lot of box movement back and forth. So from that standpoint, I think you're going -- and I think frankly, from our B Malls, they've actually performed reasonably well in a lot of cases in the Great Recession. Obviously, depending on the cap rate and depending on the financing, there is a pretty good return on equity that they're generating, and I think the ability to gain market share is all part of the story. Today, the CMBS market, 1 week it's on, 1 week it's off. We're getting bids, so I think it's back on. Last week, it wasn't. I still think that, that market still has a lot of -- it's more affected by what's going on in the risk on, risk off trade than it is what's going on in the real estate world.
David E. Simon: Well, that's not the British way, is it now? To admit that they may have made a mistake. The answer to that is no, but again, we have no interest in doing that either. We put our best foot forward. At that point, the Board, for whatever strange reason, turned down that deal, they shouldn't have in hindsight. We felt comfortable that we would have been able to execute a better gross story than they would have had by themselves. We’re still waiting. We're still shareholders. I have more faith, frankly, today than I did before because at least Mr. Whittaker is a large shareholder. I think he is a very capable gentleman to reignite that company. So we're assessing how that proceeds, but we have no interest in buying the company.
David E. Simon: Well, I think in this case, we'll look at all of our options. That market is relatively depressed just from a lot of macro issues. So we're kind of adopting a wait-and-see approach. That could change, but right now, it's wait and see. I do think Mr. Whittaker is the kind of entrepreneur that, that company needs to get it reinvigorated. So we're kind of waiting to see whether or not that can happen. And look, we're certainly an important shareholder. We're certainly there to help anything we can do to make the company perform better.
David E. Simon: I'd say all of the above. I mean, we've never been -- we've never -- we've kind of always adopted the approach not to do RFPs, whether it's from a private -- whether it's just a private company or individual that's looking to sell his land, whether it's a public entity trying to redevelop something. We just don't really like the RFP process. We won't rule it out, but the fact of that matter is I've never personally gotten excited about it, and the public-private stuff is hard to make money. I think if we felt like we didn't have a lot of opportunities with our existing fleet of assets and our ability to look at things throughout the world, maybe we would resort to that. But at this point, we just -- I just have never personally gotten excited about it.
David E. Simon: That -- again, we don't disclose individual mall transactions, and it was financed, I think we announced that, partly cash and partly in the line of credit.
David E. Simon: Yes, and I'd just add. Rich, this is David. Even with all of the ups and downs of the capital markets, both unsecured market and the CMBS market, it is more cost-effective in the unsecured market versus the CMBS market for sure, especially as you look at -- factor in fees, amortization, any...
David E. Simon: Yes. And Rich, you made a comment about our sequential average base rent, you are clear on that now, I hope.
David E. Simon: Well, I think -- Rick can elaborate, but I think right now, '12 could shape up to accelerate some of that, so it could end up in '12 that we would have committed $1 billion in our redevelopment portfolio, so it would actually -- that number could accelerate, Rich, in terms of the timing of it.
David E. Simon: Well, I think we'll make a decision here in the next couple of months. So it will either happen or won't, but it won't drag on for 2 or 3 years, so it's -- we're in the serious discussion phase and that will either come to fruition in the next couple of months or it won't.
David E. Simon: I don't think we will be other than we'll always look at what's there and if there's a strategic fit for us, we could do a few deals. That's not to say we run away from the product. It's just that we've got a lot to do within our mall portfolio as it exists, and unless there's a strategic view of that asset or something that do really -- something special with it, we probably wouldn't, and the fact of the matter is, what? We've grown in the mall business, frankly, through M&A. We'll never rule that out, and when you tend to do bigger deals, you tend to get -- despite what we all say in the mall business, we don't all have A properties. Nobody does. So you tend to -- if there was ever deals to be done or kind of on the broader, more portfolio basis, we'll tend to get some Bs in that area and that would be a natural way for us to have more exposure in that product, which is we're fine with, but to go out and look to grow that business on a one-off basis just doesn't excite us as much as taking what we have and making it better.
David E. Simon: No. It would be our people. I mean, we would likely joint venture with an existing Chinese company, whether they own the land or whether they were in the development business or retailer much like we did when we built the Wal-Mart stores, but we would not buy a company to do that now.
David E. Simon: Well, let me just clarify what I did say. I mean, they're not closing all their stores. They're closing certain stores that they want to close, and we're taking over space that we want them to close, and we're trying to find a happy middle ground on the majority of the stores so -- but -- so that's the first point that I just want to clarify, but the -- and I will tell you that I don't think their acceleration of store closures is all that different than what they've done in the last couple of years. Now it may be marginally accelerated, but it's not all that different than what they have been doing, frankly, since '09, '10 and '11 and going into '12. So that's -- the second point is at the end of the day, when we look at everything there, we've got all the real estate back for whatever reason, they want to get out, we want them out, they decided not to do any U.S. fields, whatever the reason, at the end of the day, we think the income stream that would come from those spaces would be higher than it is today that they're paying.
David E. Simon: Let me just say this. If you look at our schedule, we have 386 stores, if I'm right. Take away 138 of those because those are in the outlet business, so that gets you down to kind of the whole breadth, whole Gap fleet. So that's like 240, and then I would say roughly 50% is Gap, 25% is Old Navy, and then the balance is Banana, somewhere in that range.
David E. Simon: Well, it's a big relationship, but we're certainly focused that we're going to replace as much of the real estate where we don't think they're paying market rent.
David E. Simon: Okay. Thank you. Listen, we're very pleased with the quarter, and we're very happy to be paying our shareholders $1.10 in cash this quarter, and we'll talk to you soon. Thank you.
Stephen E. Sterrett: So you're accusing us of being conservative? If that's the case, I hope you're right. One thing that you do need to think about, Steve, is that the Prime acquisition does anniversary, and so it is in the full fourth quarter of 2010, and so that will make a difference.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, lease termination fees, generally speaking, were higher in 2010. We've had very little lease termination activity in 2011. The other thing that you do have is that in 2011, and I'd have to look at the fourth quarter specifically, Steve, but bad debt expense turned out to be a credit for most of 2011 where -- because of some of the bankruptcies that have occurred this year, we have seen -- while still a below normal level of activity, we have seen some bad debt expense.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, Ki Bin, this is Steve. The sales without Prime, I think, would have been $3 a square foot higher, and the -- excuse me, $7 a square foot higher, and the comp NOI number does not include Prime. It won't include Prime until the next quarter.
Stephen E. Sterrett: But just to be clear, Craig. This is Steve. That's not in the 30%. The 30% is just executing the redevelopment of the Strawbridge and then finalizing the property by doing some of the things that David talked about, like the conversion to fix cam [ph] and the full implementation of the marketing programs.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, this is Steve. That is a cash spread. That is ending cash rent at the time the lease expired or terminated to beginning cash rent with the new tenant or the renewal of the existing tenant. So if you convert it to GAAP, it would be higher.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Michael, I don't have the number in front of me. It's not something that we tend to look at because as David had said on many, many occasions, his laser focus tends to be cash, but let us take a look at it, and I will get you a number.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Well, as you know, Rich, the spreads in the bond market gapped out late summer and have been in kind of wide for the year over the course of the last 2 or 3 months. The good news is they have gotten better. The tender in the bond market has clearly gotten better, so it is something that we're paying attention to, and the good news, is have the flexibility to be patient, but as we think about that level of outstandings on the credit facility, if the bond market continues to improve, we'd love to term it out.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Rich, the CMBS market, as David mentioned earlier, we're getting quotes, and on many assets, we're getting very good quotes, but where we're focused there is primarily just to refinance existing mortgage debt that comes due as opposed to put mortgages on current unencumbered assets. I think...
Stephen E. Sterrett: Yes, and Rich, this is Steve. If you recall, the number that we floated out was a quarter or 2 ago and it was primarily centered about the 17 or 18, what we called transformational opportunities. I think, number one, we've added to that list as we've continued to examine the portfolio; and two, the ordinary course of business stuff, like Rick mentioned with 40 boxes and all that, is kind of on top of those transformational opportunities.
Stephen E. Sterrett: Again, we don't do individual mall deals, but we're great stewards of capital. Both of these deals will -- are very accretive and they've got good rent growth in both of them.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yes, the only thing that I would add is that we're focusing on a Gap announcement, but there is a significant number of tenants that are doing well, are looking to expand and in fact have already come to us and said, "Well, if you get that Gap room back, we want it." So I would not just view this through the prism of a Gap contraction. You have to also bear in remind all the tenants out there that are doing well, looking to expand and the fact that there's virtually no new development, so whatever demand is being created among our retailers, it's going to be satisfied out of the existing inventory in the industry.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we're in the midst of our leasing now, and demand has maintained pretty stable. There are a number of tenants I've just said, like Apple, Forever 21, Loft, Love Culture, that are expanding. You've seen a significant number of IPOs being done by retailers that are active in the mall area, and they're recapitalized and looking to grow, and we are sanguine about our prospects, but as David emphasized, we are at the mercy of the macroeconomic environment. So if things stay as they are, we should be okay.
Richard S. Sokolov: Paul, this is Rick. I think we have always seen a pretty direct relationship with the productivity of our properties and our ability to drive our rents. As we have been able to increase the productivity of our properties, we're making them more attractive to retailers and we have been able to drive occupancy and rents in those properties. We put in our press release the fact that in 2011, we're opening 39 new anchors and big boxes or almost 1.7 million square feet across the portfolio. We're renovating another 18 properties. All of this is making our properties more attractive, driving market share, driving sales and helping us lease the property. Is it always going to be a function of the market position and productivity? Sure, but we think we're creating better product for our leasing guys to sell.
Richard S. Sokolov: A couple of things. One, all 4 of our platforms are positive to both budget and to actuals last year. So they're all performing well year-to-date. In terms of the holiday, we literally have 4 tenants in here today and talking to them, they're all anticipating up probably 2% to 3%. Inventories are very tight. People are not chasing sales. They'd rather leave a few sales on the table and make sure that they drive their margins and are not over inventory. Then the only other point I would say is, there is a -- and as we think about our world, there's are pretty high correlation to the better retailers and how the S&P 500 does. So we're to a degree, I think, really focused on how that better consumer is thinking about their position, and that will be reflected to a degree by the S&P 500.
Richard S. Sokolov: It's just a matter of the mix of projects, Jim. In fact, we've had very good forecasting in the overall environment. Our construction costs have been coming in at or below what we have been using for our capital allocation approvals.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is that, you're talking about billions of dollars in lost revenue from the states and it's a tax that's already on the books. So the combination of factors are coalescing that I believe it's going to happen in this cycle after it being in the conversation for 12 years.
Richard S. Sokolov: And the only thing I would add is that our retailers that are operating the malls are also very focused on fulfillment and allowing their customers that want to have an online experience to fulfill those purchases at the property, and that just emphasizes one of the benefits we have of being able to facilitate those things in a much more efficient manner.
Richard S. Sokolov: Well, we are very focused on that, and if you look at the projects that we have opened, several of them have both office and res multifamily and hotel components, the primary one being domain, where we have a Weston [ph] plus multifamily in both phases, plus office in both phases, and obviously, we're working right now on the approval process for a very substantial residential tower over Copley in Boston, so it's very much a part of our focus and we, in fact, have a dedicated team looking to bring those incremental uses into our property.
Richard S. Sokolov: And just to emphasize David's point on not running away from it, if you look at our capital expenditures, we are actively renovating, redeveloping and adding anchors to a number of the properties that are perhaps lower productivity just because they're in smaller markets, but they're providing very stable cash flow and with renovations and anchor additions and opportunity to contribute to our comp NOI growth.
Richard S. Sokolov: Demand has been pretty stable. We are finding that happily, there are more and more national tenants that are also now looking to establish stores on a short-term basis as a way to seeing if there are customers located in that property, and so that demand is constant pretty much year-over-year, and we're very pleased with where we are today on that.
