David E. Simon: Craig, I think the answer is most likely. Obviously, we do expect to redevelop a lot of the Seritage joint venture projects over time. And there may be other department stores. But I think, we feel reasonably good about that kind of number but we're going to also – look, I think, the most important thing that we've done for ourselves and probably I could say for the industry is we've invested in our product. We are in the physical real estate business. And by having a good product, well tenanted that looks and feels good, we think drives traffic and we think helps our retailers and our consumers. So we'll continue to invest in our projects because we know it does pay dividends literally and figuratively.
David E. Simon: Well, we're being relatively conservative. I mean it's impossible to project what's going to happen with tourism and the dollar vis-à-vis the yen or the euro or the real in terms of – down in South America, so we're taking our best estimate. Obviously, we've experienced a lot of volatility in that area. These are great assets that we want to own for the long run. But we are suffering a little bit of extra volatility. I think we did see a plateau in the fourth quarter, Craig, on that as evidenced by our sales increase in each and every month. It was below the 2015 levels, primarily because of that tourism spend, but it is starting to get a little bit better. I think you've seen a number of the luxury players announcing better results, but it's just a volatile world, volatile market and we do our very best at projecting what we think it is. And that's our number and we're kind of more cautious than anything at this point.
David E. Simon: Tory Burch. We had huge rent spreads, but because it wasn't same space to same space, for whatever strange reason, it wasn't in our numbers, okay. So we said, look, one of the goals that we're going to do to run our comp NOI is try to downsize as many of the retailers to increase their productivity and to put in as many tenants as we can and in these great malls because we'll get – we'll actually get more productivity, which could lead to higher rents. But because it wasn't same space to same space, it wasn't in our numbers. So we said, well, timeout. We've got to do this on a basis that gives you a better perspective of our strategy. Again, we are not overwhelmed about lease spreads, and it's all about getting the best retailer in the best space at an appropriate rent. And we're going to be downsizing tenants where we can, upsizing them where we can. And if they're not that same space, it's not going to be in the spread. So we went back to 2015 and did it based on the new calculation. We're going to be doing – we did it for 2016 in total. And I gave you the number for what it's been under the old methodology, but we think, this is better. And it will pick up the ability for us to do what we do best, which is grow our comp NOI. As I mentioned to you, that's what I focus on, that's what we – when we sit and go through the mall, we don't talk lease spreads, we talk about how we're growing the cash flow. And we've had this discussion, we had this discussion on tenant sales one year, we had the discussion on occupancy one year, now, it's lease spreads. My friend, we focus on cash flow growth. Now that's allowed us to increase our comp NOI by $1.2 billion and increased our dividend from $3.50 to $7. I don't know, what else I can tell you.
David E. Simon: Well, let me just – without – let me tell you why we've been able to grow our comp NOI is because we believe in our product and we invest in our product. And I think what we have seen from some in the retail world is, they're not investing in their physical stores and they're investing more online and the margins online are not what they are in the physical environment. And so, if they're not keeping up with our – the bargain that we're doing, we have – we'd love to get the space back and redevelop it. And so, we're prepared for any and all scenarios. Hopefully, they will invest in their stores, but if they don't we'd rather take them back and redevelop it. But Rick – I'll let Rick add to that as well.
David E. Simon: Yeah. Sure. I think that it's – Christy, I think it's safe to say we're seeing more request for rent relief. And I wish there were like – we're certainly prepared to look at it as leases expire. However, we're not going to go into 2018s, 2019s and 2020s for retailer who wants to do that. And the fact of the matter is, our view of it is, a lot of times they ask and you certainly don't lose anything by asking. So we do – we deal with it at, at least expiration and it really is a case-by-case basis. But I'll tell you a fascinating thing that I've learned at Aéro – with the Aéro investment. So and it's just the dynamic of Wall Street, retailers, chasing Internet sales, there is a whole philosophical discussion that will take too long on this call to do. But one thing at Aéro that I learned is that that management team could produce higher level of profitability, higher gross margins if they didn't have the Wall Street constraint on worrying about comp NOI or comp sales growth i.e. they could generate more cash flow because they're not worried about posting a comp sales number that's below market expectations. Well, I'm a business guy, okay. And I kind of like cash flows. So we've got this Aéro and we're still in a turnaround and I don't really know, how it's all going to work out. But it's like the management team has been unleashed in terms of how to run their business for profitability because they have no concern about posting a comp sales number that Wall Street wants to see. I'm not damning Wall Street, but the reality is sometimes it's okay, just to think about cash flow. And obviously, there is other metrics that people are more interested in. But we sat down and we focused on return on equity, cash flow growth, I mean, I think we'd see different dynamics from the retail community than what we have. But getting back to you, so the point is, if there is a lease action, i.e. a expiration, it's a case by case or more people are asking about it than in – than they were maybe a couple of years ago, the answer is yes. We did experience less store closures last year than we did in 2015, the way we had suggested we would, that's why our occupancy went up, but I'm not going to sugarcoat it, retail environment is not – it's not robust, it's doggy dog right now.
David E. Simon: Well, I'm hoping it would stabilize. The reality, it's only because of this – the strong dollar and the tourism spend. It's – we've studied it. Look, there could have been – we have – I think the other thing to keep – I mean, we have energy oriented assets, Oklahoma, Texas, we have the peso, so I mentioned the euro, I mentioned the yen, but you throw in the peso, you throw in the Canadian dollar, I love that all, again, the energy market, that all had an impact on overage. I'm hoping the energy market is a little more stable. Obviously, the dollar, the currency is going to be a volatile year. We did our best guess by – we estimate every tenant and whatever, we have a formula that does it. But I mean, it's more of an art, not a science, we'll see but that's the sole impact, it's only because of the dollar and tourism.
David E. Simon: Five restaurants kind of front of the mall there. So I think that's going to be an absolute – continue a trend and we're seeing more and more exciting concepts like – look, Shake Shack came out of nowhere four, five years ago, great operator, great company, great people to do business with. But we're seeing more and more of that creativity coming in that whole category.
David E. Simon: Sure. I mean, we added Wegmans recently. We're under construction with 365, which is a Whole Foods product, and there is a bunch of other activities in that whole area. So we think that's a nice mix to add to.
David E. Simon: Look, I think we've always shown that we've – we'll prune. So, it is very likely that we'll sell additional assets throughout the year. But we're not – I do not believe in selling. You have to understand, I'm maybe a little bit different. But I look at the present value of the cash flow stream first when I decide whether we should sell or not. Obviously, we think the mall or the asset's going away, then that present value, you can get a – if you can get it for – you can get a little premium to the present value of that stream, it can go away. But we don't sell assets, because of my help or sales per square foot go up or down. I look at cash flow. That's worked for us, because – I mean, look at our balance sheet, look at our NOI growth, look at any metric you want to compare us against, nobody in this industry has done that. So that kind of strategy has worked, but we still have assets that probably don't fit in our long-term view point and if we can make a decent trade, we will. But we're not going to be – we're not going to give away stuff just because we think it might help our metrics.
David E. Simon: I think it takes leadership and courage. And I think they have to believe in the product that they are selling, and if you believe in the product, then you should invest in the product. And if you are a physical retailer, then your product is stores. And if you believe in the store model, you should invest in the stores. Just like we're in the mall business, we believe in the malls, we're going to invest in the malls, and it takes leadership. It's contrary to what Wall Street wants, because they want Internet sales and, I don't know, maybe Wall Street is right. But I think it is very easy to shop on the Internet. So, if you don't have a good looking physical store and good looking service, quality service, and if you don't have inventory in the store and you're promoting more online than going to the store, in my humble opinion – I don't know a lot, but in my humble opinion, it's a self-fulfilling prophecy. So I would like a little bit more conviction in what they do. Let's talk about the casino business. You could say the gaming could all go online. But if you're Steve Wynn, you build the best product, you have the best service, and lo and behold, people show up, they gain, they participate, they stay there, and he gets great returns on equity. He has got unbelievable conviction and he puts his money where his mouth is. We need that in our business. What's hurt our business in retail, frankly, is that there has been too many leverage buyouts with too much debt, and we all know no matter how good a retailer you are, you're going to run into ebbs and flows. And lo and behold, when you run into that scenario, you've got a balance sheet that can't withstand it. I can't tell you how much pressure is because of that as opposed to because of the Internet. We can go chapter and verse, and what that also does means they don't invest in the stores. So there needs to be a complete shift. I don't have any influence with how they think and how they operate, but we have conviction in our business. We're going to invest in our product and we're going to drive traffic to our malls. And that's everything that we do. So you're going to see that from our stand. We're not going to starve our malls. We're not going to starve our marketing. We're not going to starve our personnel. We're going to try to be as efficient. We're going to look for return on investment to be as high as possible. But at the end of the day, we believe in our product, we have conviction in it, and we're going to invest in. And that's not to say the internet doesn't play a very important role. And we've all talked about the omni-channel and the seamless and this, that and the other, but my friends, it's more profitable to get the consumer to shop in your store. That's what we'd like to see a little bit more of.
David E. Simon: In a sense, we're at their mercy, but we've been at their mercy before, but we'll figure a way to deal with it. I mean, that's what we do.
David E. Simon: Well, we haven't – I mean, we're very – we're probably as conservative about tenant improvement or tenant allowance, given the balance sheet and for long-term than anybody. But I don't think that's changed. I mean, we have a great credit department. They do an analysis and we listen to them. That's not to say we won't experiment here or there, throw some spaghetti against the wall. But, no, I don't think that – I don't think, Jeff, that's changed at all in terms of how we'll underwrite that.
David E. Simon: $1.4 billion – look, I think we'll continue to do that, given kind of where the world is. Obviously, until you do our earnings, we -- there are some restrictions on that, I won't bore you with that. Look, we believe in that, but on the other hand, I think you've just got to be thoughtful about how you do this. I do think – I've seen retailers run into problems, because they brought stock back, because that's what they thought Wall Street wanted. And, again they did it. They did it because – and they did it – they didn't invest in their stores, because of that in some cases. And again, I'm not trying to be overly critical. I'm just – we've got to – our industry has to invest in its product, just like Amazon. What a great company. But, are they making investments? You betcha, in more ways than I can even keep track of. If we don't have that same conviction, or any industry, -- look at the drug companies. They invest in R&D for this drug. It's not that complicated. We don't invest in the physical product. We got no shot, and so you got to be careful. You can't buy so much stock back, and we've seen a little bit on the retail side that at the end of the day take the capital away from investing in your product. And so, we'll do it kind of like – I think we -- what did I say, we had $1.4 billion left. So we'll continue to take advantage of market imperfections.
David E. Simon: 5%, see, I'm always more conservative. 6% – 5%, so we're projecting a higher rate environment, we've got translation, strong dollar, we've got the impact on tourism, and a squishy retail world and that's our number. I mean, we've always beaten in the last – I don't even remember the last time we missed our numbers. I mean, does anybody here in this room know? It's a long time, it was – Rick was -
David E. Simon: Okay. All right. So it's been a long time. I mean, over 10 or 11 years, that's a pretty damn good streak. I think Rick was 35 back then. The number is the number.
David E. Simon: Well, we want to take advantage of any market volatility and we're going to be conservative on it as well, and I explained to you, I think the most important thing for us to do is invest in our product. But the simple way to look at is we were planning this big Copley investment. It doesn't look like it's going to be, so I'm kind of thinking like, okay, let's reallocate that within reason towards share repurchase, because now we are not going to need the capital to build this tower, but at the same time, I've been more philosophical than I normally want to be on these. We're going to invest in our product. So it – we expect to do it over a period of time. It's hard to pinpoint exactly the number, so we think it's better just to tell you what the reality of our guidance is at this particular moment.
David E. Simon: Well, certainly, I agree with that statement. But we've been a retail real estate company since we went public, as we've had a very diverse retail portfolio. We started with malls and community centers. We ended up participating in The Mills product. We ended up, obviously, participating in the outlet product. We spun-off the strip center business, the small mall business. So we think we have very deep relationships with all the retailers and we always have thought of our company as a retail real estate company, if you go back, from the get go. But I agree 100% with Sandeep's comments that – and that's why I do think the product, whether it's an outlet or a mall or a big power center, retailers are going to gravitate towards the best location with the most critical mass. And we do think that that – if, in fact, we do get some of these department stores back, we're probably going to have the ability, we're probably going to have some supply that will allow us to bring – create more critical mass with more diverse uses, and I think that will very much compete effectively with other products around the mall environment. We all know how retail has evolved. I mean, the mall location has always more or less been the central hub of retail in that community. So the fact that we're going to get potentially some of these department stores back, I do think that – and the critical mass is already a real advantage to the mall, that should bode well to increase the uses.
David E. Simon: We did an analysis, I won't name a name, but a well-known retailer, big retailer. I think we have 30 leases with them, and given where their rents are, we felt like we would only have to lease four boxes, four out of the thirty, to replicate the income stream. And I don't want to sit and name retailers and who knows whether we'll get those back. But, I mean, that's the opportunity. So you've got 30 leases, but they were done a gazillion years ago, and the quick and dirty analysis that we had is we had to lease four boxes to replicate that income stream. So the rest of the 26 or thereabouts, don't hold me exactly to these numbers, but it gives you the order of magnitude, that's exactly kind of the potential upside that we have, and now if in fact we get those leases back, we're going to have more product available, but we're also going to have, I think, great opportunities to increase our income stream.
David E. Simon: Well, I mean, they're doing all of that. I'd just say the simple thing is they're focused on – it's a different mindset. It's a more efficient company. It's a smaller company. It's more focused on gross margin, and it's got better relationships with its suppliers and they don't have to chase, unless you guys make us report what their comp sales are. But since it's a completely immaterial investment from us, don't expect me to provide it to you. We're focused on cash flow, which is liberating to that team, and frankly, liberating to us and the partners and I mean, it's great. It's interesting. We're learning a lot. We've still got ways to go. It's never easy to take a company out of bankruptcy, but we've got a shot at doing it.
David E. Simon: $4.2 billion. Within that $4.2 billion of earnings, there is always going to be $100 million, thereabouts. I mean, we are a big company. I mean, I could give it to you, I have it here, but it would bore you. You don't need it.
David E. Simon: Well, given how the market reacted to the Aéro deal, it's probably not high on the list. But I don't know, look, I think we've got to prove to ourselves that what we're doing there we're going to be able to accomplish. So, I would never rule anything in or out. It's not high on the list, so.
David E. Simon: Yes, there was. Our General Counsel retired, as you're aware, and so basically the pop is also associated with that retirement.
David E. Simon: Well, we have traffic counters in a handful of malls that supports that statement. We also have parking counters in all of our outlet business, which I think was up 1.5%. Right, guys? So it's a combination of what we have invested in the mall – in the mall thing with basically our camera technology and then the traffic parking counters in our outlet business.
David E. Simon: No. It comes in the year that is after a year, so it comes in that quarter after a year, so it's not a change at all.
David E. Simon: Generally, the business on both fronts is decent. Klépierre reports next week, so I can't add much more than that, and McArthurGlen has been a terrific investment for us. We open a big mall in Provence in April. And it's actually gone better than we anticipated and a great partnership.
David E. Simon: You want a number? It would be just a guess. I mean, my guess, it will be – if I have to guess, I don't know, maybe – it really depends on the one big guy out there, so I can't – I don't want to guess. It will be less than that, but I don't want to put a number on it.
David E. Simon: I mean, it's always the possibility. I don't think it's been a huge focus at this point. The investment's going according to what we thought it would be. We're looking to grow that partnership with some redevelopment of that portfolio and potentially some other transactions. But at this point pretty stable.
David E. Simon: Well, look, I think the investments that we make at this point are extremely accretive, because the redevelopment, new development I think on average is 8-plus percent. So, that's had a multiple that is lower than buying our stock back. And, obviously, as you know, we've always – the most important thing we can do besides that is have a balance sheet that can withstand whatever craziness that maybe out there. So – and those are the two priorities. And then as well – and then frankly, we'll dabble in the other one when the markets – when we're out of favor and the market, for whatever reason, doesn't believe in our product, we'll try to add to that. But we still have a number of accretive investments. We're at 8% plus and we want – we, obviously, want a balance sheet that continues to – I would not look – I would not overlook the fact that our coverage is 5.0. I mean, I know people rather talk about leasing spreads, but that's something to mention.
David E. Simon: I don't think, Simon. I think we've been pretty active. We still have – we're about to start on a major redo of Boca Town Center, this – once we get all the permits. We've done a lot of work. I mean, the good thing about what we've done is, once we kind of felt like the world – we had a big pike, we had 2008-2009 hit. We chased a couple of deals. We got a couple, but we didn't get everything, and in 2009, at the end in 2010, we've been very active on redevelopment. In fact, we've done a lot of good stuff. So we still have a lot to do, but we've done a vast majority. So I don't think there's going to be this significant change. But we have got to invest in the product. We will continue to do so. Certainly we still have a reasonably stable economy. And let's also put in perspective about everything, and the economy grew, the GDP was 1.6%. So if you take out 1% of inflation or thereabouts, I mean, that's pretty pathetic. So we're holding our own in a very, very non-real growth environment.
David E. Simon: Well, listen, on Marketplace Fairness Act, I don't think it's an administration issue. It's really a Congress issue. The Senate's ready to go. What I gather, the administrations understand it. It's really being held up by the Chairman of the Judiciary Committee. He's actually had – his district has actually come under – had some tough retail news that's come out of his district. Frankly, I don't understand it. I don't get why there has been no progress there, but I don't believe it to be an administration issue. It's really just one committee in Congress that's sitting on it, and it's a travesty. And we've all lobbied, but – I mean, it needs to change. It's just not fair. And if anything, the government should be about fairness and not picking winners and losers. At the end of the day if the consumer wants to shop online as opposed to bricks and mortar, that's life in the fast line, but they shouldn't choose that because they can save sales and use tax that they already own. And I mean it's a sad state of affairs that hasn't been done.
David E. Simon: Well, yeah and not only that, but what the courts – there is a number of states that are going to basically overturn the Supreme Court decision anyway, in our opinion. So it's just – they are taking it out of Congress' hands and it's just going to end up in litigation in every state, and it's silliness. It ought to be done, but – I mean, I don't know what else to tell you.
David E. Simon: We actually can't keep track of it. But I think in – we think, just anecdotally, that there is a good percentage of that, very high percentage.
David E. Simon: I mean, look, we've invested in Deliv, which basically is – the mall group is basically invested in that. There is couple of other concepts out there that we're looking at clearly. We do think shipping from store, picking – delivery or pickup at the stores is all very important and the mall, we think, will play a big role in that. But, again, we think lot of the online activity, on the research that we've done, one of the highest things is price and saving the sales tax. And that equalizes and we do think a lot of retailers are promoting a lot more to get online business than they are in the physical world. I mean, all that can balance out pretty quickly. We'll have to see.
David E. Simon: Honestly, I don't understand it. It's the most frustrated thing we've had to deal with. You've got jobs at risk. You've got – it's not fair. You're going to have Congressmen in certain districts where retail facilities close, because of it potentially. You're going to have less sales revenue in those states, in those jurisdictions. It is one of the most confounding things I have ever seen. The courts are going to take it out of Congress' hand, and it makes no sense to me and I'm hopeful the administration knows that. But I don't think their – I don't think this is their issue. I mean, I think it's stuck in one particular area of Congress and it makes no sense to me.
David E. Simon: I can't comment on that other than, obviously, I'm encouraged by the focus generally on business being part of the equation to get this economy growing. That to me has been very encouraging to see. What can we all do to make this economy grow better and faster. And I – that to me has been encouraging.
David E. Simon: All right. Thank you. Sorry to have kept everyone so late. But as you know, we want to answer any and all questions that you may have. We appreciate your support, your interest, your questions, and I'm sure we'll talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Richard S. Sokolov: One of the things that we are doing, have been doing and will continue to do is we have a constantly updated grid on all the boxes that are interested in each of our properties and we know exactly where we can accommodate them based on the opportunities that present themselves. David mentioned in his comments, we've replaced over 80 of them in the last five years. We're ready, we've done it on a disciplined basis. All you have to do is look in our 8-K in every quarter, you're going to see all that activity, it's continuing and we are ready to do it. And in virtually every instance, where we have replaced an anchor, we've increased our sales, increased the number of reasons that people come to shop our properties and we've made good returns on our capital.
Richard S. Sokolov: Alex, this is Rick. First, let me underline one point, which is we've analyzed all of our department stores. We know their sales, we know their occupancy cost, we know their market position. And these stores have – witness the fact that of all the closures that have taken place, virtually none have been in our portfolio and that's because the productivity of these stores in our portfolio and the profitability of these stores is in the higher quartiles of all of these operating fleets. That said, we are ready to take them back should the opportunity present itself, where we can make money and do it on a cost effective basis. We know what we will do with these stores if we get the opportunity. We are, in fact, marketing them now and going ahead with redevelopment plan. So we know we've got tenants lined up and what we would to do stores if they become available.
Richard S. Sokolov: And, Jeremy, let me just say, it's not only just adding restaurants, but I encourage you to go out and visit the Westchester and Roosevelt Field and King of Prussia, and look how we are transforming the environment in which these food operators are conducting business in our properties; greatly enhanced seating areas, entertainment areas, play areas, you name it. So with a much more sophisticated environment, which we know will extend the stay of our shopper and attract a more affluent shopper, because they are more inclined to spend time in the environments we're creating.
Richard S. Sokolov: And I will tell you that we have already been in conversation with a number of retailers, whose predominant footprint is in power centers, and they are very anxious to come into our properties. The only constraint, as David has said, is being in a position to afford them enough square footage that meets their requirements with parking and visibility from the street, well, that's what all these department store boxes provide. And frankly, I alluded earlier to all of our conversations about redeploying these boxes. A lot of those conversations are being had with retailers that are now predominately in community and power centers.
Richard S. Sokolov: Yeah. Obviously, that has been on the horizon for a while. We have been actively leasing their spaces there across our platforms and we've already got a significant number of those spaces, where we are processing leases and our proposals out to a lot of tenants. And we will deal with it just like we've dealt with all the others that have come down the pike and the ones that will come down the pike tomorrow. The best defense to all of these things is having great properties. And as David's been articulating, we're spending the money to have great properties. And when you have great properties, you have demand, and the downside is just the downtime while we replace them.
Richard S. Sokolov: The TA has been very constant year-over-year and it's right in line. It's right around $40 a foot, and that's what it's been for the new leases.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Well, I guess if we have a new President that's focused on jobs and if online is stealing sales away from bricks and mortar, that's affecting profitability of some of them, one would imagine that's a job issue.
Michael Jason Bilerman: And then just lastly, we've seen a number of retail locations bring in the Amazon Lockers. And I'm curious more so on the logistics companies and I don't know if you listened to UPS' call this morning, but the fourth quarter they saw 10.5% increase in deliveries to residential homes, which was the largest increase that they've seen in 10 years, and that they are wrestling with how to deal with that volume of packages that are needed to go. I'm just curious if you've had conversations with the FedExs and the UPSs of the world to leverage the significant amount of parking field (1:26:55) that you have for that last mile delivery, if perhaps retailers are shipping from store, doing other things, where you create a little bit more of a vertical perspective.
Michael Jason Bilerman: Right. But one would hope the administration potentially can use blunt force and some other things (1:29:26).
