David Simon: I would say it's more of that. It's a 12-month period of time, so it's representative of what's going on. But look, demand is better, we're able to generate better rents. It's still a very difficult process in doing that, but we've got a good group of people and a very good portfolio. And when you put the 2 together, we're able to drive rents.
David Simon: Well, given -- we did it initially with both in mind, but the odds are, based upon what's happening in the capital markets, that we'll probably just get paid in par.
David Simon: I don't see it. In my -- I think it was in '07, maybe it was early '08, I had said a decade away back then. So I may have been a little over dramatic. But we -- Rick, you can comment on this. We just don't see new full-price retail being built any time in the near future.
David Simon: I will tell you, Jim, that it's standard operating procedure here to reclaim the boxes, that anchors that some of our tenants might have owned that closed. So the strategy is not all that different. We like to have tenants kind of secured. We like to drive a tough bargain on it. So it's not -- we don't call it kind of newsworthy events, it's just kind of standard operating procedure that if we have the ability to buy and retenant it, we will, if it makes economic sense. Rick, you can add to that, but we've done a lot of it over the years.
David Simon: And some of the -- Jim, just to -- and you can see this in our 8-Ks over the period of time, but we're doing 32 box deals in '11. Some of those were purchased boxes, some were lease expirations, some were lease buyouts. So that's just standard operating procedure here.
David Simon: Well, all the time. I mean, let's just talk an example. I mean, if we have a -- take a, in theory, a mall that you could sell at an 8 cap rate and we redevelop the box at a 6, we've lost value. If we redevelop that box at a 10, and we think it's an 8-cap asset, then we've created value. So we always take a difficult economic review of the redevelopment opportunity. So the answer -- simple answer is absolutely. And sometimes, you want the ability to redevelop the box to sell the assets. So again, that just factors in to what we're trying to do.
David Simon: Well, look, I think their attitude right now is they believe they can pass that on. And I think this year we'll get a good sense of whether they're capable of doing that. And if that's the case, then I think it's business as usual. If they're unable to pass that on, they're going to naturally look at other areas that -- to reduce their operating expenses, and it may come after -- they may come after the landlord community. But up to this point, we have not seen it. And our defense to that is that we have great assets and good people, and we can hold our own in that kind of discussion. But at this point, they seem to think -- not universal, but they seem to think that they can pass it on and the consumer is willing to pay for the good as long as the consumer sees value in that good.
David Simon: Well, look, I don't like to talk about our negotiations with our clients in the public domain. We're trying to create a fair deal for us and for them. And as I said earlier, it is still a challenge. The retailers are very focused. The impact of the great recession is not that far from their mind. And so we've got a -- that we've got a -- we've got to deal with that fact. And you got to try and create a win-win. So the good news is the environment's better, we're able to increase our rents, and we're trying to find that right deal. And the good news is our occupancy cost for the outlets and malls together is at 12.2% for the first quarter, and that's pretty good. So we're in good shape. In a lot of cases we're under rented. And in those cases, we think we can still be able to increase rents and create profitability for the tenants.
David Simon: Well, look, I think we have so much to do that we wanted another aggressive, thoughtful, energetic real estate guy on the team to do what we want to do. So we look at it as another experienced set of hands to get the job done. And beyond that, no, he'll be a great fit. He'll work a lot with Rick. Between the way those 2 talk, hopefully I'll be able to get a word in edgewise. That's why I'm leaving the first couple of days next week. So -- but no, he'll be great. And other than that, I just think we got a lot to do. The other thing for David, he's had a good experience internationally. So that's like a gift with purchase in terms of him coming on board. Wouldn't surprise me if he or we find an opportunity internationally because of his involvement. And he just loves this business. And you want to have guys that love this business on the team.
David Simon: Well, right now, M&A, is always something that we look at. But, Jay, at this point, we don't see much out there in terms of big M&A. But we're active and we continue to look at a lot of different things.
David Simon: So some are looking at international. It's interesting, when we first invested internationally, we did it in '98. And the theory was our U.S. retailers would go abroad. We didn't realize it would take them 12 years to do it. But thankfully, even though it took them 12 years to get there, we made a lot of money in our pursuit of international expansion. So they're finding avenues to grow. I still don't think, though -- Christy, I still don't think the demand is so great that it will foster new, full-price, ground-up redevelopment. When I say it won't, I mean, there's always going to be maybe a deal here or there that get done. But in order to get that done, you're going to have to have economics -- from our standpoint, those economics probably to motivate the retailers to take a risk would be something for us that would be very hard for us to underwrite, vis-à-vis the other areas that we can invest our capital. But that could change. And I expect it to change, but I don't think it'll change in the next year or 2.
David Simon: Well, look, we have not announced the construction of any new outlet. I know it's mostly public knowledge. We are looking and working in Galveston, Texas, and we think, ultimately, there'll probably be -- the market there can only really support one outlet, and you've got that in process. We'll see what happens there. But we're working on other sites, but we really don't have anything at this point. And when I say other markets, but we really don't have anything at this point to announce. But we're confident that we'll be able to find some other avenues to build ground-up. And I think in that market, in that sector, there is more demand to build some. But it's not -- there's not going to be a lot of these built because even with outlets in mind, the retailers are very disciplined in where they want to go and on what basis they want to go. And you've got competent developers like us and Tanger and others that understand that dynamic.
David Simon: Well, I would tell you that I think The Mills -- there are 17 Mills. We only show 16 because one doesn't -- is under construction, that being Opry. And it's exactly -- the underwriting is exactly what we thought it would be. There's a couple that we knew going into that deal that were very difficult. But the way, as you remember, Cedrik, Mills didn't have much equity, if at all, in those, a couple that were tough. And we're making progress on those couple that are tough. But the fact is they contribute very little cash flow to us, and they're on our books for essentially nothing. The others have gone very well, and we've done a great job of improving them, and we feel very good about the concept. We've added full price. We've added outlets. We've added boxes. We're close to announcing a full-line department store in 1 or 2 or 3 of them. Sawgrass Mills, we've done a great job of executing the outdoor, high-end outlets there. We've also -- you'll notice a decrease in the occupancy. That's really associated with getting back the one anchor there, the Wannado in Sawgrass, which we've got great development plans that will increase the cash flow, we think, at that center by $4 million to $5 million just on redeveloping that box. So aside from the 2 that we always felt were tough, that were not great, great locations, we've actually been pleased with it. Fairlon's [ph] been a very good partner with it, and it's gone according -- essentially according to plan. The good news on the mall side is that we have -- I guess I can -- we have a big redevelopment that's going to be announced next week, so we can't announce it this week, on one of the malls, and we've also started major work in Southdale. So we are making really good progress on the malls. And we've been pleased with it, and it's gone according to what we thought with the major markets Potomac, Gurnee, all of those kind of going somewhat better than initially expected. And frankly, surviving relatively unscathed a great real estate recession.
David Simon: Yes, we think we're adding more outlets there. They're -- usually, they're in such great, dominant, super regional mall locations that we're going to do both full price and outlets in some of them. And others we think we can move even more with outlet concept.
David Simon: Look, I think you see that in where the average base rent is going to, right? So that gives you -- that's why that number is still out there because we want people to see what's happening with our average base rent. That takes everything into account: renewals, extensions, new deals, et al. And that's why that number's still out there to be shown.
David Simon: We'll, all fair questions, all good questions, but very difficult for me to answer, obviously, because of the confidential nature of our partnership. But I will say this. They've been a very good partner. They've been very supportive. They've been very excited about what we've done with the portfolio. They've been more than willing to reinvest in the assets. So the partnership couldn't be better. Are they a natural, long-term owner like we are? No, clearly. Will that resolve itself in a win-win at the right time? Very, very highly likely, but beyond that, Michael, is very, very tough for me to venture further.
David Simon: Well, look, I don't have a bunny reference today, but I will say this. There's a lot that can be spilt between the cup and the lip, right? So my view of it is this. Until somebody starts construction on whatever project that is full price redevelopment outlet, all we are is yammering. So we try to keep our yammering. We're not perfect. We yammer with the best of them. We try to have the lower yammering quotient. We try to be leaders in yammering. But in the meantime, until it starts construction, to me it's just a lot of talk.
David Simon: Well, look. I mean, the interesting thing is you've got a couple -- it's twofold. One is very tough to complicate or consider a major outside of the U.S. investment right now if you have to use your currency to buy something, right? So on the other hand, you could argue, "Well, if we're in a further decline, are we not better off having some of our assets outside the U.S.?" Now we have about 5% of our assets outside the U.S., so naturally, we get some marginal benefit on it. But for us to do a major thing outside of the U.S., unless there was the ability to use currency-dominated financing, and in some markets you're able to, in some you're not, it's a tall order right now given how weak the dollar is. So naturally, I think at the end of the day, when you factor it all in, it probably curtails our investment. I mean, our greatest advantage right now should be our cost of capital, but if we can't use that -- I mean, besides all the ability to make assets better and all that stuff. That's true. But if we can't export our cost of capital because the dollar is so weak, it's a challenge to do further major international expansions. Yes, we can build. We're building in Korea. We're building in Malaysia. We're looking at other Asian markets and actually building stuff, and making things happen there. But to do a major deal, we don't -- and if we can't finance it where we don't get the benefit of our cost of capital here and have to convert dollar investment into that currency, I mean -- and so you could make a real estate deal, but if the dollar does strengthen down the road, you could get whacked and lose your value. So it's a natural constraint that we've got to deal with.
David Simon: Well, look. I definitely think there is a -- I wouldn't call them weaker assets, but there's clearly the trend from a number of the international institutional investors who have a tendency to gravitate toward the highest quality and the major metropolitan markets is clearly moving away from that, looking to want to be in the U.S. for all sorts of reasons, yield, one, maybe their view of the dollar ultimately, all sorts, safety, whatever it is that they factor in. And they are going down the quality spectrum to find investment opportunities. So I do think that seems to be a trend that will continue at this point.
David Simon: Well, I think it's too early to tell on what's going to happen out there that will trade and at what pricing. But I think, actually, you're going to see probably an entrepreneur with equity, either from opportunity funds or from other kind of institutional investors that are going to see the yield opportunity, one, maybe the ability to make the property better, two. And when they put it all together, compared to kind of where they are on buying A plus, they see that risk adjusted return worthy of taking that investment. I would say to you, though, if the market's better, the financing market's better -- the fact that we're selling 4 malls is not a big deal. I mean, we have sold 100 assets as we've been public. So this is kind of a normal strategy, Alex. We clearly stopped that effort in '08 and '09, and '10, certainly for a period of time, even though we did sell something in '10 at a huge gain for us in Europe. So we're always looking to recycle capital. It's not a transformational deal for like some of the others that might be out there. But long story short is we'll have to wait and see. It's going to be a combination of operators, maybe even others, some other real estate, major real estate companies. We're just going to have to wait and see how it shakes out.
David Simon: Well, I think the market's better, and I think trades will happen. I'm just not going to quote what I think cap rates are going to be because I honestly don't know yet. But I do think there's going to be more velocity in, you use the term, the B assets. I do think there'll be more velocity. I think it's too early to speculate from our standpoint where cap rates will be.
David Simon: And look, I would just say that -- just to add what Steve said, I mean, one of the bigger decisions we'll have to make this year is whether we want to warehouse capital, given that capital -- we don't need it necessarily, but it is relatively cheap. And we do think -- I mean, I think -- I may be completely wrong, but I do think rates are going to up at some point. And so one of the bigger decisions we'll have to make at some point this year is whether we go ahead and warehouse capital, not equity capital, but whether we warehouse other forms of capital on the theory that rates are going to go up at some point here. And that's a decision that we think about all the time. But it's tough because we haven't seen it, but usually you don't want to be in the case where we react. Real estate guys tend to react while rates are going up as opposed to when rates are low, and we'd like to be a little -- at least -- we don't have to be perfectly smart, but we'd like to be less stupid .
David Simon: We don't separate that out. But it wouldn't -- it's not all that different than what you'd see from the outlet sector.
David Simon: Well, we didn't do it this year. We didn't give a NOI -- comp NOI in our original guidance, but right now, we expect to beat our own internal budget. It didn't answer your question.
David Simon: But we -- the fact is, we didn't give specific guidance there. We have our own internal budget, and we hope to beat our own internal budget.
David Simon: Well, look, our know-how, if you look at what we built, I mean, the outlets that we build in Asia are essentially our outlets here in the U.S., and they didn't exist prior to that. I think if you saw the product that we built in Poland and the product that we built in France, were actually highly U.S. influenced. So we certainly -- we learn every day here, abroad and everything else. But I think that the fact of the matter is we've had a profound and positive impact on what we've done, and that's really what my comment was meant to be. If you look at Gotemba in Japan, it's really modeled after what we did in Woodberry. If you look at what we did in Yeoju in South Korea, it's very similar to what we did in other parts of the U.S. So I think we've -- in fact, if you go to Dubai and you look at what they built, I mean, they've taken the best of foreign shops and other malls in the U.S., and replicated that. So again, that's not to denigrate the international marketplace. And we've certainly seen a lot of wow stuff over there, but we certainly contributed to all of the activities we've done overseas.
David Simon: And you know, the thing that we understand about the Asians is that they love to come to the U.S. and shop. And so one of the great things that we provide them in their travels is the fact that we have great places to shop, so marketing to them is really, really important.
David Simon: We have always -- we're actually expanding Ami right now, which is right now somewhat affected by what's going on in the -- with the nuclear facilities. But we have not looked at the full price market there. We've had great success in the outlet market. Cracking the code on full price in Asia has been a struggle for us. Values, the cost to develop full price there, the size of the deals, the ability to get the land in the right location. So that's been the tougher one -- that's been the tougher code for us to crack. We do think, though, our Outlet business in Asia can grow, and we're excited about that. Ultimately, can we crack the full price thing in Asia? I don't know yet, David. It's tough because first of all, it's not devoid of a lot of full price to begin with. And second, where you want the locations, the land cost, the infrastructure cost, and the competition are all challenges that we have to deal with.
David Simon: Well, look, I think our -- I think it's conceivable that -- how am I -- look, anything that we can refinance today, we're refinancing. We have certain mortgages that are obviously locked out to prepayment penalties, so we don't think it's cost -- you're trading dollars essentially, and it's not cost-effective to do that. But the big issue for us, if we do think rates are going to go up is whether or not we would do some kind of bond deal and warehouse the capital, because right now, we don't have -- if you remember what we did in '09 and '10 -- or in '10, I'm sorry, '10 essentially, is we bought -- we refinanced bonds and we bought them back and it ended up being, at least in today's world, an okay trade. So the question is whether we want to do something like that. Or we just hold on to the capital and wait for maturing debt to come do.
David Simon: And I think -- look, I mean, I think the fact of the matter is that's been the reality. So our view is recovery, you're seeing a recovery, we've been at it for a few quarters now. Clearly interest-rate market's been very stable. At some point, that might change. I'm not so much worried about the recovery as opposed to the interest rate environment.
David Simon: Yes, and I'd just say it's -- really, the biggest focus is the market value of that space, right? You could have a retailer in that space that's not performing, and I wouldn't want to tie the rent to that sales performance when in fact, the market value is higher or would indicate a higher rent. That -- leasing is an art like -- and certainly we try to make it as scientific as we can. We're leaders in data generation here in terms of all of the tools available to us to assess that. We assign market value for each space. We use it sometimes. We ignore it others. At the of the day, we have relationships to factor into it. So at the end of the day, we kind of all put it together, and the best thing going for us is our judgment. It's an art. It's not a science. It's not order taking. It's what does it do for the center, merchandise mix, where we want to take the center and all those factor in, certainly having positive sales history which is positive traffic all go into the blender and all make the job somewhat easier than it was a year or 2 ago. But it's all those things that factor into what's the right -- what we're trying to accomplish and what the right rent is.
David Simon: Not necessarily. David, the research we've done, the biggest constraint that I see in Brazil is that -- the currency issue as opposed to the real estate issue and the cost of the financing there. So you don't get -- we wouldn't get any much if any advantage on our lower cost of capital here to put money to work. But I think that story on the real estate front doesn't seem to have changed at all. The problem is you really do have a dollar currency issue that makes it a little more challenging to conceptualize a transaction there.
David Simon: And I'd say this, Jeff. The biggest focus that we'll have is on some of our major redevelopments. So included in that are like Nanuet Mall is a -- we are finally at the point now where we're going to start demolishing that center. We have Quaker Bridge, Del Amo, Dadeland, La Plaza, Plaza Carolina, Southdale, Southridge, Copley, what we're doing on the island, Laguna Hills, Stamford, we hope to push along a potential expansion of that center. So -- and then we've got some things in the outlet side as well, potential new projects that we could start talking about there. So that would be -- of the -- and Rick's right. I mean, '11 is essentially done, '12 lease renewals. But I'd say the focus really for us is going to be on the major redos that we've got, we're on the cusp of doing.
David Simon: Well, we are looking into Canada, Ben. I can't say other -- I can't really put any more meat on the bones there. We do think it's a pretty good market for a handful of centers, but I can't really say anything more than that. But we are looking into that marketplace.
David Simon: Well, if we did a venture in the -- I mean, this goes for any outlet venture, whether it's U.S., Canada, Mexico, Malaysia, Japan, Singapore, China, we would definitely add operational expertise. We would not just -- it just wouldn't be our capital. So that's kind of a -- that's it. That clearly would be the case.
David Simon: Not really. You know what, we're a little cautious on Japan. We have a very robust international Outlet business. Some people forget about it, but it's not inconsequential. It's a great business. So we're being somewhat conservative on what the outcome of that is. It's sales dependent. And we just don't have enough history yet on what's happening there. The south is actually pretty good at Japan. Sales have bounced back pretty reasonably. But we just don't know, and we like to be generally conservative in setting expectations. So you put that together, we still have to execute our game plan. We're good, but we're not infallible. So you put it all together, and it's where guidance came out.
David Simon: Okay, thanks, everybody, for your time and your interest, and we look forward to talking to you in the near future.
Richard Sokolov: And I think that one of the other companion trends to that is that the retailers, as their demand for space picks up, are being accommodated by redevelopments and expansions of the existing square footage and properties. So the existing properties are getting a lot stronger and that, in turn, is going to make it even more problematic to institute new development going forward.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, just to that point, the -- if you think about our portfolio in the industry, over the years, we've had the May, Macy merger, we had Lord & Taylor abandoning substantial stores, we have Montgomery Mall abandoning many stores, Parisian. Over the years, we've redone about 75 department stores, and you can go back in all of our 8-Ks, and all that activity is tracked. And in virtually every instance, we have ended up with a replacement that is stronger. But David's point, we'd like to know what we're going to do with the box before we acquire the box, and we want to make sure that we're getting an appropriate return on that capital investment.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, I would just say on the specialty store side, there's no consistent pattern for every one tenant that says, "Well, I was 8,000, I think I want to be 6,500 in my new prototype." We have others that are saying, "We were at 6,000, we need to be 10,000." It's really a function of the momentum in that particular business, the number of lines that they're introducing, that they want to incorporate into their stores and the way they want to configure their stores. So I don't think that it is a broad-based trend across the retail space.
Richard Sokolov: And I would just add that historically, the tenants will bring forth any fact that they can put on the table to try and argue for lower rent, and we will -- as David said, we'll do what we can to argue for what we think is fair rent, and this is nothing new. Today, it could be raw materials. Three years ago, it could have been healthcare, could have been gas prices. Whatever the external circumstances that can broaden the discussion, they will do. And I think our results show, as David has said, we can hold our own in those conversations.
Richard Sokolov: And just in response to that question in terms of how they grow, and David alluded to this, most of our retailers are now very engaged in brand extensions. So Gymboree is growing with Crazy 8. J.Crew is growing with Madewell and Crewcuts. We've got American Eagle that is working with us on 77kids. And those are just a couple of examples. And when they are rolling out brand extensions, they are using the metric of their existing stores performance. So they are going to want to open their new brands where their existing brands are already successful, and that is obviously playing right into our strength.
Richard Sokolov: Well, what we have in our -- the leases that were signed in the first quarter, we had -- the 2 years or less was 19%, which is the same percentage that we've been reporting historically. We are doing it, so it hasn't really changed. What we are doing is when we determine our term in our negotiations with our tenants, we're looking at whether we think it's the right use, the right rent, the right tenant in that space. Do we have space sitting next to it that's maturing in the next year or so? There are a lot of factors that go into that term discussion, and it's something that we're very focused on. But there has not been a material increase in our short-term leasing in the last several years, and so we're pretty much normalized going into this part of the cycle.
Richard Sokolov: Yes, Michael, if we had included a, cut at, 10,000 feet or 15,000 feet, the smaller space as you -- I thought it was the...
Richard Sokolov: The only thing I would say to you, Nate, is that what we've been able to do is as the new tenants enter the outlet sphere, we now have an additional portfolio of properties that they can immediately open stores in, and we're getting the benefit of that. And we see it with tenants that we've had relationships with, or like Coach is opening Coach Men. Bare Essentials, Vera Bradley. I mean, we're just taking these tenants now across a broader portfolio of properties, and that's really providing incremental momentum, both in rents, but also in sales. Because we're bringing in higher productivity tenants into the portfolio.
Richard Sokolov: I think touching on the other side of your point, in terms of the international tenants coming in to our domestic portfolios, we've done a very good job of implementing them into our portfolio. We just opened the flagship H&M store forum shop. We're doing a lot of business with them and have a very close relationship with them. But it's not just them, it's Pampolina from Spain, Inglot from Poland, Diva from Australia, Aurecia [ph] from Canada. I mean, there is a lot of international tenants that we're doing business with across all 3 of our platforms. The Mills, the outlet centers and the malls.
Richard Sokolov: What we're anticipating is the UNIQLO is going to be a major player here, and they're building their flagship right on Fifth Avenue, and then we expect that we're going to have a similar type of expansion that we've seen with H&M. They started in the major cities and now they're throughout the country and growing very rapidly and doing very well in their stores.
Richard Sokolov: When we're negotiating with the tenants, it is a very individualized negotiation. We're looking at their growth in the last 6 months, but we're looking at the use, the space, the size of the space, the quality of the mall, the space in the mall. There's a lot of factors that go into how we price our rent and certainly sales growth is one of them, but it is not the only one.
Richard Sokolov: Well, '11 leasing is, for all intents and purposes, on our renewal is done. We're well into 2012. For us, frankly, ICSC is much less important. In fact, the month of April and the month of May prior to ICSC are our peak periods of tenants coming to Indianapolis to meet with us because the volume of activity we have, they'll come for 2 days in order to go over all the opportunities in the portfolio, whereas at ICSC, you're really limited to half an hour or hour sound bites. So we're doing a lot of leasing. We're focusing on our '12 renewals and leasing up the vacant space. And so far, we're seeing good momentum.
Richard Sokolov: Thank you for asking. We are. And what's interesting is that they're coming from all different places. For example, we're doing deals with Fiat dealers because they're not opening their new dealerships. They're reintroducing the concept to the United States, and they want to be where the people are. We're signing leases with Tesla Motors, the new electric car maker, because they want to have their demonstrations where the people are. We're doing deals with Microsoft, the biggest Internet-based company. They need to open stores where the people are, and that's our malls. I could go on, but David will give me the hook. I'll stop when David gives me the hook. Well, Love Culture is growing very substantially. Francesca's has filed for a public offering, relatively new concept. Charming Charlie's, Pandora just went public. There is just a lot of activity going on in our portfolio, and happily, throughout the portfolio. These are not just concepts that want to be in the top hundred malls. These are concepts that have broader price points and want to have 400 to 800 stores in their ultimate build-out. So it's very exciting.
Kevin Beeston: The piles are growing, Alex. The convert pile -- obviously, the capital markets are very robust right now. So unsecured debt markets are very attractive. And one of the things that we need to take into consideration is one of the things David said in his opening comment, we're sitting here with $4 billion of liquidity right now. So we certainly don't have the need to go to the capital markets. But having said that, given the attractiveness of the all in rate now, certainly on the bond side, it is something that we monitor and we will continue to monitor. Right now, I would tell you we are not as enthralled with the convert market, and I think it's not something that we would look at to put in the capitals back right now.
Kevin Beeston: And I -- just to reinforce what Rick said. I mean, the greatest opportunity there is to increase the mix, which drive sales. And obviously, that's the focus.
Kevin Beeston: Jeff, this Steve. Just to kind of amplify on David's comments. If you look at, as a gamble, where the benchmark 10-year treasury is today and you track it back over any length of time, whether it's 10 years, 20 years, 30 years, it's clearly at historically low levels and at levels where over a long period of time they have not been for a very large percentage of that measurement period. So I think any time you're in an environment where rates are at historically low levels, it does give you pause to reflect about do you want to go get more capital because history would tell you that the probability is those rates aren't going to be at that level forever. And I think David framed it pretty well. We've got a lot of liquidity. We don't have an immediate use for the capital. But if your view is that it may be more expensive down the road, it may make sense to go after that capital now.
