David Simon: Sure. So, I think we’re very optimistic, Steve, about ‘22 leasing. A lot of new business with a lot of new tenants is the goal. We expect to increase occupancy compared to year-end ‘21. And obviously, the last couple of years with COVID, we’ve been -- obviously been working with our retailers. So, we haven’t quite had the level of pricing power that we’d like to see. We’re starting to see that strengthen from our standpoint and we’re still looking for win-wins between us and our clients. But we feel better that we’ll continue to drive rental growth over time. And as you know, we took a bet that the world in bricks and mortar was not going to end. So, we -- when we did deal with a lot of renegotiations that came about because of COVID, we got -- we try to make it back on sales because we believed in our business. And that’s why you’ve got to look at that what we’re achieving on either percentage or overage rent, which historically we haven’t taken into account in our spreads, and one of the reasons why we have done away with the spreads and the fact that there’s no industry uniformity. And more importantly, there’s very few retail real estate companies that are doing it. But, we bet on our company. We made the right bet. It produced the results that we wanted to see in ‘21, frankly above our expectations. And the strength of our portfolio and the demand is there. So, now, we just got to execute it. I do think there’s so much going on that I’d be remiss not to say it still takes a while to get stores open. And with all the activity, we’ll see some of that in ‘22, but we’re going to see a tremendous amount of great new stores in the ‘23 time period.
David Simon: Yes. I mean, the drag is all about future investments. So, we outlined a little bit on the call, but we’re in a growth mode with Rue La La Gilt and shoppremiumoutlets.com. So, we’re acquiring customers. We’re marketing more, and we’re building the technology out to serve those three platforms with great sales growth and marketplace growth, but that takes investment. So, that’s one element of it. The second element of it is, as you know, JCPenney is building out its beauty business as well as its digital business. So again, it’s the belief in the brand that’s going to -- that is going to create these unique opportunities, and we’re going to invest in doing that. And then, finally, the bigger -- the Reebok integration will reduce the operating earnings from SPARC just temporarily in ‘02 as it deals with consolidating its operation. We now have an office, deal hasn’t closed yet. It’s going to close at the end of the month. We have excess real estate. So, we have to work through all of that. But the return for ‘23 on that will be much more than whatever the investment is. So, all of these have -- the payback on RGG stuff is 16 months. They track it -- they track it by the nickel, penny the same. I mean, very similar to previous businesses. But you got to invest for future growth. That’s what we’re seeing. In terms of operational outside of that, Caitlin, we’re basically more or less budgeting the same EBITDA, NOI levels for our investments, our other platform investments other than these investments that I just mentioned.
David Simon: Yes. I mean, again, it would be my expectation over time that we’ll reach those levels. I think it’s just an abundance of caution. But if you look at Q-over-Q, it’s a 27% increase. So I know sequentially, it’s not. But that’s what we tend to do historically is we tend to be flat in the Q1 area. We measure our taxable income. And as earnings percolate, we tend to raise with our taxable income. So, I think we’re really adopting what we’ve done historically. But our payout ratio is low. Our liquidity is strong. And I would expect hopefully that our dividend, we’ll continue to see the increases. Now, there was a dramatic increase from ‘20 to ‘21. So, I’m hoping we’ll continue a very positive trend.
David Simon: Well, the years never bake, right? So look, I think the big variable that is always there is basically sales because we still have because we still have some COVID oriented leases that have not rolled over that we still are a little more dependent on sales than we would have said 3, 4 years ago. So that is why we’re a little more cautious because we don’t -- I’d like to say we’re as good as we are. We’re not -- we can’t predict with certainty sales. But -- so I think -- I’m hopeful that the -- when we talk to retailers, they still feel very good about the economy and what’s going on. Obviously, there’s a lot of volatility in the world today. And we’re not immune to that. So, we just have to wait and see. But we are building off a terrific, terrific ‘21. So, we’ll see -- I am hopeful that we’ll continue to produce growth assuming the -- everything holds together externally with our economy and so on. So, there’s no certainty, but I feel pretty good about where we stand.
David Simon: You might be able to sound a little clearer, okay? So, I don’t know, maybe you can -- I’m happy if you text this or read it out loud, and we cannot hear you.
David Simon: Well, again, the tax effect of that, let’s -- there’s no surprise. Our math is very simple. I’m sorry, we’ve made money in all these investments. Now you have to pay attention to it. Unlike other people that make investments and lose money. We actually make investments that make money. These are the NOI. They’re not -- the tax line is below this. This is just kind of -- this is like an EBITDA number that we try to show the market. That’s all that this is, and it’s there for your information. And again, the NOI from other platforms, I described, the NOI from investments is Klépierre and HBS and we footnote corporate and other NOI sources. So I don’t know what else -- the guys are happy to take the question offline.
David Simon: Yes. That includes everything lumped together and then take the tax impact. And again, it’s NOI, so it’s pre-interest, then obviously, FFO is not. But we’re happy to walk you through.
David Simon: It’s EBIT. So remember, retailers have depreciation that we don’t add back and so on and so forth. But the guys will be happy to walk you through it.
David Simon: Well, I mean, given our level of cash investment, if you were to look at it on a private equity basis, right, we’ve made 20x on our investments. And they’re continuing to grow. And SPARC, I think, is a good example on RGG, have great platforms that can continue to be a leader in their business. And ultimately, the market we’ll see if we need to at some point in time, monetize these or highlight the value, but it’s embedded here at multiples that the market is ascribing to us, but frankly, the external market is probably valuing it more than what it is today.
David Simon: I never suggested you aren’t. I’m just having a hard time hearing you. That was the only negative comment. Okay. So, sorry about that. But again, we’re happy to walk you through it. So, it can help you understand what we’re doing.
David Simon: Well, the good news is our pipeline is kind of back to where it was in ‘19. However, remember, in ‘19, we finished some stuff, right? So naturally, that falls off. And then, we didn’t add anything really until this year. But I think you’ll see steady progress in adding -- and remember, we only add when we start construction on a project or we internally to prove it or we’re about to. So, we would expect to be able to add to that number this year. So, you’ll see that. I’d be disappointed if it didn’t grow in size and stature, and mostly in mixed use. So, we still -- I would still say that’s the number one priority, we’re going to invest in our existing platforms that we have, whether they’re SPARC or ABG or RGG. So, those are businesses that we have a lot of faith in, and we’ll continue to invest in those. We’re still doing a lot of investment kind of in the -- in updating the technology aspects of our shopping centers that we’ll continue to do. That’s important to us. We expect to raise the dividend. We’ve been really quiet on the acquisition front, and that’s like -- that’s perfectly fine with us. We’ll see how the market transpires, but we have no real we feel really good about our portfolio. And if there’s something that fits in nicely, reasonably priced, we’ll take a look at it, but if not, c’est la vie. And then I think we’re going to build another platform. It’s not necessarily a retail platform, but we’re in the midst of kind of working through some opportunities. Stay tuned.
David Simon: Yes. So, on the fast turnaround, I would say, yes. But remember, we bought these in bankruptcy, which most of them in bankruptcy. So, that allows you to clear out a lot of the issues and gives you a kind of a clean slate to grow from. I’d say that the management team that we put together at SPARC is excellent. They know how to integrate. And between our oversight from ABG and SPG, we’ve got good formula that’s working. Their performance has absolutely no relevance or insight at all when it comes to our negotiation or our insight into how to deal with retailers. So that’s just a flat out. No, Alex. I could see how you might ask that question, but it really doesn’t -- because each brand is there is unique and they don’t necessarily have a direct competitor that would be helpful, and we just don’t -- we don’t think like that because, as you know, every space and every mall is different and market rents are all over the place. So, simple answer to that is no.
David Simon: Well, look, I think we are top notch in this area, though, unfortunately, as good as we are, we cannot avoid what’s happened. So, we’re all subject to this. I think it -- I don’t think it’s an industry issue. I think it’s a local jurisdiction issue. And it’s a nationwide issue. And I believe the tide is turning. We are all over this, the safety of our consumers and obviously, the retailers is priority number 1. We’re not immune to it as much as we would like to be. We have a very sophisticated operations center, intelligent center that deals with this. If you ask the retailers, they would tell you that I think, Alex, that we’re number 1 in this area, but we’re not immune. I would love to be immune. But we, as a nation, have to address this, and it’s happening, obviously, in a lot of different areas. I don’t want to get into politics at all. But I don’t think it’s -- I don’t think the industry can solve it. I do think it’s got to be at the local and national level. And I do think we’ve got to hold everyone accountable that this kind of stuff cannot be tolerated. But believe me, we are all over it but where we -- some of these things are just impossible to avoid. However, what you don’t hear from us, Alex, is all the ones that we forwarded, [ph] dozens and dozens of multiple ones, and we do an excellent job, but it’s -- we’re we have to deal with some unfortunate consequences of these acts.
David Simon: Well, we -- first of all, we focus on NOI growth. So, that’s number one, and we expect to have NOI growth. So that’s the first. I’d say to you -- I think you’re not -- maybe we weren’t clear, but the $54 is somewhat -- it’s just the base minimum rent that our portfolio averages. It does not include overage or percentage rent. If you included that based on ‘21 results, that $54 would be $62. Okay? So, that’s the that relationship there. And I don’t -- I try to listen carefully to your question, but it just goes to show that the $54 is missing this component, and we thought it was material enough to point it out.
David Simon: Yes. That’s all a function of lease expiration. So, we tend to raise -- if someone is an overage rent or they have a percent rent deal that’s expiring, we try to raise the base minimum rent or we try to capture as much in the base minimum rent from the overage that’s generated. You don’t always get all of it, but you do some of it. So, it’s -- it should pick up over time, but it’s really a function of the big overage rent payers and when their leases expire.
David Simon: Yes. I think it’s very simple. The real simple answer is sales, and we do a very sophisticated model. If we have sales levels that are above this year, we will overachieve that number. But again, we’re in February, and we tend to be -- try to be cautious on that number. But that’s really -- and then, there are increases in cost that we’re dealing with as well for us. So for instance, I mean, security expenses are up based on -- we just had a discussion with Alex on that. Obviously, we have wage inflation janitorial. So, we have pressures on expenses just like everybody else. We’ve got no break on the real estate tax front from the local municipalities, even though we were closed for months in many cases in ‘20 -- ‘19 and ‘20. But our real estate tax expense keeps going up. So, we have pressures there that we’re just trying to be relatively thoughtful about how to deal with. And then, the percent overage sales number going into every year is a little bit of the unknown, and we’re trying to bake some conservatism into that thought process.
David Simon: Yes. And we have bumps. But if it goes up 6% and we’re going up 3%, we lose 3%. So -- and -- so again, I mean, it’s all factored in. But I would say there’s a little bit of margin pressure. And again, hopefully, I’ve been clear on the sales front.
David Simon: Yes. Look, I think it reflects an earlier comment, which is we are starting to see a little more pricing power as demand goes up and the fact that the overall business is better. So, it’s a good insurance policy and that the retailers are producing very positive results in our portfolio. We don’t want to put them on the edge, but we’ve taken our lumps over the last few years. And now we’re just trying to balance it a little bit better than what we’ve seen over the last couple of years. So, it’s a good indicator that we’ve got some room to go. That’s all it is.
David Simon: It’s essentially a thing in the past, though, there’s always a case here or there where we might -- we might have a deal in ‘23 for space, but they’re not ready -- I’m sorry, they’re not ready in ‘23. So we have a retailer in the space. So, ‘22 might be an extension of that while we finalize the lease for ‘23. And that’s a little bit what I was talking about with Floris as well.
David Simon: Well, we do it -- we really do it -- I don’t know why, but we do do it tenant by tenant. And I do -- simple thing is if we do see sales above this year, we would hopefully -- putting aside the comment about rising expense cost, if you kept our expenses flat, we would see a better, more robust NOI -- portfolio NOI growth. Simple answer is that. And we do have some baked in conservatism in that number. But again, it’s -- we do this budgeting process late in the year. Actually, some people, they do it earlier than I’d like, but we -- it’s always -- in the case of sales, it’s an art versus a science. The good news, though, when we talk to retailers, they are planning up sales compared to ‘21, okay? And that’s positive. And if they produce their own plan, we’ll see the benefit of that.
David Simon: We don’t give that out, but if we do -- well, I’ll ask the guys if they want to give it out. We tend not to do that. But I would say it was similar to what we would use to see from when we had big international tourism in our big international properties from a percent point of view. Okay? Guys, is that right? Okay. And then, it really went away. So, it’s kind of back to where we were maybe 4, 5, 6 years ago.
David Simon: Yes. In the mills, they include all of the boxes. We include all the boxes. I shouldn’t say that. We include all the boxes. So, every square footage. It’s not whereas in the outlet mall, it’s basically just the interior space, that’s the department store. So, that’s -- so they have a few big tenants that may be driving the increase. But that business has been very healthy, and we’re very pleased with the results there.
David Simon: Okay. Thank you. I know there’s a few that are still looking to get some questions answered. So, Brian and Tom will be available, of course, I am as well. And thanks for participating in the call today.
Michael Bilerman: David, I wanted to come back to sort of the growth that you’re getting from a lot of these unique and differentiated investments that you’re making? And just sort of how it ties back to this year’s earnings forecast, but also that growth in the future. You gave us a couple of pieces, but they’re all a little bit different the time of all together. So, I’m just going to use one for now and maybe we can pivot off of that. But if you just look at your FFO from investments, which is on page 29 of the sup, which I recognize includes Klépierre, but it includes -- sorry, page 28, but includes all of these other investments that you’re making. You’re looking at 2021 at about $550 million, about $1.46. You’ve now thrown out for this coming year, the $0.15 to $0.20 drag from these investments that are being made. And I’m just trying to reconcile well how much is in the $11.60 a share for all of these, which are both retailer investments as well as Klépierre, what sort of range are we thinking about that’s obviously gross, but then netted down by, I guess, $0.15 to $0.20 for these other investments. I’m just trying to put it all together.
Michael Bilerman: All right. Well, I’ll take slightly. But I’m just trying to get, on page 28, you actually list the FFO contribution, right? $550 million from everything, right? $1.46. So, I’m just trying to triangulate what you earned in ‘21 and how that compares to the $11.60 million in ‘22. You’ve given us a couple of nuggets of information, the $0.15 to $0.20 drag, but it doesn’t net out to actually what’s in guidance for these investments.
Michael Bilerman: Okay. Yes, I was looking at page 28, not the NOI page. That’s where the confusion was coming from David. Maybe just -- we see the FFO with investments, right? So that includes all of the FFO from all these great investments you’re making. And this is not a negative question, David, but this is a positive of stuff that you’re doing.
Michael Bilerman: Well, that’s exactly -- now we’ve gotten to the question, which is that’s why -- that’s the number we do know, right? So, there’s no ambiguity.
Michael Bilerman: Right. And that’s where all the questions that I’m asking, David, these are positive things that you’ve done that we get asked by the investment community of trying to ask for more disclosure to try to get to ascribe that value that you want. So that’s -- it’s coming from a good place. And usually, I’m good at math, but...
Floris Van Dijkum: David, you just mentioned NOI growth. And obviously, you know that I’ve been -- I still think there’s a lot of value in the business here. But again, you might be slightly joking...
Floris Van Dijkum: No, no. I know you think there’s a lot of value. And I’m trying to help you get that out. But the -- walk me again -- the 2% NOI growth that you have in your assumptions for ‘22. If you have your -- basically, you have fixed bumps in your leases typically of around 3%. You don’t get it for all of them, but you’re a little bit shy of 3% maybe. But all things set or spare, but everything else stays, the same occupancy stays the same. You should get around 2.5% to 3% NOI growth. Yet you’re only guiding for 2% growth.
Floris Van Dijkum: So David, I mean, just again -- but a lot of your costs would be recaptured through CAM. You’ve got fixed CAM that increases at inflation. So that would imply that you’re fixed CAM...
