David E. Simon: None of that is from Teavana and there's been a little bit more lease settlement income this year. Again, that's not in our comp NOI. As you know, we did own Seritage stock. We did sell that. And I would only point out for those of you that – I would hope most people would study our P&L without making statements, is that we also had more than offsetting what I'd call unusual expense on the expense line, all of that you can see in our 8-K, in our P&L. So I think like this is all washes. If anything, it's a little bit more negative, but that's up for you guys to determine. And we outperformed even with the deductibles, even with the extraordinary expenses that we incurred that were higher than what I'd call the higher than normal lease settlement income, and obviously the Seritage marketable securities gain. It's a gain by the way, not a loss. Let's keep that in mind too.
David E. Simon: We should have improvement in the fourth quarter. That's number one. We're not going to give you a number. Number two is we give you guidance in 2018 in February, but the reality is the only reason why it's down is we've had some extra bankruptcies this year. We had a bunch in 2015. We had less in 2016. We had a bunch in 2017. The portfolio is in excellent shape. So, we'll continue to improve upon that. And we've done more leasing this year. I don't have the exact number. Rick might have the total number. But we've leased a lot of space this year, what, over...
David E. Simon: No, it's more than that, but the point is – and we're dealing – the issue with bankruptcies is you're at the whim of the court. So you have a lease, they can cancel it at a moment's notice, and it does take time to lease. But we've leased over 10 million square feet this year. That's a lot of leasing and we'll continue and improve. And like I said, I think we'll have an uptick in the fourth quarter.
David E. Simon: We had a lot of bankruptcies go through the third quarter. You can't lease space in a month or two. It's certainly harder to lease space to open up for the fourth quarter once you get that space back in the third quarter because you have build-out and so on. But like I said, we have an uptick, and it's essentially all on the margin the way I look at it.
David E. Simon: The simple answer to that is we've got – we're very close to some significant redevelopments that we're excited about, and we are very conservative. So we're creating a pile of financial power that we want to take advantage of, and we've got a little bit more redevelopment that you'll see in the next, I don't know, month or two. That's really exciting for the portfolio, and we figured we might as well hoard some cash. And actually, we also love raising the dividend. I love raising the dividend 10% a year. I really like that. So between the redevelopment, raising the dividend, having a balance sheet that cannot be compromised, with significant firepower, I know it's all ignored right now, but I don't ignore it, and I'm going to rely on my judgment that that's stuff that I shouldn't ignore. So I know no one wants to pay attention to it. I know nobody cares. But raising that dividend 8%, 10%, 12% a year, having a hoard of cash to put back in the portfolio of accretive returns is really exciting, and having a balance sheet tried, tested, ready to go to work is really a competitive advantage that I really like, and that's what we're going to do. So this dividend is going up, the earnings are going up, the balance sheet is going to get stronger. That's the model we got. That's what we're doing.
David E. Simon: It will be. It's always been designed as Mills. Our partner there actually owns The Mills in Toronto and in Vancouver. And this has always been organized as a Mills. It's enclosed. It's what I'd say bigger in size. So it's always been kind of – we consider it more Mills like with the boxes and the outlet and the entertainment uses.
David E. Simon: So our partner is the owner of Vaughan Mills and the one that they've just opened in Vancouver as well.
David E. Simon: It's $1 million per occurrence. The flood in – Harvey and all the flooding did not reach the deductible expense. We had other expenses, but not up to that number.
David E. Simon: Well, it's mostly associated with legal expenses. As you know, we had this situation with Woodbury. You know our point of view in terms of how we felt about that, but they were significant, significant expenses. That, to me, is a one-time expense. And then obviously we're going to be – we're running our business as efficiently. We have the highest margins in the business. We've got the best overhead percent of revenue in the business. We take pride in that, that we have the highest margins. We take pride that we have the lowest overhead, again something that's underappreciated, and we'll continue to do that. We did not have an LTIP for the senior dudes because we knew this year would be a little bit tough. It's actually coming out better than we thought. We're hitting every number. We've got best growth in the industry. We've got the best balance sheet. Our operating metrics are – sales were up. All of that is pretty good. But you know what? We thought it might be a little tough. And so we tightened the screws, and that's what I like about my team. They're willing to tighten with me, and we tightened.
David E. Simon: Yeah. On the occupancy that Mike Bilerman asked which I probably should have mentioned, I mean part of the dip in occupancy that we have is also we've added new product to the portfolio. So, they obviously, both in redevelopments, expansion space as well as new developments, they are never up to or 95% and I don't know what that number is...
David E. Simon: Okay. So it's about a 30 basis point impact and I probably should have answered that when Michael asked in any event. So part of that is just the portfolio is expanding and you tend not to be initially at 100% occupancy when you open. But yet, once the space comes in, the space comes in our number and it is what it is.
David E. Simon: Look, I think it's a question of your assets that don't fit with our portfolio, we generally have been a seller or spinner-offer of assets. The market is not great. On the other hand, I think we'll have at least a sale potentially by yearend or early next year. But it's a very simple – there's no asset here that we lose sleep over or that we have consternation over. And it's a function of – if we get the right price, we'll sell. If we don't and the present value of those cash flow is greater than the price, I mean – to me cash flow is still – there is nothing to be embarrassed about. I know this world doesn't want to focus on cash flow, but there's nothing to be embarrassed about cash flow. And I can take that cash flow and invest in something that's higher growth and that's okay. I mean, that's kind of what I think people like me should think about. But we'll continue to prune the portfolio. We're in pretty good shape, if the value is right, but we're not going to do anything that's a fire sale because we really have no need to – we can operate effectively. The thing about us is we can operate effectively from luxury centers to terrific suburban malls, west of the Hudson, to outlet centers, to the Mills product, to Europe, to Asia, to mixed-use properties. I mean, we have the ability – I mean, the fact – if you had only seen how this company dealt with these devastations, our multiple would go up, okay? You don't see it, but I see it. We had crews of people. We chartered plane. We had crews of people go down to Puerto Rico. We had people in the field that put their own personal situation on the back burner to deal with our physical assets. Crazy, crazy stuff. So, we can operate. I mean, people forget that we lost a mall in Nashville because of a flood that was shut down for, I can't remember, a year-and-a-half, two years? And we built it back better than ever. We'll build Puerto Rico back better than ever. Those assets are important to that community. We will deliver, and that's what people lose sight of. They want to focus on a metric here and there. I don't know. Sometimes it's interesting, but I don't know what you're asking. I forgot. But the point is, thanks for your question. If I didn't answer it, ask it again. Something about asset sales. The point is we operate in any kind of environment. We do extraordinary stuff. We give back to the community. Simon Youth Foundation is important, check into it, look at what we've done for the Komen Foundation with Breast Cancer Research, look at the fact that our operating income, somebody reported sales that had operating income of $347 million. We had $1 billion, $35 million of operating income, 3 times, what somebody else had, and focus on that. Focus on those kind of things I think would be helpful in your analysis. You should tell us what you want us to focus on. On the other hand, it's a two-way street, my friend. Thanks for your question.
David E. Simon: Simply put it's basically across the board. And you've got to remember, September, we've dealt with a lot of crap. So I mean I was really pleased with that number. It's across the board. And I think that there's definitely been a pause with all these natural disasters, but I mean unfortunately they hit us hard from Texas to Florida. Don't underestimate the Las Vegas impact. Thankfully we had nobody involved. But it's a tragedy that changes the psyche of the consumer for a period of time. I think I heard from Southwest Airlines that their flights down to Vegas are down. It will come back, but we had to deal with that. And unbelievably, I mean we've never had malls where we had to shut because of fires. The untold natural disasters, what's happened in Northern California, it's been unbelievable. We had our partner in a mall there whose own home burned down. I mean just tragic, tragic stuff. And then obviously, the Puerto Rico situation is at another level. So, even with all that said, our sales came in pleasantly surprised. I think the consumer mood is better. Look, we can talk online or not online, the reality is, I saw something interesting, how physical books outperformed. Electronic books, who knows, but maybe that's a trend. I think you'll see that as well. People get bored despite all of the rhetoric out there, you would expect me to say that. But generally sales and traffic are not bad, pretty good absent obviously these things going on and the tragedies of this unfortunate circumstances that we've had to deal with. And again, I wrote a letter to the company. I can't tell – and I don't know how many people listen from the company on the call, but I can't tell you how people have stepped up in this company dealing with these crazy, crazy events. Proud of the organization.
David E. Simon: Great. I think that's going to be great. Denver is a great city. The growth there is phenomenal. It's a great site right on I-25. We are ahead of the outlets, took a bunch of retailers there last month. I think, we've got a great design. I think, it will be a great addition to the community there.
David E. Simon: I think it's got the potential to go up, frankly, because, as you know, we're going to have some opportunities like the King of Prussias of the world that are going to be really dramatic and change the face of some of these great pieces of real estate. So I think you'll see more from us in this area, even this year, that would tend to suggest that that number could be higher. Look, we are very focused on the redevelopment part of our business, investing in our product. We're actually in very good shape there. We've done a lot, as you know, since 2010. And we're still very optimistic on – we'll announce at least one more expansion of a material asset this year yet, Rick, probably, right...
David E. Simon: ...with really good tenant demand. We'll announce another major mixed-use development at some point along the lines of King of Prussia that I talked about. So I think we've got good stuff working.
David E. Simon: I do. And you put it in comparison to other companies and some of their multiples, we are I think truly undervalued. But I'm not going to – Mr. Market is Mr. Market. We can only – I think a good way to demonstrate that is by raising our dividend on a consistent basis. We'll continue to do that.
David E. Simon: It's interesting. What happens – unfortunately, we've seen this before. What happens it does – and I will say this to you. Prior to this like string of natural disasters, the business was actually – sales and traffic were up. They were good. And what happens generally is you lose the week before because there's the preparation and then you lose two, three, four weeks after because obviously people are not yet back to normal. Houston, having just visited Houston, we didn't really have that much property damage, but there was unbelievable amount of damage to that city. Now, give it to Houstonians and Texans, they come back fast and hard. Florida probably is wild because it was East Coast, West Coast, East Coast, West Coast. That hurricane couldn't make up its mind where it was going to hit. But the reality, it does slow traffic and sales. Florida is back a little bit more normal. I think Houston took a little bit longer to get back to normal given the amount of devastation there. Vegas, we were having a great September in Las Vegas, great. I think that's going to take some time. What happened there is horrific. But we'll see. It's so hard to predict, but these things, they don't just snap back day one. It does take time for people to get in their normal pattern. And I don't blame them, frankly. They've got other things to worry about.
David E. Simon: Look, I know we all want to talk about 2018. As you know, we don't talk about 2018 till our year is done. You're more than welcome if you would like next week, you can come to Indianapolis, spend. We go through space by space 200 properties, so it's mind-numbing. But we're doing our business plan for next year. If you want to burn a day or two or three or four or a weekend, come on in. We'll show you how we run the business. But we'll tell you about 2018 when we tell you about 2018. All I can tell you is that we've got a great real estate operating model that has historically worked over many years and many cycles. We've weathered lots of storms one way or another. We'd certainly love a better natural retail environment. It's not quite there, it was headed there. We'd like a more stable retailer environment. We're diversifying away from the have-nots to the haves. That takes time, but you can't duplicate our real estate. You can't duplicate our balance sheet. You can't duplicate the fact that this company can operate across this country as well as in many parts of the world. And we put it all together. We put it in a blender. We pull the right triggers, and lo and behold, we grow our earnings, and that's what we're all about. I don't expect 2018 to be any different than the history, but I've got the next two, three weeks of planning for the execution of 2018. But like I said, we planned for 2017. We're doing a good job in 2017. We're overcoming a lot. Whether it's retailer bankruptcies, natural disasters, changing market conditions, we did the same thing in 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011, 2010, even in 2009. It is what it is.
David E. Simon: I think that's a simple – the simple thing is that we had more. We put everything in there, so we had more box deals, so that tends to damper down the spread for the entire portfolio as opposed to the ones that don't have as much box activity in the NOI weighted. It's as simple as that. It's not always like that, but...
David E. Simon: Well, it's $0.03 FFO all-in because we don't anticipate any BI and/or those centers right now to be opened by the end of the fourth quarter. But they might be, but we don't anticipate it.
David E. Simon: It really – I think, you answered it best. It really is space by space, retailer by retailer. I mean, I think, we really don't – we do across the board account, client-oriented leasing as you might imagine, but it is space-by-space, lease-by-lease.
David E. Simon: Well, on the last question, not really. We're really not looking externally to – if we get approached, we'll certainly consider something but we're actually not looking that much externally. As you know, the big focus has been on the redevelopment, new development and that continues to take up most of our time. Look, I don't – we're not running away from – I just simply – the math is the math. The opportunities are the opportunities. The fact that we – we have always considered ourselves as a retail real estate company. I think, as things have changed, we now consider ourselves as a – we're going to have more mixed use opportunities. So that's going to change the mix a little bit on the margin, but we're not running away from the mall business, or running away from the U.S. business because literally, we look at opportunities, so granular. Like the previous question about how you look at leasing, it's space by space, mall by mall. I mean that's how we look at the opportunity set that we have here. And because of that, we may – the U.S. may go down – U.S. malls may go down, but it's really because we saw opportunities elsewhere not because we're running from the mall business. We went in the outlet business in 1998, and I made a – we built – it's a funny story if you got a minute. We built a mall for $4 million of equity in Orlando. It shows you how just stupid I am. But at the same time, we spent this money on the Internet and we lost – remember – by the way, we were ahead of our time. Some of this stuff today probably will be worth $100 billion, but okay. But we made some mistakes. I think, we had a $30 million write-off back in – around that period of time. And I – we built that outlet mall in Orlando. I had $4 million of equity. I look – I think of my – what's our return on equity. David Bloom at Chelsea at that time came to me and said he wanted to own 100% of Orlando, and I go, well, not really. But he said, no, I'll give you $40 million for it. And so that was a 10x in about a year, which even the smartest private equity or venture capital guys like 10x in a year. I said, okay. Little did I know, in 2004, I'd buy it back at a number even greater than that. But the point is we like to go where the opportunities are. We bought Klepierre in 2010 when the euro was going to be disbanded. We bought it at under NAV. So that – it's more – that's more our philosophy than, boy, I want to reduce the percentage of our mall business in the U.S. to get to this number, if that helps at all, and answers your question.
David E. Simon: Well, we really – I haven't really studied the Penney numbers, obviously. I know they weren't that good. We have confidence in JCPenney. I mean, obviously they had a – they're still recovering from the activity that occurred when they had a different shareholder base. And I have – I think that Marvin Ellison has done a very good job. We think they serve a real need to the consumer. I do think there's still unfortunately dealing with some of the traumatic events of their different shareholder base. That's taking time, but it's cash flow generating company. We'll study the number, see what they all mean, but I think they definitely have a loyal consumer base and have a business that generates operating cash flow and I don't expect anything too radical there. But I think over time, we are going to want to get some space back from the department stores and we may get some space back but it's all going to be on the margin. They don't pay any rent even at places where they pay rent. So, the opportunity to re-tenant those buildings on an accretive basis is pretty, pretty significant for us. And to the extent that they're not investing in their store and we are investing in the mall, there is a disconnect to the consumer that we hope to – potentially, we can modify that disconnect by having a better or different use. We're poised. We're focused on it. We spend a tremendous amount of time assessing what we want back, what we might give back and I think the opportunities are a lot more significant in what we want back than what we might get back.
David E. Simon: I mean, we're really not reducing, I mean – we're really not reducing any kind of overhead on that kind of base. So we're just – you get us for a cheaper price. Some may think that's good; some may think that's bad. But it is what it is. As I've said...
David E. Simon: You probably were bored, which I don't blame you, right? We answered that question earlier, which is basically we've been – because of some of these mixed-use opportunities like King of Prussia that I've mentioned before, we think our redevelopment pipeline is going to potentially increase. So we're being very judicious on that. In addition, the more I think about it, I just love raising this dividend 10% per year because the cost to carry on that is increasing. And I think that's more meaningful to long-term investors than episodic buybacks here and there. But it's in our arsenal. It's in our capital toolbox. We'll take it a step at a time. But we've got some really big mixed use opportunities and I just love having a powerful balance sheet. I just can't tell you how it excites me every morning.
David E. Simon: It's never off the table, no. We have authorization and it's ready to go to work if in fact we're ready to go. And I would take that authorization seriously. Otherwise, we wouldn't have it.
David E. Simon: Generally, they know what they should be reporting, I would say so. And again, I want to leave it at that. Let's leave it at that. It's a good point. But I will tell, I do think it's safe to say that the numbers we have are underreported, absolutely underreported. It's a very astute point. And by the way, we're not giving that up on future leases. So because it's all melding, but you bring up a very interesting point, and I prefer not to talk about it after this.
David E. Simon: We've had this discussion. I'm not really – I don't – that doesn't do much for us. So it's not something we really are pursuing.
David E. Simon: That's a big question. Look, I don't want to really get in too much about having a discussion with our clients. Look, I think ambiance, service, speed of execution is really important in today's consumer-oriented focus. I do think there are things that can be done at the store level that will improve that. I think as simple as a fast checkout at a store would improve sales and productivity dramatically. And there has been a huge focus on technology investment towards their online activities. I'd love for that to shift towards the store environment, because that's a real advantage. And I think if they did that in a more comprehensive way, whether through checkouts, service, styling. There are so many things you can do today, much like Apple does when you go to their store and town squares. If the focus were to shift a little bit there, I think they would see a pickup in their in-store sales environment. And it's all over the board, Jeff, frankly. I do think it could improve. And just like what we need to do, we need to improve our in-store experience on the stuff that we can -the in-mall experience on the stuff that we can control. So I think it needs to be a greater focus. It's around the edges. I'd like a little shift in that, but we'll see if that happens.
David E. Simon: No, that's included in what we're talking about. Just so you know, we did a WeWork steal in Clearfork in Fort Worth, Texas. So no, I do think that environment will absolutely accelerate in the – again, I don't know that I would call these suburban. It's where the good demographic people live outside an urban area. There are still 330 million people, okay.
David E. Simon: Okay. I know New York City and San Francisco is urban environment, but there are lots of places outside of those where people live and work and play and be entertained. So the answer is yes, I expect us to do more and more with WeWork both directly like we did at Clearfork and through our relationship with Lord & Taylor. We know those guys. We like them. I've spent time with them. They're very creative. Both companies are very creative. L&T or HBC in that case as well as WeWork, good people too. I like them.
David E. Simon: No real chain. Chain, I think we've always liked it where it made sense for both parties, and the Amazon acquisition of Whole Foods doesn't change our thinking. I don't know if it's changed their thinking, Whole Foods' thinking, but it certainly hasn't changed our thinking. We'd love to have them in the properties where it makes sense for them and for us.
David E. Simon: The answer is absolutely. Assuming this has legs, this will be rolled out throughout our network, and you have to look at our platform as a network and this will absolutely roll out. The great news is we've got a team dedicated to up-and-coming new retailers that may start digitally and then go online. Like MeUndies is a good example of that where we're opening a pop-up store in Stanford. So we have a team wholly dedicated to that. We also appear here which is a network where we're both an investor and a player. They actually started in London and have a number of – basically a platform that connects real estate owners with brands that want access to a portfolio in a very seamless way. They've also been instrumental in identifying up and coming retailers or concepts. And so, it's a big effort on us to do that. And not only that but also lease, not just through what we're doing at The Edit, but also through just normal deals like the UNTUCKits of the world. I mean there's a lot of that new business out there that is exciting for us because we are bringing in the up and coming retailers or food operators that know how to connect directly through the consumer, but also have a little different spin on how they connect with the consumer in the in-store environment. I think they're very smart, digitally savvy, speaks to Millennials, we love them as part of our platform and our properties.
David E. Simon: Well, we don't break out that. It's in our guidance. We're pleased with the business. We bought it very – we're weighing the money. They're performing according to plan. I don't give out quarterly numbers, but there's a little more volatility in the fourth quarter like a lot of retailers, even tech companies have a lot of volatility in the fourth quarter. There's a little bit more of that than what we have, since it's our first fourth quarter. Let's see what goes on. But we're weighing the money. We basically bought in at one time's cash flow. I kind of like those deals. If you have a few more of those, send them my way.
David E. Simon: Well, I think it's actually almost irrelevant because it's a one-time number and it is what it is, okay. So I'd actually argue that there's no reason to focus on it because it's out of the ordinary and it's not going repeat. And unfortunately, this is a very expensive scenario that we have to deal with. The fee was nominal which reinforces what we – the fact that we, again, we made an announcement how we felt about it. I don't need to relive that. It's behind us. And so I'd actually argue the opposite of that just like the Seritage sale. It goes through the numbers but I wouldn't count – we're not going to replicate that gain either.
David E. Simon: We have other things that run through that. We actually had a write-off. And again, not to get in minutia but we actually also took a write-off in one of our European outlet development projects that also flow through that, that's a one-time number, but the delta is one-time including that write-off, okay? So that's the important message to send here, okay? I wouldn't worry about it too much. I mean I don't like it. Believe me, I don't like it. I'm not happy with it.
David E. Simon: I'm not happy with it, but like I said, we had a European development deal with McArthurGlen that flows through that other number as well.
David E. Simon: But it's non-repeating, and I appreciate your question. It's non-repeating. It's out of the ordinary. And that's all I can really add to it.
David E. Simon: Okay. We've exhausted everyone including myself, and for that, please join us next week as we go through space-by-space. Rick Sokolov will set up the appointments, and have a great weekend.
Richard S. Sokolov: This is Rick. In our new leases that we have been signing, the percentage devoted to apparel is down about 20%. The percentage devoted to food and entertainment is up about 20%, and the number is over 11 million square feet this year over our three portfolios, which is malls, mills, and premium outlets.
Richard S. Sokolov: We're not going to comment on individual retailers. That's not our place. Our premium outlet traffic is up. The mall traffic is stable. We're not seeing the kinds of trends that have been publicly reported by all these algorithms and black box things that have been out there and talked about in the trades. It's very stable and frankly, again under-reported, 2017, yes, there was a lot of bankruptcies. But frankly, we're also having many of our tenants get reorganized; emerge with very, very good balance sheets, and in the last several months, you've had Gymboree, Payless, rue21, all come out with restructurings with very stable balance sheets and growth strategies.
Richard S. Sokolov: And I would say to you that there is still considerable demand in the outlet sector. Those tenants are growing and are actively looking for new opportunities. So, Norfolk now is performing very well and has got everyone open. And it's a lovely physical plant right on the water. We incorporated outdoor dining there. I mean, the – I would hope you go visit our product, Clarksburg, because the level of design and customer amenities is substantially elevated along with the tenant mix in these properties.
Richard S. Sokolov: And I would also tell you that, we're already working very significantly on next year's activity and we can evaluate now where we think market rents are going to be for the spaces coming up and we're doing everything that we can to have alternative users. So we'll have incremental bargaining power in that renewal process. If we don't get a rent we like, that tenant is going to be gone and we're going to bring in a new more productive tenant that's going to pay us more rent.
Richard S. Sokolov: And just with respect to your question on their leases in 2015 and 2016, they had 14 options, all were exercised. In 2016 and 2017, they had seven; all were exercised. In 2018, they have 6, 4 have already been exercised and we expect the other 2 to be exercised. So we've not been experiencing any closures through lease actions with Penney.
Richard S. Sokolov: Our leases are very well positioned to cover that point, and we are very focused on making sure that all the sales that are required to be reported under our leases are being reported.
Richard Hill: Hey. Good morning, guys, and given that my family is from Kentucky, I can assure you in the end it's not that far out there.
Richard Hill: Hey. I want to talk a little bit about your same-store NOI. I'll preface this. I know you focus on cash flow and you look – we do as well. But how much do you think that same-store NOI might be being helped or might be helped by the development pipeline? The development pipeline obviously looks like it's a really big growth engine for you now and you started putting dollars in there...
Richard Hill: Right. And, David, what I was trying to think about was last year, you put up 2.2% in 3Q 2016 prior to...
Richard Hill: All right. So let me ask the question maybe a little bit different way. 3% same-store NOI guide for the year. I think at midpoint, how much do you think your development pipeline is influencing that versus your core portfolio, or is that just not something that...
