David Simon: I think on the guidance, look, first of all those are your numbers, not ours. And obviously, that’s predominantly driven by the currency devaluation that’s occurring both with respect to the Yen and Euro. The good news is even with that, because of our at least our hedge in Europe, we’re up $850 million in Klépierre. So yes we’re going to have some volatility, it’s about 1% of our - this where the rates are today versus where they are, it’s above 1% of our earnings, which to me is somewhat immaterial. So I do think we need to put that in perspective. I’m not sure that should have generated your headline, but you certainly understand our position, I understand yours.
David Simon: Well, look. As much as we - I’m sure you’d love to talk about, we disclosed our stake of - was 4.1% and got diluted down to 3.6% in Macerich, we still hold that position and at this point it’s really not appropriate for me to add anything other than the fact that we still own it. And there’s not a lot more I can say, actually let me take away the clarifying statement, there’s nothing more I can add to that.
David Simon: Well, look we don’t - we never comment on M&A activity. And we still own the stake. And as you know we’re significantly in the money of this on the stake, there is been no P&L impact on our stake as I know some people asked Tom that question. And it is what it is, there is nothing really I can add other than that. And I’m sorry I can’t, but there’s nothing more that I can add to that.
David Simon: Sorry listen, you know, it’s a two-way street, you give it today we’re going to give it back a little bit anyway. That’s what you like about us.
David Simon: Well, I can’t - Ross ask a question I can’t add to that other than, we have manage defined investments was evidence by the little over $1 billion that we just spent in January 15 by two really good assets with really good growth potential that we think this year will yield terrific results. I’m still an old fashioned real estate guy, I like current yield going in and the current yield going in is very attractive with once Rick and The Mills team certainly with Jersey Gardens, works their magic I think we got a lot upside. And not to say that I think Michael Glimcher did a great job with that asset. But there’s nothing I can add other than what I said to Ross just earlier Michael. And I’m sorry. But as you know it’s just inappropriate for me to comment further.
David Simon: Now on the sales, look I think it’s very interesting, because I’ve some commentary around it. We did see a little bit of bit of flattening out in the Florida area kind of first is, as one initial as you know, in terms of devaluation that Latin American customer happened quicker than say the Euro devaluation. We don’t have any earnings impact on that that just might have impacted sales. We also, as Christy, as you know, we are undergoing huge transformational redevelopment in King of Prussia the field, even The Forum Shops were changing a lot of the tenant mix, changing the transition hall from phase 1 to the phase 3 that’s out on this strip, as well as we had this unusual anomaly that we have one retailer that’s in a state that doesn’t pay sales tax, they had an extraordinary amount of sales in 2013, that didn’t repeat because of their own constraints that they post for 2014, that also may have flattened sales in terms of how you’re thinking about it. But I would generally say you put all those things together our portfolio does what $620 a foot, still industry leading given size and scale, we’re adding to the mix, we’re doing a lot of great stuff. So you know how generally I feel about retail sales, okay. And you have seen even with flat retail sales generally over the last two years or three years you’ve seen our comp NOI increases, you know my argument on that. But at least I hope that gives you some color as to how you might think about our number, compared to others out there, but the portfolio is never been stronger or better.
David Simon: They actually were slightly better than the malls, because the malls had this - those kind of two or three things Craig that I just discussed. And our premium outlets on from a both the from a comp point of view had better results than the mall business.
David Simon: But its different trade here, but I would say three because there’s a river that runs through it, is one of those things.
David Simon: But, Craig, we clearly have at this point in time compared to last year more retailers in bankruptcy. So as you know we’re not sure how many stores we’re going to get back, some we’ve already announced, so it’s really closing stores some in factory been liquidating. So I mean, I don’t - it doesn’t change the fundamentals of our business, but 2015 is going to be a lot of work and really she knows those retailers because depending on when we get it and how much time we have to lease it up, there could be a little gap there.
David Simon: So we were fortunate to outperform that. So Paul, we are taking into account. We do have more bankruptcies this year. So I think it’s appropriate for us to be conservative, because as you know, we don’t control, we don’t get the space back, and then we can have downtime, and so on. So if there is a conservative element to what I’d say it’s a little bit because of the just the bankruptcies that we’re having to deal with in 2015 versus 2014.
David Simon: Well, look I mean there’s nobody been more active in new development and redevelopment than we have been. But it’s not like, oh let’s just do a redevelopment there’s a lot that’s required to get there. And then new development we want to build stock that is at the end of the day going to fit in the certainly in the top half of our portfolio over the long run. So that’s - we have a hell of a portfolio, so that’s hard to achieve. And we’re going reasonably quick when we get to new development and redevelopment. And so at the same time we are not going to buy anything or anybody unless we feel like we can add significant value to it. Now let’s take a couple of recent examples. It’s not bad for my net investment in Klépierre to be up 4x okay, not bad. And we felt like we could add value to that business and thankfully we have. The same thing on the going in yield with the two deals we brought for Glenshire is around five. And we think they are A assets A+ assets and obviously we think we’ll be able to grow those. So that’s a great opportunity. And look at the one thing that I think the market has lost sight of is just everybody’s balance sheet again. It’s like forget about it. Our balance sheet is 5.4 EBITDA multiple, it’s 3.8% interest coverage despite having I still look at those ten and three-quarters that I got outstanding to my team. Right Andy? My team.
David Simon: We still have room to, depending on where rates are, to roll that down and even to make a stronger coverage ratio in balance sheet. So I mean, we’ve always looked at every thing, we’ll look at everything. We’re not going to chase deals, and when it comes to acquisitions unless we feel like we can add value to that property with our, either our infrastructure or leasing know-how development, know-how we just don’t do it.
David Simon: Well, sure. I mean, look it led to - let’s just go back to, ‘09, I mean, the fact of matter is there’s - in the retail real estate sector, there’s nobody, because they were so levered and we did some tough financing including equity, but there is nobody in our sector other than maybe say Taubman, that has out grown whatever dilution. And not only we’re growing it, we just blew it away. Everybody else is still trying to get back to the record FFO per share that they had in 2006, 2007 and the dividend. We are blowing through those dramatically. And what that balance sheet that we had even though, we panic like a few others, allowed us that to be conservative yet, signaled the market that we’re alive and well, blow through the growth that we had, we had a year or two of flatness or step back. But we were able to use that to find good investments that have fueled our growth. So I would hope even in capital rich times we were able to do that as well. But it’s - we’re pretty conservative, we don’t want to blow the balance sheet, we - as you know my background in the real estate world besides being an M&A banker, which was outside of real estate and in all sorts of industries was directly involved in restructuring real estate workouts. And having no fund and we are never going to get there. So we have a great asset, we’ve worked hard to achieve it and it’s a great thing, but you can’t take it for granted.
David Simon: Look, yes, I’m not making to excuses and you know how we’ve all had this discussion about our tenant sales and how I think about it. But if you take these anomalies I’d say generally we’d be around 4%-ish, but again it - our number is our number and you know how management feels about it. I appreciate you may have a different point of view, we have nothing to hide or we had a few anomalies, we’re not making excuses, will accept being dinged on it if you want. But there is a lot of transforming we do have exposure to certain markets within Brazil takes a little breather. And we had this strange thing in a state, I mean, I’m giving you enough, but we tend not to talk about specific retailers. But you could figure out what the state that doesn’t have sales tax. And it is what it is. Same time we do FFO per still into the white paper, the number is the number. We pointed out the $0.04 only because we thought may be the market didn’t know, we had to pickup our share, Klepierre’s transaction cost associated with the bulk tenders, as well as the currency drop pretty precipitously quarter-over-quarter of last year. So we thought it was important do it, but the numbers were not.
David Simon: Yes, no, no, it’s a legitimate question. I was talking more about tenants sales on our comp NOI they’re in our number. For all of those that I’ve talked about are in, even though we’re taking some immediate step backs as we redevelop it. So those really aren’t an effect in our comp NOI, at least those assets that I talked about it.
David Simon: Well, Houston Galleria is been under construction for quite some sometime, well over a year or so. But Texas itself is so diversified than it used to be 20 plus years ago, 20 plus years ago with oil. And basically real estate, today its tech, Houston is very diversified obviously oil and gas, is important but it’s got the medical focus on the universities and Dallas Fort work, that’s less and less oil and gas completely, that’s more. So the answer is, we don’t think it’ll have the any impact. Fort Worth we’re excited about because Neiman Marcus is obviously huge in that area, relocating for one mall for this to be their flagship store in Fort Worth. And we think the demand for that is great, no issues in Houston Galleria which one of the top five centers in the country. And so when you put it all together it’s really long run was no issue at all.
David Simon: No, don’t give that, no, no, no don’t give my development guys, when they come in and they want the project approved don’t assume, they’ll come in and say, it’s going to do this to the mall, we should improve that, forget it. It doesn’t happen that way.
David Simon: Well, here we go again, alright. So Rick, this is Rick. You love this part. So Rick, let her go. Okay, here we go. Here is a list.
David Simon: Yes, Montreal was little lower yield and Tampa is much higher. Tampa we think will be a great outlet center. One of the - at the end of day, one of the leading outlet centers in the country, and it absolutely is that mix change.
David Simon: Well, its better that the management team, there does there. But I will say generally just for my perspective where they’ve done a really good job over the last couple of years with our strategic help to continue to move in the right direction, smaller - reduce the smaller assets, focus more on the bigger ones, upgrade the marketing tenant mix, et cetera. I think Corio has got a better portfolio than a lot of people think. The integration there is a little bit complicated than it is say in the U.S. when it comes to integration because of the rules out there. I’m going to grieve all the technicalities about it, but I think net, net over a period of time, there is great upside in running a better more efficient company with after the Corio mergers completed. And I would expect that that gap would continue to narrow, which it has dramatically, but we’ll continue to narrow. And unlike I said I mean I’m not. The most important thing this is great, but are you making money. Our net invest is up $850 million in two years, two and a half years and maybe its three years - okay, so, I’m sorry, its three years. So - and I felt that they’ve got upside to move forward.
David Simon: We only want to do it if we think we can make money. So I have no desire to expand international as we think it’s a profit opportunity for us.
David Simon: No, I think, we’re always trying to improve our operating margins. So every once in a while there will be modest changes from year-to-year. Obviously in 2009 recession we took a very tough year that, now we’re still getting the comp NOI growth even though we’re less focused on that like we were in 2009, I shouldn’t say less focus, but we’re not as - we’re not trying to wring every nickel out of it. We also have marketing expenses, customer relations - consumer relations expenses that we’re focused on doing. So there will be year-to-year variability to it, but we’re still trying to improve it.
David Simon: Well, that’s a good one. I mean, I would say it’s hard to necessarily compare one to the next. In Europe, the supply and demand is reasonably favorable, but on the other hand, the U.S. is really caught up on that front because there has been as we all know no new really full price development for number of years. So the occupancy costs are a little higher in Europe than they are - for a retailer than they are in the U.S. But I don’t know, I have to get that little bit more thought. I don’t necessarily - I look at more in that specific market as opposed to one country to another country. It’s a little tougher comparison to do, but let me give us some thought.
David Simon: I mean the most important thing as you got a risk adjustment and you don’t - in the U.S., you don’t have currency risk. So as you can see, no one is really happy about our currency risk today. So I mean, I don’t - I’m not overly worried about it, but it is we do have a little bit of risk. The U.S. is a safer - we should give a higher return when we go outside of our natural boarders. That is slightly harder to underwrite. It is a little more complex. There are more rules and regulations to do what you want. Even though we’ve had a profound impact on Klépierre, we know U.S. investing better than we know outside U.S. investing. So you certainly would want a higher return anywhere outside the U.S. for those and other reasons. So in your question, you got a factor that into it. The rates there - I mean the rates there really, really attracted. So, if you can take into account the higher risk adjusted rate of return, you may have better, better investment opportunity. But at this point, we don’t look at mutually exclusive: the U.S. or Europe or Asia. We like to look at each individual idea, more investment on its own and then stress test with our own corporate opportunities and our own internal opportunities and see what it means for the balance sheet and our management bandwidth.
David Simon: Clearfork will be - it’s not had been started construction, but we will outline that once we put it into service. So it’s not in our 8-K, yet, because we haven’t actually started construction. We’re getting - it’s going to happen, but for finalizing our cost numbers and the leasing plan and all of that and should start in the next two months or so. So there is some great thing going on in the site now, but - so we’ll let you know on that, but it will be attractive value enhancing return. And your Oyster Bay; Oyster Bay, I think will be a very active year. We have an unbelievable plan and vision of what we want to do with the properties. We’re working now with the various town and the various agencies about going through the approval process. I’m sure you’ll see more of that this year as it comes out, but we’ve actually developed the plan, a very unique lifestyle mixed use center that we think we’ll have great appeal to ask financially as well as that all of the community groups there.
David Simon: I think on the later question, the arch of the retailers that have already announced bankruptcy or closings was really beyond a given quarter at a given results in the holiday. They have been struggling for an extended period of time. In terms of the holiday sales, in some places they were stronger, some - the stronger retailers reported better sales, but there were a larger percentage that were weaker. But overall is the economy stronger, is the lower oil and gas prices putting some incremental disposable money into the consumer’s pocket, it is. Confidence is up. So overall, the macro factors are encouraging.
David Simon: I would say not dramatically different in terms of tenant demand. I mean, sure the top 20 centers always are going to have somewhat more demand than the next 20, but generally, nothing no great variation there.
David Simon: Well, Rich the 2.1% is directly from our 8-K and that is only projects that are actually started and then corporately approved through our approval process. So for instance, it doesn’t include Clearfork yet, it doesn’t include Oyster Bay, it doesn’t include Copley, it doesn’t include the whole host of other deals. So the number that we’ve kind of said generally was around $1 billion a year. For the foreseeable future, and I still, Rich, would generally say that’s probably a pretty good number.
David Simon: Well, Scott we go back, it’s handy. We go back for long time. As you know we’ve got a 70 billion equity market cap, it’s less than 1% of our total market cap and it helps us. One of the things we’re looking at is as we significantly want to roll down our debt cost we have a huge opportunity over the next two years as our average interest rate is about 5.65% on the $5 billion of debt it comes to. It allows us to look at potentially one prepaying some of our secure debt where we can borrow at was at 15 basis points to 16 basis points and there is absolutely no risk. It also diversifies our investor base. We’ve had significant strong investors and there is really no risk because it is like in the olden days, as you know, when we used to have the banks fit on a competitive bid line now we just replace that with as you know commercial paper. And the regulations in the market is far, far different than it was five, ten years ago. So we had no problem. We started in October, there were some volatile market s. We had absolutely no problem rolling over any of our, if you would, euro paper or our USD paper and it’s again something in a small way that we’re going to continue to do and to be proactive and opportunistic.
David Simon: Thank you, Ma’am. Thank you everybody. Have a healthy New Year, happy New Year and we’ll talk to you soon.
Rick Sokolov: Hi, Craig its Rick. Right now, we are obviously focused on the first phase. There are a number of elements to that phase. They do have some additional land and depending on how this goes we obviously be open to try and do some additional development. But right now the first phase draws our attention.
Rick Sokolov: Well basically, obviously we’ve had the announcements that everyone has seen. So there is a little more pressure on some closings, but conversely where our record occupancy we’ve just come out of our meetings in December and we got a lot of momentum in the business, because there’s lot of people that are looking for space. And we certainly anticipate we’re going to be able to hold our market share and there is always going to be churning that we’ve had historically. But we’re going to basically to be able to keep things pretty much where they are now in terms of occupancy. And everybody we replace is going to be replaced by someone who is more credit worthy and more productive want to sales per foot base.
Rick Sokolov: Hi, this is Rick, basically when we add an apartment or a hotel those stand on their own. It is a separate analysis. If there is some incremental benefit great, but we do not theoretically create any kind of incremental return based on adding more match or densifying in assets.
Rick Sokolov: Unleashing the fear, in the Outlet sector every literally every month we’re finding more and more retailers that understand that this is a very valuable and profitable distribution channel. And so Jeff, Alice and Olivia, Citizens Watch, Jonathan Adler, [indiscernible] literally we could go on, but the answer is there’s a great deal of new entrants into the outlet sector. Into the mall sector we’re Accolade and David T. We’re doing NYX as a new concept from L’Oreal. And UNIQLO is very actively looking. And interestingly it’s is lost in the sauce, but L Brands is dramatically growing pink and Victoria’s Secret. So there is a lot of very good dynamic demand for our properties.
Rick Sokolov: What we have, this is Rick, we have already set the base line overall in our NOI growth, and Jersey Gardens should be in excess of that once we start doing what we think can be done there and as David said, they did a great job before, we’re just now taking it to the next level and allocating space and bringing in incremental more productive tenants, that’s going to drive rent and sales.
Rick Sokolov: We are ahead this year over last year. We’re about 65% through our renewals in 2015. And we’ve obviously made a major focus on getting as far out ahead of it as we can. So we can be responsive. And because our occupancy is higher, those tenants that are looking for space understand that if they don’t commit someone else is going to get the space. So that obviously is also encouraging people to accelerate there, just as you making as well.
Rick Sokolov: And yes, absolutely and that’s why we significantly increased our average weighted term as we reduced the rate and that will continue to be the case.
Andy Juster: Yes, we’ve got taxable incomes got a lot of variability, we are - as you know we paid out 100% of our taxable income last year. And I did underline, I hope you saw that at least $560, I will underline that that’s at least $560 or so. The answer is our taxable income is growing significantly as our earnings are and so it’s very conceivable that that could be an outcome of that. 
Andy Juster: But not, but obviously it’s the movement up and down goes in the comprehensive income or loss, in this case its income, because its up. Yes, but that’s not an FFO number, so and the only thing in our FFO guidance is their dividend have income. Okay, Alex.
Andy Juster: Yes, I think I don’t know what your comp NOI is and I also think a lot of it has to do in maybe how you are factoring in our development spend, because most of 2015 and a lot of 2016 is backend weighted. So we’ve got our share around 2.1. So I mean that that would be our only other gas, but I’m sure Tom can walk you through how you are doing. But maybe you have a little bit higher comp NOI. I mentioned we are conservative on that number, because we are looking at a little bit higher bankruptcies than we look at last year. We obviously always try to do better, but our development spend tends to be back-end weighted, depending on how you factor that in and then obviously the currency delta from the Yen and the Euro is around $0.10 from 2014 to 2015. So you added up and, it is what it is.
Andy Juster: 4% we got 5.1%. So again we’re factor in that in, we’ll see obviously, we’ve got variability to some extent, marginally on expenses. And we have certain variability on overage rent but we have long history of kind of modeling that, but it does create some variability. We also have a lot of redevelopment work where we are not necessarily taking out a comp. The big projects like Roswell Field and King of Prussia, and those, where we’re moving a lot of tenants around and the forum shops. We’ve got Copley, I think Copley, if I remember from our budget sessions is going down $2 million this year really pissed me of in our budget meeting, because we’re retaining into a better group. But that’s the nature, you got a re-tenant, you got to improve the mix, when you’re bring in a better tenant they have a longer build out, all of that takes time. So we hope to do better, it’s not too shabby, we move on.
Andy Juster: Not really because we tend to charge that to the tenants. And so we just pass on that savings to them. To some extent, the share that we pay for ourselves will have an added benefit. It’s not overly material.
Andy Juster: Yes, absolutely, we always look at both currencies. Right now, we could issue 10 year Euro debt at under 1.5%, significantly under. So that’s something we’ll look at. And the basis play has become a lot more favorable in the last couple of months.
