David Simon: Good afternoon. I'm pleased to report our second quarter results. Second quarter funds from operation were $1.08 billion or $2.88 per share. I'll walk through some variances for this quarter compared to Q2 of 2022. Domestic and international operations had a very good quarter and contributed $0.08 of growth, primarily driven by higher rental income. Higher interest income, and other income of $0.04. Higher interest expense cost us $0.08 in the quarter-over-quarter comparison, a $0.05 lower contribution from our other platform investments and publicly held securities compared to Q2 2022. FFO from our real estate business was $2.81 per share in the second quarter compared to $2.78 per share in the prior year period and year-to-date that comparison is $5.65 per share in 2023 compared to $5.58 in 2022. Our real estate business is performing ahead of our plan and overcoming the headwinds from higher interest expense and we are also pleased with our OPI results in the quarter and continue to expect the business to meet our original 2023 guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. We believe the market value of our OPI platform is approximately $3.5 billion or roughly $10 per share. We generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow in the quarter and $2.1 billion year-to-date. Domestic property NOI increased 3.3% quarter-over-quarter and 3.6% for the first half of the year. Portfolio NOI, which includes our international properties at constant currency, grew 3.7% for the quarter and 3.8% for the first half of the year. Our mall and outlet occupancy at the end of the second quarter was 94.7%, an increase of 80 basis points compared to the prior year. The mills occupancy was 97.3% and TRG was 93.7%. Average base minimum rent for the malls and outlets was $56.27 per foot, an increase of 3.1% year-over-year. This is an all-time high for our BMR and the mills rent increased 4.3% to an all-time high of $36.02 per foot. Leasing momentum continued across our portfolio. We signed more than 1,300 leases for more than 5.0 million square feet for the quarter, and we are up to 11 million square feet year-to-date. We have 1,100 deals in our pipeline, including renewals for approximately $470 million and occupancy cost more than 30% of our total lease activity in the first half of the year was new deal volume. We continue to see strong broad-based demand from the retail community across many categories. Reported retail sales per square foot in the second quarter was $747 per foot for our malls and outlets, the mills at $677 per foot. We also hosted our second annual National Outlet Shopping Day in June was very successful for shoppers and participating retailers. We generated more than 3 million shopper visits over that weekend. Feedback has been great. We are also excited to continue to build on this annual event, and we expect it to continue to get bigger and bigger each year. Turning to the balance sheet. We completed the refinancing of nine property mortgages during the first half of the year for a total of $820 million at an average rate of 6%. Our balance sheet is strong. We have $8.8 billion of liquidity. Today, we are proud to announce our dividend of $1.90 per share for the third quarter. That's a year-over-year increase of 8.6%. The dividend will be payable on September 29. We have now paid over $40 billion in dividends since we've been public. We are increasing our full-year guidance of 2023 from $11.80 per share to $11.95 per share to $11.85 and respectively $11.95 per share. This is an increase of $0.05 at the bottom end of the range and $0.02 at the midpoint. Now, let me give you food for thought, if I may. We have built a world class portfolio over our long period of time since we've been public. Following our DeBartolo transaction in 1996, our portfolio consisted of 119 malls and 65 strip centers primarily in the Midwest. Since then, we have acquired 220 properties, developed more than 50 and disposed of approximately 250 properties. Of the original 184 properties in 1996, 37 remain in our portfolio today. So our high productive portfolio is a result of constant asset rotation. Finally, let me conclude by saying our business is performing well and is head of our internal plan. Tenant demand is excellent. Occupancy is increasing. Basement and rents are at record levels. Property NOI is growing and again, beating our internal expectations that we set at the beginning of the year. And we are now, operator, ready for your questions.
David Simon: Steve, first of all, I think will be north of 95% by year-end. And I want to be – I don't like the word pricing power so much. I think, our asset rotation that I mentioned earlier has allowed us to create kind of a portfolio that's really unrivaled in our industry. And given our strong tenant relationships, we're in a good spot to find kind of the win-win that needs to happen when you lease as much space as we do. The physical environment in terms of bricks-and-mortar sales is as important as ever. That's been reinforced by essentially every retailer and anyone that's in the e-commerce business. All look to that. I think there was obviously a long period of time where many felt, many of the [pundits] felt that bricks-and-mortar just don't matter. That's the furthest thing from the truth. So we continue to think our rollover. By and large is going to be positive. And we have the ability now with new tenant demand to replace retailers that aren't producing sales and which will allow us to generate higher rent. So I do think we're pushing up rents. I think we're doing it hopefully thoughtfully by and large and we expect that trend to continue. Thank you.
David Simon: Well, I would say, we've been very active, right? So I think, because of our size, it does get lost in translation that we're always recycling, always looking to improve the quality of the portfolio. So I would think our trend would continue in that sense and will always recycle assets. We find to the extent that we can do that and generate more liquidity. We find our – and not just it's every asset that we have to the extent that we think there's a good trade to do, whether it's to sell or to buy, we're going to pursue that. And I think it's been an important component of our success over time. At the same time, we've done it. As we all know, we've done it in a way where others have done it in a way to generate the quickest short-term returns through a lot of leverage. We've done it as thoughtfully in terms of maintaining the balance sheet as anyone. So that's been another key component of our ability to grow yet recycle. So I don't think I'm signaling, but maybe you have these epiphanies, so maybe it's possible, right, that there'll be some – we'll be more active on reallocating capital to different assets than we have today.
David Simon: And I would say, just on follow-up on that, Vince, is that, a lot of the business that we have signed leases on and/or about to be signed is still – and I don't – I mean, we can give you the exact number. I don't have it again at the top of my tongue, but – at the tip of my tongue. But there is a lot of the business that we've signed or about to be signed is really 2024 and even 2025 business. And especially, when we're in the – we're talking the restaurant business, you're talking nine months build out, you're talking permits that are required to get – it's a little more complicated getting restaurant permits, liquor license, et cetera. We've got some great restaurants going into Forum, Crystal, Stanford, Boca, but you're literally talking about a year to get permitted, get opened. To some extent some of this was delayed also with just equipment because of the COVID and the – all of the supply chain issues associated with it. So – and again, when you're talking about our full price business, build outs are longer than the outlet or the mills business. So the pipe on that sense is pretty good, which is not in these numbers. But we also on that front have boxes that are scheduled to open in 2024, 2025. That is obviously serious long time, a year plus build out. A lot of business with Dick's, Primark, Life Time Fitness, et cetera that even Barnes is doing new deals. We're building a new store with Kohl's. Stuff that just takes time – and hours to shields, et cetera, even though they just recently opened in Wichita to a great opening, which is one of our 37, by the way, just for a fun fact. So the build out is frustrating in that, it does take time, but it's – so we still expect some really interesting things to happen in 2024, 2025 as these tenants open. And remember in a lot of cases, the more interesting the retailer, the longer the build out there is a correlation there.
David Simon: Simply, I thought, as I go back in time, I think the – and I'm trying to go through COVID. I think the demand in the outlet business has picked up more. It was slower to pick up than the mall business, and I think it's finally picked up to kind of where the mall business has been. So I think demand from a product type is kind of even now, and that's not to say malls have slowed down, the outlet took a little bit longer to pick back up. Mills was somewhat unabated in that. And as you know, it's a combination of any and all. Regionally, by and large, the super regional suburban sites have a high level of interest across the board. We don't have a lot of city center stuff. So it's – we're not the right guy to ask. But I am happy that our portfolio is positioned in the high catchment areas in the suburbs. And then finally, regionally, as you might imagine, where you're seeing population growth, Texas, Tennessee, Florida, those kind of places are seeing a little bit more of the outsized demand. But again, in real estate, you could still have the best location in kind of a micro environment that does unbelievably well because it still is the center of attention. So you got to be careful on these geographic trends one way or another. It really is, as we all know. Real estate is very location oriented. But I would say those are just kind of generic trends hasn't changed all that much. But the suburbs continue to be as we said a few years ago, well ahead of most. We still felt like that was the place to be, and we're happy to see that. Not that we make a lot of predictions, but we're happy to see that prediction. At least one of them came true.
David Simon: Well, I think it's all of the likely suspects. It's lease-up, it's renewal spreads, it's new business, Obviously, it's overage or percent sales and sales activity. So there's nothing new there. I mean it's all the stuff that has allowed us to grow our comp NOI over a long period of time through a lot of volatility, COVID – real estate recessions, e-commerce, proliferation of this, that and the other. So it's all of those likely suspects. I mean I think we feel generally positive about our ability to grow comp NOI. But it's all the likely suspects and it's all the same metrics that we have to produce to generate that. And we still have the ability, even as we get up to 95%, thereabouts, we still have the ability to – which we can't lose sight of, we have the ability to replace retailers with better ones that will just common sense, we'll be able to pay higher rent because they'll be more productive. It's really that simple. So – but Ron, it's all the same stuff. And we're focused on hitting all of those cylinders certainly to finish this year, but also in 2024, 2025. And the added benefit that we have in 2024, 2025 is that we've got a lot in the pipeline that will finally open.
David Simon: Look, we don't want to get into that level of detail. We certainly will for 2024 as we outlined what our comp NOI growth is. But you're 100% right that the – it is much easier and quicker to open an outlet store. The build-out can be anywhere between 30 and 90 days. And the mall generally can be six months plus. And then when you get to complicated tenants or where the build-out is expensive. You're talking nine months plus restaurants in that area. But we do – and it goes back to, I think, Floris, you were one of the original analyst that was very focused on when we're going to get back to 2019 levels. And I'm happy to say that we will be back. We better be back, okay, but we will be back in there in 2024. And a lot of that really at the end of this year, we annualize it, so it really is a function of getting those retailers open. But the specific numbers, I mean, I'll – if the guys want to talk offline and go through it, I'm certainly happy to do that. But that's – I think it's better answered as we go through 2024 our comp NOI plan with you early next year.
David Simon: I think, Jeff, we're going to more or less stick to our programs, but what we've done historically, I think it's been the right strategy. We'll nick and neck, I mean, we've had good experience by and large, not perfect, but good experience experimenting here and there. But our core business is high-quality retail real estate. We're not moving away from that by any stretch of the imagination. We have lots of levers in that category to pull in terms of how we want to allocate capital. Do we want to put more here versus there, do we want to sell this and reinvest that. So I think that – if I had the ability to express it, we think about that all of the time. We never really talk about it. But as we – the sole purpose of going through that asset rotation was to tell you that we do think about this stuff all the time. And beyond just think about it, we actually do stuff about it. So – and sometimes communicating that to investors and analysts is important to know that we're going to reallocate capital where we think the growth is, and we're not afraid to sell or buy or hold or whatever kind of we think is the right thing to do. So that's really it. I wouldn't make – this is not like – we're not trying to like here we go, something is big around the corner. It's just – we've done this, and we just wanted to point it out.
David Simon: Well, I don't want to really talk about TRG so much, but I would say the spreads are – when you look at mills, outlets and malls, it's all pretty decent. We still see – our occupancy cost now is around 12%, right? So we're feeling better about our ability to generate positive rent spreads. It's not always going to happen on every space in every mall or outlet, but we're seeing it pretty much across the board. And as again, I would say to you from what might shift is where I thought our outlet business was a little slower coming out of COVID. We're seeing a much better pickup over the last year or so there. And so we're optimistic that, that's going to continue as well.
David Simon: I just think it – most importantly, it reinforces the importance of our product and it reinforces how retailers feel about our – the mall and the outlet business. So it's a great sign. I mean it's a great sign that we have new concepts. And I would say, generally, the 30% has really developed over the last, say, two months and whether it's direct-to-consumer, whether it's the luxury, whether it's a restaurant business, whether it's entertainment, we're seeing entertainment pickup like we did pre-COVID. So I think it's a testament to the product, the new retailers that want to open new stores in our existing product is a great sign and a great testament. And that level is certainly much higher than I've seen since I mean, it goes – I'm going to say, almost seven, eight years because the 2020 – I'm sorry, in 2019, we probably didn't have that level of percentage of new tenants. So it's clearly higher than it was in the 2019, 2018, 2017 level, and it kind of goes back to where we were in the 2014, 2015, 2016 level. So it's a good sign for sure.
David Simon: 3%, let me start there. So yes, we're feeling very comfortable that we'll be above the 3%. The after-tax gain is associated with the ABG raising of primary capital, which we get diluted down. So it's a – we have a dilution gain after tax, it was $0.07.
David Simon: Well, we didn't – I don't – we give a pretty big range and really wasn't in our guidance so much to speak because that's really out of our control.
David Simon: Well, I'm not going to comment on that. So there are puts and calls associated with Taubman over basically a five-year period. They have the right to kind of slowly put 20% of their interest to us, and then we eventually have a call associated with it. So that's that. And Brian, why don't you go through the – it really was more of a function of kind of the percent rent or overage rent that they had in Q2 of last year. But you can – do you have any other comment on it.
David Simon: To be technical, we're really not out there. We're actually in New York City today. So I know Indiana is considered out there, which I will not comment on, but we're actually right here. I don't know where you are, but we're right here in New York City.
David Simon: Yes. I would say we're actually optimistic on the back half of this year because comps or sales, I should say, in the second half of 2022 really started to decelerate because of the – obviously, the increase in interest rates, gas prices, inflation. So I think across the board, our comps get easier for our retailers in the second half – so we're actually optimistic. And I think generally, the economy, as we all know, is seems to relatively stable. Obviously, it's a very uncertain world. So anything can happen. But we're actually optimistic on sales for the second half, and we expect it to comp up on – with respect to bad debt, we're not seeing – I mean it continues to be lean and mean – and it's a little more than maybe last year, but it's like – it's still comparatively historical lows.
David Simon: Yes. I think Brian and Tom felt because we're doing – and these are only consolidated assets, so we have a – we have a big franchise operation with Starbucks in terms of our – where we franchise some Starbucks location plus, obviously, we're building hotels. And the – and it was all lumped into the other income, other expense, and we thought instead of having all the questions on why is this number growing and this number growing? We kind of – we just felt like it would be better to separate it. For your – believe it or not, for your benefit.
David Simon: All right. Thank you for listening. Okay. So I think we're out of questions, and I owe it to Don Wood. Now I want to tell you a story, okay? So we – Don initially stole our 5:00 o’clock time period – so we were not very happy and we said we'll do it together. And then I said, you know what, we're we loved Don, we want to be friendly. So not only did we move our time, but we gave Don the option of whether he wanted to do 4:30 or 5:30 and he chose 5:30. So if you don't like our time or you don't like his time, blame Don, but I'll hand it over to Don. I feel like Ed McMahon and Don is Johnny Carson. Thank you.
