David Simon: Sure. I mean you’re right. The reason Caitlin, we don’t go through the detail is, we are a big company and there’s a lot going on and we think it’s better for the market just to focus on in our totality of our results, but what’s better is very simple. Our retail operations, which is our other retail properties is trending to be better than our plan. That’s number one. Most importantly, our property NOI growth is projecting to be better than plan. And the only negatives that are offsetting that are we have some exposure to floating rate debt. We’re probably at the very, very low end of other real estate companies, but we do have some. But we don’t have any commercial paper outstanding. We don’t have any outstanding on our line except for $125 million, which is primarily for tax purposes. And then obviously the strong dollar, when we bring back our foreign earnings, we have to do it at a lower dollar that that has a more meaningful impact than the rising interest rate environment. But so far demand is really, really good. I don’t want – we’re not – we don’t pound the table here too much we do sometimes we get carried away, but demand is great. Our leasing folks are very excited and our property NOI is better than what we anticipated, obviously because of the COVID a lot of restructurings on the leases and because of our high end tenant concentration and the amount of sales that they’ve had. I mean there’s volatility in that I cannot pinpoint exactly where our sales will come out on that. And that will have some impact on ultimately our results, but we try to give you a range here that we feel very comfortable that we can produce.
David Simon: Sure. I’ll turn that over to Brian to walk you through actually put together, yes, a piece of paper there for you guys in the 8-K to walk you through that, because I know it’s not confusing to us, but it might be to you. So hopefully this will help. Brian, take it over.
David Simon: And remember, international last year, really was suffering from more of a lockdown than the U.S. portfolio. Yes.
David Simon: Sure. So if you did it so politely, yes, and you’re gentlemen, we’re happy to hopefully – go ahead. Go ahead.
David Simon: Yes. So we have to – when you capture things, obviously, you put it to market value and then we amortize that investment over its life has nothing to do with cash flow.
David Simon: It’s good news, by the way, just so you – I just don’t want you to be confused. It’s always good to have better performance. Thank you, Brian.
David Simon: Okay. Yes, I just want to put it in perspective. It’s good to have better performance. Next question.
David Simon: Yes. I would say, generically that – look, when I say this and it sounds hokey, but you have to create the win-win. But we are in a better position today to negotiate what we think is a fair deal for us than we were the last couple years. So we are absolutely seen the ability to get what we think is fair market value. And the good news is given the occupancy cost, our retailers are – we’re getting deals done. So we’re finding that happy win-win.
David Simon: Well, I think what you’re seeing is the fact that we have some big account leasing that we are not rushing to do, but doing it in a thoughtful manner, because we – these are really good properties and really important for the retailer and we’re taking our time to get that done. And that’s really what you’re seeing. So whereas – last year or the year before, you might have seen a rush to get those signed up and in the door, we’re taking a more strategic approach to create the kind of the win-win that I talked to, I mentioned earlier. So it’s really part of our strategy and it’ll – my anticipation without the question that number will be way down for Q2.
David Simon: Absolutely not. And that was more of a decision on our side to get the right kind of deal that we have with some of our larger national accounts, so no issue there.
David Simon: Sure. Well, as I said to you earlier, I mean, we got the authorization because we want to buy our stock back because we think it’s under-valued. So because of the technicalities we really can’t get into the market until the 16. But this is not window dressing, I expect us to be in the market. And all I can say to you and I really don’t like to comment on the stuck that’s out there on M&A. But I would throw caution note to all that I would suggest that please don’t believe any rumours or media reports concerning our M&A activity, okay. We’re – we are very focused on what I said to you, see our – if you want to able to listen to my prepared remarks, you’ll see kind of what I said on that front we’re really, really focused internally. And obviously, given where the stock has performed over the last couple of months, I mean, we think it’s an opportunity to be opportunistic in terms of buying our stock back. So that’s kind of – I mean, again, that’s kind of how I look at things. So don’t believe what you read or any rumours out there. We’re really focused on growing our existing platforms and taking advantage of the opportunities that our lower stock price represents.
David Simon: I don’t – I mean, every one of our retailers generally has a percent rent clause, not every single one of them. I mean, some of our big boxes and our department stores do not. But all of our small shop retailers usually have some kind of percent rent aspect to the weeks. So, that’s a high percent, so that’s number one. And number two, look so far, we’re in an uncertain environment as a global economy. But what I would say to you just general terms so far from the better, the higher income folks, we have not seen any kind of slowdown. There may be a little bit of slowdown on the lower income consumer obviously, unfortunately the inflation is a huge issue and we need to do everything we can to figure out as a world and in the country, figure out how to deal with the impact on inflation for the lower income consumer. But we are not – so far, we’re not seeing it in our portfolio.
David Simon: I think Michael, our SPAC – we still have confidence in the SPAC. I mean, we have a clock running out. But we still have confidence that there’s a really good chance the SPAC will find a good opportunity. And I think the opportunity set clearly has increased given the market volatility even with existing public companies. And we were smart enough to not do a deal probably at the time after we raised the SPAC that would’ve been at the market top. So hopefully our investors in that obviously recognize that. And remember, this is immaterial for Simon Property Group. But I want to say that. So on the external front, I mentioned to you earlier, right now, we are really focused internally. Now we’re investing in all of the platforms that we have in our existing portfolio. Lots of redevelopment is still on the drawing board. And we’re – SPARC is making investments in its technology, Penney will be making investments. Those come from those entities, we don’t have to fund those. They’re self-sustaining, Penney has hundreds of millions of dollars of EBITDA. So they’re funding themselves. But right now our focus is what I mentioned to you before. And look, if we see an interesting add on here or there, or bolt-on for one of our properties or one of our investments, maybe there’s some capital allocation. But I think right now it’s capital allocation I see is either to the shareholders or to grow our existing book of business.
David Simon: Well, I don’t even know how to answer that, Michael. I’m not going to talk about comp on this call. If you are an investor, would like to talk to our comp Chairman, we’re happy to arrange that for one of your investors directly. I think what you’re referring to is, we’ve made $1 billion on our ABG investment. And that was kind of – we were moonlighting in that activity, and I’ll leave it at that, but thanks for your question. And our Comp Committee Chair is available to any institutional investors and shareholders on the rationale for what they did, but we’ll move on from now.
David Simon: We’re – like I said, any institutional investor, we’re more than happy to set up a phone call with our Chair of our Comp Committee. Thank you, Michael.
David Simon: Well, I don’t – again, we – it’s a completely appropriate question, and I thank you for that. We gave guidance, NOI guidance at the beginning of the year. We are always trying to be conservative, and we always hope to outperform it. We don’t update it during the year. But I have confidence based upon what I know today, that we’ll outperform our initial guidance. Obviously, we have a little more variability than maybe – and then again, I don’t want to overdramatize this, but we have a little more variability than maybe we did 10 years ago, because of the overage rent that we’ve structured. I think we’ve actually structured it pretty smartly, but it does create a little more variability. And that’s our only – that’s the only thing that’s out there to throw some caution to the wind. What we see now, we expect to outperform, but it’s – we don’t update it and it is an uncertain world, but we’re working extremely smartly and diligently to outperform our initial property NOI expectations, without a doubt.
David Simon: Yes, I’m sorry, Vince, I didn’t mean to cut you off. It really is – it really does boil down to the sales part of the equation. It’s not – we’re seeing better rents than we anticipated. And we are seeing – look, if you Again, I don’t want to get into this, and we tried to get everybody to do the spreads the way we did it. But no one was interested in really doing what we did. If you really read the footnotes, and I don’t want to get into it, but it’s kind of – it’s comical what rent spreads are. Words are different, whatever. It’s not really important. Point is, the way you really see it is what is our portfolio NOI. And that manifests itself with everything, operating expenses, sales-based rent, overage rent, et cetera, occupancy. Our rents are firming. Our – if you really would do like just space to space, our spreads are basically positive and because we went through a lot of pain in the last couple of years. And again, because the overage was really quite exciting last year. We just don’t know if we can be as excited this year, and that’s why we’re being a little cautious, but we’re off to a good start.
David Simon: I would say to you, if I understand your question, I think, we are really happy at the pace of our accelerating occupancy and clearly based upon last year, I think we’re ahead of where we thought we would be. And I’m hoping that to get the occupancy up to kind of where we were prior to the COVID. So I think, we’re – and I mean demand again until the lease is signed, until it’s a piece of paper until I get that first month rent, it ain’t over until it’s over, but we feel pretty good. And like I mentioned in the call, I mean our terminations were at the lowest level they’ve been in a long, long time and our deal committee, I think we’ve had a – we have a really good leasing group. They’re energetic. They’re grinding away. They’re working. I mean, we’ve turned our leasing group kind of not over, but we’ve added a lot of new talent to the organization. And I think we’re in a pretty good spot, assuming, things are continue to be macro, continue to be reasonable. I don’t think we need, last year’s results, but I just, and don’t underestimate and I’m rambling on here. But don’t underestimate that our interest in our domestic portfolio is worldwide and as retailers or restaurant tours or entertainment operators, they’re not looking at China, South America’s a tough market for them, Europe is, it’s got the recovery play because of the COVID lockdown, but it’s relatively flat. And obviously you got the Ukraine issue, which is more there than here. And so the growth for the worldwide retailers is in the U.S. We were not at the top of mine three, four years ago. That was China. It is here, it’s happening domestic. So that’s exciting.
David Simon: Well, they still love physical stores. I think if I – look, I think each brand is different. So with Arrow, it’s the physical stores and the e-commerce with Nautica it’s stores, but wholesale business is very important. Brooks Bothers is a combination of e-commerce, wholesale and stores. Forever 21, the stores are really important. That’s the big differentiating factor it has compared to some of its peers. On the other hand, it needs to improve via e-commerce business. So it really within SPARC, there’s different brands and it really depends on the brand, but don’t underestimate. And I think, what we’ve seen since COVID, I mean, let’s not forget when we had COVID everybody said the stores are out of business, no stores, e-commerce, what we’re seeing is generally out performance, way out performance in the physical world, less performance on the internet or and that’s not just for our brands, but across every, essentially every retailer.
David Simon: Well, I mean, they have their stores and their e-commerce business. I think the store business is doing well. And I think over time they’ll improve their e-commerce.
David Simon: Well, we would, again, I think you missed part of the earlier call. So I’d say to you by the end of Q2, well, probably be in the 70%, 75% range of all of our leasing activity for 2022. And I would say we are doing a combination, at this point now you’re really more focused on 2023 deals, but we’re doing a combination of finishing lease to get lease assigned this year, some may open, but a lot of them opened in for 2023. And then I think the primary focus on at ICSC will be a new business, 2023 business.
David Simon: Well, that’s the policy. I mean, I don’t – I mean, our mall – outdoor versus indoor, our mall business is doing great. So I think that’s – and I would say to you one, good real estate can be indoors. It could be outdoors. It could be hybrid, and they don’t get carried away in the physical plan of great real estate. It could be a mixed use. It could be an outdoor center. It could be a big enclosed mall like Houston Galleria. So I know a lot of people spin it that way, but I will tell you, good retail real estate can come in a lot of different forms, a lot of different forms. So we’re not – we’re just – I can’t really answer the question because there’s not one project that we’re pursuing right now. And – like I said earlier, we think the opportunities – the greatest opportunities lie within Simon Property Group.
David Simon: Well, I mean I don’t know. I mean I know I wouldn’t be selling our stuff at a 7% cap rate. That’s all. I can only speak for myself.
David Simon: Yes. That’s – okay. That’s what I thought, but I want to make sure. So Reebok closed. SPARC bought the U.S. operations of Reebok at the end of February, if I remember correctly. And we think that will come out most of – it’s kind of – it probably will come out in the Q2, Q3. But it’s not really – it’s kind of a work in progress or when those operating losses will take hold. They incur certain operating losses, I should say, they, we. SPARC concurs. Certain operating losses is part of the deal and then they’re capped, and it really is just a function of when those come. It’s – but we know it’s limited to kind of the number that I gave to you – but that’s probably a Q2, Q3 event.
David Simon: 13 and change. And look, I can’t tell you how long it’s going to take a function of it is just marking leases to market. But it’s fortunate for us and our retailers that they’re profitable in our stores. And yet, at the same time, we can mark the rents up to market and be able to grow our business, too. So that’s what we’re trying to achieve.
David Simon: I think Tom can give you the exact numbers later, but I mean both trends are in the moving in the right direction. So Tom, to get you the actual numbers, but both are moving in the right direction. And I think that the gap between the two in a good market like we have now will narrow.
Brian McDade: Hey, Hey Rich, Brian here. So we did add some additional disclosure to our supplement to breakdown our income from an unconsolidated entities. As you can see the driver of the changes, our joint venture activity on our property side, including the performance of our international portfolio, which David highlighted in open remarks. 
Brian McDade: The $18 million was primarily from the excess investment of our – for the Tobin purchase. So this is net income, remember, Richard.
Brian McDade: Derek, the change is simply better performance out of our retailer investments in the first quarter of this year, relative to last year. There was still a lot of volatility still in the world. And there were definitely still closures throughout the U.S. specifically, California in the first quarter of last year. So the driver is just simply better performance out of the retailer investments.
Brian McDade: Got to ramp up, Michael. So they’ve got to actually incur the cost to have the – so it’s just going to take a little bit of time.
