Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 3% with good underlying momentum and benefits from increased demand related to COVID-19. We significantly increased our growth investments and improved our market positions. We had another strong quarter of achieving cost savings and returning cash to shareholders. And finally, while earnings were down as expected, we are increasing our full-year outlook. Now let's look at the details of our results, starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.7 billion. That's up 1% from year ago and includes a two-point drag from currency rates. Volumes were up 2% and the combined impact of changes in net selling prices and product mix increased sales by 1%. By segment, organic sales rose 10% in Consumer Tissue and 5% in Personal Care, but declined 15% in K-C Professional. Mike will talk more about our top-line and our market share performance in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.2%, up 40 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 2%. We had excellent cost savings performance in the quarter. Combined savings from our FORCE and restructuring programs totaled $140 million, including continued strong productivity improvements. Commodities were a benefit of $25 million in the quarter driven by pulp and other raw materials. Other manufacturing costs were higher year-on-year that included incremental costs related to COVID-19. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit by a high single digit rate in the quarter. Moving further down the P&L. Between the lines spending was 18.9% of sales. That's up 180 basis points and driven by a big step up in digital advertising. G&A also increased including capability-building investments and higher incentive compensation expenses. We expect between the lines spending will rise further sequentially in the fourth quarter. Our SG&A spending is typically high in the fourth quarter and this year we'll also have project activities that were temporarily delayed because of COVID-19. All in all, for the fourth quarter – for the third quarter, sorry, adjusted operating profit was down 6% and operating margin was 17.2%, down 130 basis points versus year ago. By segment, operating margins were up in Consumer Tissue and Healthy and Personal Care. K-C Professional margins were down significantly, including an approximate 600 basis-point drag from fixed costs under absorption. On the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.72 in the quarter, compared to $1.84 in the year-ago period. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $559 million compared to $886 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was as expected and driven by the timing of tax payments and higher working capital. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Third quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $560 million. And for the full year, we expect the total will be $2.15 billion. So let me now turn to the full year. The overall headline is that we're raising our top and bottom-line outlook. On the top-line, we now expect organic sales growth of 5% compared to our prior target of 4% to 5%. Through nine months, organic sales are up nearly 6% and we expect a solid fourth quarter. On average, we expect slightly less headwinds from currency rates than previously anticipated. In addition, we'll begin consolidating the Softex Indonesia business into our results on November 1 on a one-month lag. All in all, we expect net sales will grow 2% to 3% this year. That's one point better than our previous estimate. On the bottom-line, our new outlook is for adjusted earnings per share of $7.50 to $7.65. That represents year-on-year growth of 9% to 11%. Our prior outlook was for adjusted EPS of $7.40 to $7.60. The increase in our outlook is driven by improved top line, partially offset by higher incentive compensation expense and other manufacturing costs. Overall, I'm encouraged that we're improving our near-term outlook and investing significantly in the business for longer-term growth. I'll now turn it over the Mike.
Maria Henry: Sure. Lauren, I would say your spot on in how you're thinking about it. And while we don't give specifics on gross margin, when I tell you is that we had a nice improvement in Personal Care in the quarter and a very nice improvement in Consumer Tissue as you would expect on the organic sales in that segment being up 10%. The whole story here is around K-C Professional, which the gross margins were down meaningfully primarily driven by these other manufacturing costs. The 600 basis points on fixed cost absorption that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that's a meaningful dollar number and was a big contributor to why – are there manufacturing costs were up meaningfully in the quarter. So, you're right on with that.
Maria Henry: Yes, I think that’s exactly right. And I would not look at 2020 as a baseline year as we benefited from some onetime net positives from the effects on our business from the COVID situation. Next year as we look ahead mathematically that will be a challenging comps, but if you put the two years together on 2020 and 2021, I think, that’s probably a good way to look at it. And we are not coming off kind of K-C 2022 algorithm as this point.
Maria Henry: Yes, I think, what you are seeing is that in the second quarter, we had record levels of performance on the consumer side of the house. And so we had a big fixed cost absorption benefit coming from that. And that was offsetting the fix – the negative fixed cost absorption that we were experiencing in the K-C Professional business. As that has come down from the second quarter, our total fixed cost absorption for the company was negative in the third quarter driven by the professional business. And it just wasn't up by nearly as much in terms of a benefit on the consumer side of the house as it was in the second quarter. And so what you see in the third quarter on the margins is the impact of the volumes being down meaningfully in the K-C Professional business showing up on the total company P&L.
Maria Henry: The macro trends that are affecting the K-C Professional business are not likely to change from what they were in the third quarter. And as long as those volumes stay down, as people continue to work from home and as mobility is limited, I would expect to continue to have a negative fixed cost absorption impact coming through the P&L.
Maria Henry: Sure. Well, on the commodity side of house in the quarter, it was in line with our expectations overall. When I think about what's new from the last time we spoke in July, well recycled fiber is still inflationary, it was down from the peaks that we saw in the second quarter. On the other hand, resin-based materials are rising. And if I look at what happened in the quarter, our polymer costs increased double digits versus our expectation coming into the quarter. So we are seeing that oil-based commodities rise. And so that'll certainly be a factor exiting the year.  The other area that you mentioned is on our distribution costs, which are also a bit more inflationary than they were in the first half of the year. And that's due to the tighter capacity in the system. So those are kind of the big trends as I see them. As I look forward, Paul has been favorable, globally, year-on-year and it's been quite stable sequentially. If you look at the forward paths there, the forecasters are calling for it to rise, although they've been calling for that for a while. And so with COVID, I think, that gets pushed out a little bit. What else would I tell you? The other thing I'd call out is in the fourth quarter, overall commodities could be inflationary for us. And I think you see that kind of the outlook that we gave for the year where that $215 million benefit year-to-date, my current point of view on that is that we be at the midpoint of the range for the year, so commodities turning slightly inflationary in the fourth quarter, and as we head into next year.
Maria Henry: Yes, I think that that said, if I look at the drivers of the gross margin in third quarter, we've already commented on the differences by the three segments. But overall, the margin was up on volume mix benefit, continued price realization, strong cost savings still had some modest commodity deflation in the quarter. And the benefits of that were offset by the higher other manufacturing costs and currency headwinds. So that is it, there was no accounting change or any other unusual things going on that would have affected the results. Paul, I don't know if you have any additional color to add.
Maria Henry: Sure. On CapEx, it is higher than it previously had been driven by our global restructuring program. When we launched that program, we said that we would have $600 million to $700 million of incremental capital that we would be spending as we execute that program. And so that's what's driving the elevated CapEx. When I look at the number for the year, the range is 1.2 to 1.3. I believe we will come in there. I would comment that we have had some programs that were scheduled for this year, moving to next year, as there were COVID-related delays as people couldn't travel, people couldn't get into our manufacturing facilities for safety reasons. And we needed to keep our operations focused on producing products, given the elevated level of demand. Some of the 2020 projects have been pushed into 2021. And then we added some very attractive projects this year, that were enabled by COVID-related opportunities, particularly around PPE. So we're not giving a number yet for next year. But I would call out that we know that some of the programs that we're expecting to do this year are pushed into next year. We're in the midst of our planning process, as Mike mentioned. So we'll be evaluating the opportunities on CapEx both for growth capital and productivity capital. And as always, we'll be disciplined on that. But we also won't be shy about investing in our business if we have high return opportunities. But we'll have more to say in January.
Mike Hsu: Yes, sorry. I'll give you the high level and then Maria can give you a little bit more texture there. But I would say overall Lauren here's the – overall as the business was down about 15%, I would think – I think the business actually outperformed what mobility tells us what is the general kind of B-to-B environment, what that looks like. And so we feel good about the pivot that the teams are making to drive safety and wipers and masks. But the washroom business is significantly down. I think for us overall, maybe the big change between Q2 and Q3, a big impact was we knew we had deferred, maybe some of the volume impact in Q1 and Q2, and it may – it did come to realization in Q3, because I think that the market environment was soft in Q1 and Q2. But as we mentioned on those calls, there were distributors and end-users buying in and make sure that they had the right inventory when businesses were set to go back. And so we experienced some of that at the tail end of Q1, at the beginning of Q2. I think this does represent kind of a current run rate of where the market is. And I think it's better than kind of where the overall market is, but it's a pretty significant hit. And so it's affecting our – obviously we have high fixed costs, and so it's affecting our fixed absorption and other factors. But Maria, maybe you can give her a little bit more detail here.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think we're making very good progress on all those fronts, Lauren. In fact, we have added staff. We did announce that we are making some organizational changes to exactly do what you're saying, which is add more resources to where the growth areas are. And not only we're adding people resources, but we are making capital investments to support the growth and expansion of that business particularly in more advanced non-wovens capacity. So, I think we feel very good about where that is going. Our mask business is off to a very strong start. We just started shipping in Q3. And so we feel good about the trajectory of that business. We're launching, as I mentioned in my remarks, Scott 24-Hour relaunching in a different format. And we think that would be a very good offering for customers and end-users. And so we're excited about that as well. So we are going to be bringing more innovation. We think both in safety masks, wipers that there's a lot more room for more fundamental and innovation. And with our superior non-wovens technology, I think we feel like we can offer differentiated solutions. So we're looking forward to building that business.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Olivia. Yes. Overall, I would say, the organic was more driven by volume in the quarter. And so price mix combined overall for us up about a point. And I think that the dynamic that we saw in Q1 and Q2 is persisting. I thought – I think in Q3, which is that price has been in general, fairly neutral, mostly because in developed markets where there's been high demand. Our promotion intensity for the category and for our brands in particular have come down a bit. And so I think as demand remains elevated, we'll see this. There are some categories that we are seeing perhaps they return to more normalized promotion levels that that happens to be more in Personal Care at this point. And so I think the overall pricing environment, Olivia, I would say is generally constructive, but there are a few selected hotspots. We're seeing elevated promotions in adult care in North America in particular and promotions have increased a bit somewhat, I would say, in the Consumer Tissue business in Europe.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Olivia. Our North American diaper team is doing a fantastic job. And I think, when you peel the onion, there's no kind of secret bullet or silver bullet going on there. It's really very strong product offering lineup. And I think they've put very diligent efforts to improve the product offering and bring innovation. This year the big innovation was a new and improved, not going dry our tier 4 product on a shape diaper. That was a significant improvement versus our previous version. But when you take a great product performance with very strong marketing and strong digital investment, we feel like it's working very hard and they're working in great partnership with our customers with great retail plans. And so, we feel very good about it. The business overall was up low-double digits, despite the category being down a couple points overall. And our share was up as you can see in the Nielsen's. I would tell you that all outlet wasn't up as much because we had some promotion timing or promotion events that came out of the quarter versus prior year. But we feel very good about our momentum on that business, and we'll continue to bring strong innovation.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Dara, I'll start with North America. I think the last set of data that we had, which generally lags a year, Dara, would say that, the category birth rate was down about 1% which was an improvement over the prior couple of years which were down about two-ish percent. So I think that it was heading the right direction. We're reading the same articles. You may be reading about the category and there's all different kinds of productions including baby boom, because there's less to do and also decline because there's – the affordability is tougher. And so we're not seeing that yet. And thus far as I mentioned, the category has been off about 2% year-to-date. And so we're watching that very closely. Glad to say our performance has been better than that. And that's, as I just mentioned with Olivia because of the strong share performance and the strong product performance and marketing performance that we have in North America. I think in other markets, I would say it's – there's a lot of, it's a mixed bag across different markets. Certainly one of the big reasons why we made the acquisition of Softex was to bind to a market that was expanding on the cusp of strong income – household income growth in the population and strong birth rates and that's Indonesia, several of the markets that have that profile for us. In our bigger developed markets, we have seen somewhat of a slow down now in, for instance, South Korea, I think our team has done a great job rebuilding our share position. And so we've seen significant share gains, but the birth rates in South Korea continue to be a bit soft. So overall, I don't have a great view right now at this point is long-term effects of COVID. I will say the long-term math is our categories have a long runway of growth particularly in D&E markets, which is why we're continuing to invest to build our business there. The overall, Dara, is my theory would be, the categories less than a third developing D&E. And so we're going to continue to emphasizing and building that business.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I feel like – general, I think, I use the term generally constructive and I feel that way. I think there have been some hotspots. Hopefully I don't think they were talking about us because I think our promotion levels have been down and our percent sold on promotion has been down consistently through this year. And frankly, we feel good about driving volume through product innovation and advertising, particularly digital. And so that's kind of the direction we've been moving in, Steven. And I think it's working. I think when I say some hotspots, we are seeing some elevated promotions, actually from Proctor in adult care. And then in a few other categories, I think, that may be more driven by retailer strategies. But I wouldn't say – again, I think, it's still, I think, constructive. And we feel good about where it is right now. But we're keeping a close eye on it, obviously.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Okay. Good morning, Andre. Yes, let me start with the – maybe the consumption and shipments dynamic. I'll probably speak mostly about North America, as I think that's where kind of the big divergence has occurred through the first three quarters. In personal care, I'd say consumption and shipments have largely caught up. And so in the first quarter, there was a period where demand had kind of exceeded supply a bit on personal care. But I think most of that kind of reversed out during the second quarter. And I think overall our performance has been solid, and shipments have been strong, and kind of reflecting kind of where the consumption has been. I think in consumer tissue we've been working to catch up to demand all year. I think in the first quarter the category is up about 30%. And as you're well aware, and now consumer tissue businesses aren't geared to be able to ramp up at that speed. And so we have been working to restore customer inventory levels, we're making progress. In the third quarter, the category of tissue was up about 9%. That's an overall category number. And you can see on our numbers, we shipped 11. And so we shipped a little bit more than what was consumed with consumers. And that's restoring inventory levels. I think it will take us at least all of Q4 to get our customers back to the inventory positions on tissue that they really want to be at. So that's our point. And then with regard to global pricing, I wouldn't say – at this point, our plan is the hold pricing kind of where it is. There have been some changes I mentioned earlier in Europe, I think, pricing has come down a point or two and that's more reflecting of retailers wanting to get back to their promotion strategies. Similarly, in China, we are seeing a little bit more promotion activity. Again, that's not our strategy in China. And our strategy is to drive. And we feel like we're doing a very good job growing the business right now through strong product performance and digital advertising. So generally, our strategy has been as we articulated in K-C 2022, great innovation supported by strong executional capability. Promotion is not really the way that we want to earn business going forward.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Wendy, I do think overall, I think, the businesses are performing well, at least our data would suggest is kind of the B2B kind of activity, or general business environment for offices, and industrial, and travel and lodging, et cetera. And you're probably well aware of kind of where those are. But, generally the data that we say mobility data would tell us, those are generally up between 30% and 50%. Our business is down 15%, does reflect we're down 35% in the washroom business in North America. But overall, we were down 15% in North America, and that's because our wipers, and our safety business has really started to grow at double digit rates. And so I think we are pivoting to where the growth is right now, I think, the washroom business is where it's going to be at for a while. I mean, you can look at the projections for what the COVID inflection rates are going to do. There is going to – appears to be an acceleration in Q4, before it starts to come down sometime in Q1. And I do expect people to remain working from home for the next – for the foreseeable period into next year. And so I think, again, overall, I think, our professional business is outperforming what the environment says, but it is a pretty significant decline. And we're managing through it.
Mike Hsu: And so generally, I would say there has been a flight to quality, at least in North America, and generally in developed markets, I think, given the tough economic times. But, I think, we find typically, in times of uncertainty, that consumers look to the big brands for reliability. And so, I think, we're seeing that reflected in some of the numbers. Yes, the pricing environment, I think, it's no more than the typical, I would say, skirmishing that happens across channels and across retailers with price points. Some of that has been off less so this year overall, because of extreme focus on supply, and the reduction in promotions overall, but especially in tissue, I think, it's been lower levels. But I think with personal care, back kind of in in-stock positions across the industry, I'd say there has been more of a return to more normalized levels of promotion. And so it's no more than that.
Mike Hsu: Okay, well, thank you very much, everyone. I'm encouraged by our ability to manage through challenging additions and deliver healthy business results. And so we thank you for attending our conference call this morning.
