Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mike Hsu, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here's the agenda for our call. Maria will start with a review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. And we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website.  As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further information. And lastly, we'll be comparing our 2017 results to 2016 adjusted results, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. And now I'll turn it over to Maria.
Paul Alexander: Yes, I mean, I think that for the next 12 months -- or for 2018 specifically, as Tom said, we'll give you our planning assumptions in detail when we get to January. As he also referenced, if you looked at market forecasts right now, they would suggest inflation again next year.
Paul Alexander: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for your questions this morning. And we'll conclude with a short comment from Tom.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone, thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the third quarter. We continue to deliver earnings growth and returned to positive sales growth territory in a challenging environment. We achieved excellent cost savings and reduced our discretionary spending and we returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's look at the details, starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion, up 1% year-on-year. Organic sales rose slightly, and Tom will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, third quarter gross margin was 35.8%, that's down 60 basis points as input cost inflation and lower pricing more than offset our strong cost savings. Commodities were $115 million drag in the quarter, and we now expect full year inflation will be slightly above our previous estimate of $200 million to $300 million. This outlook includes somewhat higher cost estimates for pulp and polymer resin. Helping to offset that inflation, our teams continue to deliver significant FORCE cost savings, with third quarter savings of $125 million.  Moving down the P&L. Between-the-lines spending was down 60 basis points year-on-year. As we mentioned on our earnings call in July, we're tightly managing overhead and discretionary spending in this environment. Our third quarter operating margin was 18.4%, up 20 basis points year-on-year. I'm encouraged with the margin improvements we achieved in our Personal Care and K-C Professional business segments and in the developing and emerging markets overall. On the bottom line, third quarter earnings per share was $1.60, up 5% year-on-year. Lower equity income reduced earnings by about $0.03 per share, offset by a slightly better effective tax rate worth about the same amount.  Now let's turn to cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $805 million and in line with our expectations. Cash flow in the year-ago quarter was $948 million and included very strong working capital improvements. Our third quarter 2017 working capital cash conversion cycle was down 6 days compared to full year 2016. I'm pleased that our teams continue to make good progress in this important area. We're also managing capital spending even more tightly in this environment, and we expect that full year spending will be slightly below our $850 million to $950 million target range. On capital allocation, third quarter dividend payment and share repurchases totaled more than $500 million. We expect that the full year dividends and share repurchases will total $2.3 billion. That number includes $900 million of expected share repurchases.  Looking at the segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales fell approximately 2%. Organic sales were up 3% in developing and emerging markets but down elsewhere. Personal Care operating margins were 20.8% and up 100 basis points. The improvement was driven by cost savings and reduced between-the-lines spending. In consumer tissue, organic sales were up 2%, driven by North America. Consumer tissue operating margins were solid at 17.1%, although down 100 basis points. The results were impacted by higher input costs, mostly in pulp.  In K-C Professional, organic sales in the quarter were up 2%, with gains in all major geographies. K-C Professional operating margins were strong at 20.9%, up 130 basis points. That comparison included benefits from both sales growth and cost savings.  In summary, we continue to grow earnings in a difficult environment, we are tightly managing costs, working capital and capital spending and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways.  I'll now pass the call over to Tom.
Maria Henry: Yes, I just follow on Tom's comments that on the growth-oriented investments that we make, we pay a lot of attention to what the ROI is on those investments. And we continually monitor that to see, are we getting what we're expecting? And then we shift our investment dollars to the highest and best use, where the strongest ROI is, given the competitive environment and the category dynamics. On the overhead spending, that is an area where you always have room on discretionary expenditures. And when the top line is where it is and as we face inflationary pressures, it just makes sense to tighten our belt on discretionary items. And while we hope that all of our spending contributes value, there's a rank order of higher-value activities and lower-value activities. And we just pull back and eliminate the areas that, again, have a lower return to the overall profitability and success of the company. And so it's regular belt-tightening below the line and a really hard look at ROIs on the growth-oriented investments.
Maria Henry: Sure. In terms of our commodity purchases, what we say is that, generally, commodities- and energy-related spend is just under 50% of our cost of goods sold. And then within that, our largest single commodity buy is pulp, which is about 1/3 of that number. That will get you to about our pulp spend for the company. In terms of the inflationary pressures that we see, as I think Tom commented, it is stronger inflation than we were expecting. When you look at the fundamentals of demand and where we are in the cycle, we wouldn't expect it to be as high as it is. There is some supply constraints that seem to be in play here, so we'll have to work through that. The higher inflation is one of the drivers of getting even more aggressive on the overhead cost that we've been talking about in the third quarter. We're fortunate to have very strong performance on our FORCE cost savings delivering $125 million of savings against $115 million of inflation that we saw in the quarter. The teams have done a great job on the FORCE cost savings. We're now at about 4.1% of our cost of goods sold in savings delivery. And that has been up year-on-year for the last couple of years. And the teams continue to expand the lens that they look at to continue to drive productivity in our supply chain. In terms of the exact numbers and expectations on where we think the commodities are going, I'm going to ask Paul to kind of run you through.
Maria Henry: And at some point -- if you think about commodity inflation in a band, at some point, if it gets high enough, we expect that we will be able to get some pricing against it. It's just when you've got -- when you are where we are in terms of the inflation and the volatility around it, it's a little tougher to price. But if you look historically, after some inflection point on inflation, we're usually able to get some price in the market.
Maria Henry: Well again, I don't want to give a specific number on the outlook. I think our FORCE cost savings, we're in good shape to deliver the guidance that we gave for this year when you look at where we are in a year-to-date basis. I think broadly, we continue to believe we've got room to go on that program as we looked forward. So when we come back in January, we will give you our perspective on what we think on the cost savings versus the inflation estimate.
Maria Henry: Sure. Yes, on CapEx, it's -- we expect that it'll come in below our original guidance for the year. And the largest driver of that is with the lower sales for the year, we obviously aren't spending as much CapEx on growth capital. And as I talked about tightening up on discretionary spend and I talked about ROI focus on growth investments, we have that same discipline on our capital spending. And so not all projects are created equal. And we continue to invest in the high-return CapEx projects, particularly the ones that are helping deliver some of the FORCE cost savings that we've been recording. But overall, in the lower-growth environment, that reduces our CapEx spend along with a lot of discipline around the ROI and prioritizing where we are investing our CapEx.
Maria Henry: Sure. The FORCE cost savings are coming from a number of areas, and I'll kind of tick through them and then go deeper if you want to, Ali. On -- the first one is the savings that we're able to get from negotiating lower material prices with suppliers. The second one is we look to improve our productivity and waste across the system, particularly in our manufacturing operations. And there, it's things like driving OEE, eliminating waste through the whole process, going deep on lean manufacturing methodologies, things like that. The third area is overall driving down the spending across our manufacturing facilities. So that's in addition to the productivity of the equipment and the machines, it's just driving out any unnecessary spend in the facilities.  And finally, the fourth big area is around optimizing the cost of our product, specifications of our products. So our engineering teams are continually looking for ways to lower the cost of the product while maintaining or improving the performance and the quality of the products that we sell. So we've made significant progress in all of these areas this year and last year. And with the global supply chain team being in place, they're looking across all of those areas, plus logistics, to find ways to drive savings. And if you looked at the project list that make up what delivers the FORCE cost savings, you'd see hundreds of projects across the system globally that then add up to deliver those savings. There is specific examples we talked about in the personal care area, the strong cost savings. We've had a number of examples where we've been able to share best practices across the globe where one of our manufacturing facilities has optimized a way to drive cost out of the diaper, they share that across the system. And then other manufacturing locations implement those learnings and that helps us optimize the cost of our products. But it's really in those four areas, and there are many, many projects across the system with our teams working on that globally.
Ali Dibadj: I have a few questions. One is if you can talk about kind of the recent top line organic results you delivered in the context of the longer-term 3% to 5% organic range, and what you see is the gaps, whether it be particular geographies or particular business units that you need to close and, I guess, your comfort with that. That's the first question.
Ali Dibadj: And just on that, I mean if you think about all those drivers, are they going to get better in 2018 at this point? Or do you just have no visibility into that? Because it certainly doesn't -- it feels like it's a pretty far reach to get anywhere near the 3%, the 3% to 5% range, even next year.
Ali Dibadj: And then just if I may, just the last question. Given what we're seeing on private-label trends, what's your stance on manufacturing private label for other retailers than Costco? For example, Amazon.
Ali Dibadj: So am I. So two questions. One is, look, FORCE, for many of us, certainly me, continues to be a little bit of an abstract concept, right? So it's broad based, you're hearing lots of things. Can you maybe just give us...
Ali Dibadj: No, no, but I'm just trying to figure out, can you just give us 2 or 3 specific examples that make up FORCE? I mean, is it a big project? Is it -- just if you could give us just something concrete that turns into the concrete dollars this year or something. Just maybe just to help guys think -- to think about it.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. I think a couple of comments, first on overall category growth. When you've got the birthrate going negative in big markets like the U.S. and major negative in South Korea, we'd guess the birthrate's down 7% to 9% year-to-date in Korea, which we have a hard time explaining to be honest, and don't think that's sustainable. On the other hand, it is what it is and those babies aren't born this year and they won't be in the category next year or the year after that. So category weakness is certainly there in a couple of big markets. And then we had negative 1 price, which is pretty similar in the first half and the third quarter as you had pricing that went in as a result of currency in some places like Russia and Brazil last year that's coming out as those currencies have turned around and a generally more competitive price environment, even in markets like the U.S., as the same number of competitors are chasing lower growth or lower category. So we still think the 3% to 5% is the right long-term growth opportunity. We've got good growth as emerging markets develop. But I'd say, certainly this year, that has been tough to go find.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we'll give you '18 guidance in January, but I'd say your instinct is right, that it -- we don't -- we're not planning for it to snap back. We would expect -- I mean again, the babies that aren't born this year aren't going to be in the diaper category next year either. So and I think, as we understand, much of it is a millennial thing, where they're having kids a little later. Is there -- what else is going on in Korea that might be affecting it? What's the path forward as to how those recover? Those are all things that we'll be looking at. But again, I would expect it's going to be another challenging year from a growth standpoint in 2018. At least that's what we're planning for at this stage.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we do, do private label for a number of retailers and across several categories and have for a long, long time. We don't usually talk about it very much, and it is a very small part of our business. It's less than 5% of our overall sales.
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, we -- well, I mean, I think there isn't much private label in e-commerce today. And so we really are focusing on building our branded business and e-comm across our categories and in many key markets around the world, China and Korea, especially, where it's exploded. And it is where a lot of the category is taking place.
Thomas Falk: Let me give you a couple of headlines and let Maria give you a little bit more detail. I mean, first of all, I mean, there has been some shift out of advertising and digital couponing that you guys don't see because the digital coupon value is a reduction of gross sales to get the net sales and it kind of shows up in our price calculation as we give you the analysis of change in sales. So part of that negative 1 point of price is more digital coupons, and we spent a little bit less advertising. The other -- if you've got low birthrates in markets like the U.S. and Korea, more advertising isn't necessarily going to help you stimulate category demand. I mean, it could be a share play that you really felt like you could influence it. But in this kind of environment, we also said being sharp and competitive on price is even more important, so we've probably invested a little bit more there. And then the cost cutting between the lines is, I think, kind of a normal belt-tightening you do in a tough year, but I'll let Maria give you a little bit more detail on how we've thought about that.
Thomas Falk: So good, deep philosophical questions there. I'd say one thing. As you look at the Nielsen data, the private label is probably somewhat overstated because it doesn't include growing parts of the category, particularly e-commerce where there's really, really very little private label at this point, particularly in the U.S. And we saw a little bit of spike in the quarter in private label in a couple of places, in particular, markets that were probably hurricane relief-related. So if you're going to donate diapers, you may go buy private-label diapers to do it. But we'll see how that resolves as the quarter rolls forward. But at a larger view of your question, we would say that, yes, you've got to have both winning products and you've got to be price-competitive going forward. And so I don't think that's going to change. And so we know that the prices are probably -- you're not going to get an annual price increase every year, although we haven't operated that way for a long, long time, but we are expecting lots of good local competition as well as global competition that's going to make a price competitive market. So I don't know, Mike, if there's anything you want to add to that.
Thomas Falk: Some of the pulp price increase, really quite honestly, if you look at supply/demand model, you wouldn't have predicted it would be as high as it is. So our -- another RISI forecast stated that it's going to be higher in '18. And yet you again say it's hard to believe that under the supply and demand fundamentals, it's going to be there. It's harder to price off that if you're not sure that the commodity increase is real and enduring.
Thomas Falk: Still, looking at the part of it -- so our toughest comp of the year in China volume was against third quarter last year. So it's up against a pretty strong growth number. And so overall, yes, we're making progress there. It's a challenging competitive set, but we're pretty happy with what we've got going on. And our femcare business in China has taken off, and that grew strong double digits and kind of picked up the slack a little bit this quarter.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Maybe I'll take a couple of those and then give Mike the bulk of the China question. So I guess first of all, we didn't really call out destocking as an issue in our volume change. So I mean, a good chunk of our business in China is e-commerce and there's not a lot of inventory shift through that channel. And then second, on CapEx, I don't know, Maria, if you want to comment on CapEx before Mike gives you a little deeper answer on...
Thomas Falk: And then on China, Mike can give you a little more detail on what's going on in pants, we've been there for a long time in multiple tiers, we're doing diaper-pants in lots of places. But maybe just give her a little more color in that.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I'll let Mike unpack this a little bit more. It is a mixed bag where you're seeing decent category trends in tissue and adult care and things like that, and diapers is more of a birthrate phenomena. But Mike, maybe you want to go a little deeper on that.
Thomas Falk: Yes, maybe just I'll start and then let Mike build on it. I mean, I would say in China, it's the -- when we talk about Tier 3s, it's not Tier 3 cities, it's Tier 3 in the category, kind of the middle of the category, the mid-priced performance. Not the low end, but the kind of the middle. A lot of it is coming in through e-commerce, which essentially makes it a little bit easier to get on the unlimited shelf. And if you get trial, you can pick up a share point. And so you do see more entrepreneurial local players that sell a decent-enough-performing diaper and do it through e-comm, where they can get some attention and some trial. And it's probably too early to see what the repeat is. I'd say in other markets, we probably haven't seen as much of that phenomena. You've got some local players like CMPC in Latin America that are emerging in a lot of places. But I would say China has been the one where you've seen more of a resurgence of smaller local players. And that's mostly happened this year, I would say.
Thomas Falk: Yes, maybe the only thing organizationally is we are organized, where we're the local market leaders, own the response to any local competition. So the team running the China business, they're accountable for developing the strategies to deal with whatever kind of competition is in front of them. There's a global organization around to help them. But they're there on the front line every day and deciding what to do, what to launch, how to promote or what channels to go after it.
Thomas Falk: So it varies widely across businesses. So if you looked at OEE for our tissue machine, it would be very high because it's a baseload asset that runs 24/7. If you looked at an OEE for a diaper machine, it would be much lower because you've got lots of stops and material changes and grade changes and things like that. And so I think for us, it's -- we would measure OEE for every diaper machine in the system and there's still a pretty good delta between the best-performing machine and the worst-performing machine. And the good news is, with a lot of the work that we're doing, our best-performing machines are getting better at about the same rate as our worst-performing machines. And so we do see lots of opportunity yet on productivity to continue to get best-in-class.
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's fair. We're not satisfied with our market shares this year. We're up in about 40% of the country category intersections that we track, that are the biggest ones. And our goal for the year is to be up in at least half. So we're tracking below goal. North America's probably been the one that has had the toughest hit, given the first half results that we've had. We expect them to finish a little stronger. But I don't know, Mike, if you want to give any more color on other areas you're thinking but from a market share standpoint.
Thomas Falk: Yes, if you looked at our three-month shares versus our year-to-date shares, our trend is a little better sequentially, but we're still not satisfied.
Thomas Falk: Well, once again, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. And we'll continue to do everything we can to deliver good shareholder value over the long term. Thanks very much.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Wendy, it's Mike. Yes, we're probably balanced, but we're probably -- the growing part of our business has been the premium business, but we're generally balanced overall. We have a good position in Tier 3, but also Tier 4 and 5. And the growth has been more out of the premium side of our business, and that's where we're driving more of our business. Our performance overall in China this quarter, I think as Tom mentioned, the organic was even versus -- or similar to versus year-ago. But we're very confident in our business there long term. It's obviously the world's largest diaper market. We've got a great team with great technology and we like our position there.
Michael Hsu: No, no, I think it is an interesting observation you make, Jason, though, that with the cost inflation, seeing the pricing pressure in some of the markets isn't what you normally see. And so again, I think we're preparing ourselves to operate effectively in that environment and be able to grow profitably in that kind of a marketplace. But obviously, that's not our preference.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think, Kevin -- I think it largely -- probably competitive environment. Obviously, that I think the birthrate, particularly in the U.S. and South Korea, has been known for a while, probably larger than what we where we were expecting previously. But I think the competitive environments continues to be active out there, particularly in North America. I think what you are going to see is that we are expecting to see our performance improve, particularly in the U.S. and North America, as we finish out the year from a promotional perspective. We've fine-tuned our promotion plans. I think we are seeing some of that reflection at the shelf now, and we're expecting better performance there.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren, volume was down in China, particularly in diapers. I think mix was favorable. And the pricing environment has probably stabilized versus Q2 and pretty much on kind of what our annual assumption of it at the beginning of the year. I think what's going on is probably, the volume, has been a little bit more competition chasing the world's largest market. And what's probably been different about maybe the recent quarters is a little more pickup from local Chinese players. We probably lost a little volume in our Tier 3 business, or our mid-tier business, versus our premium business. So I would say we recognize our -- competitive launch by P&G is out there, that probably hasn't affected our business as much at this point, but it's been more some local players picking up trial.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren, I think we're excited about our femcare business. Globally, I think it presents a very significant opportunity for us to both expand consumption and/or distribution. In Brazil, specifically, femcare was up strong double digits. Overall organic sales in Brazil were even. Year-on-year, kind of a different story though. Volume's up pretty strongly, femcare up double digits, as I said. And diapers was up mid-single digits. But a little bit offset by a decline in net selling prices. I do think the economic conditions in Brazil are -- we're seeing some green shoots. Maybe a touch, a tick up in consumer confidence hasn't really translated to overall category demand yet. But I do think the team is executing much better in Brazil. We've got the right price pack architecture in place, improvements are in our product offering. And I think we're poised to grow when the market continues [indiscernible].
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think perhaps maybe, Lauren, I would say those statements are partially true. Which is, hey, these are high-traffic-building categories and so retailers invest a lot behind them. But I think it's also true that we're seeing though, that we believe a lot of it is competitive spending. And I think you can see it maybe in some of the other numbers that are out there. And so I think it's a little bit of both. As I said maybe in July, we weren't happy with our first half performance in the U.S. We did have to fine-tune our promotional personal approach. I think the team has made steps, particularly in family care, which as Tom mentioned, was up over 3% organically and volume was up about 5%. So I think they've made very good progress on that, improving their in-store execution. And we're doing the same in our personal care businesses. And we're expecting to see better progress.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea. So to your question on pricing, I think the pricing environment is largely consistent with what we assumed at the beginning of the year. So pricing is less negative in 2017, but still down slightly versus 2016. The promotion environment remains pretty competitive and we're kind of assuming kind of it's going to stay at this level for a while. And pricing in Q3 was comparable to where it was in Q4. Our teams have made a lot of progress, notably on the cost front. And so while the pricing has come down over the last couple of years, our gross margins are performing very well. And so the team's doing a very good job there. I think the issue in the quarter for us on volume was more competitive issue around maybe some local competitors, primarily in Tier 3, picking up some volume and some trial at the mid tiers.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe there are a couple of things. And as it pertains to our categories, across all of our categories, the average -- the category volume is down 1%. So I think down slightly. Bath tissue, the consumer tissue side, I'd say largely on track with where it's been. I think the decline has been in the diaper business, which, as Tom mentioned earlier, driven, we believe, by a reduction in births, right? The birthrate was down in the first quarter of 2017, down about 3%. So I do think the consumer -- if you read all the things we read, continues to be under stress. But there has been a different phenomenon in maybe the diaper business, which is a large business for us, which has probably driven down some of our consumption.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I think certainly, we're always looking to do better on innovation. We do have some strong innovation this year, notably in the U.S. I think in the recent quarters, been improvements in adult and femcare with Depend mainline absorbency improvement. And in China, an improvement in our Tier 5 diaper performance. So I think we've got some pretty good in the market this year. We're looking to probably improve it even further next year. And we're excited about some of those launches. But I think we're going to come back and talk more about those in January.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Nik. And I don't think I have any blinding insight in terms of what you do about it. But I would say it comes back to the basics at how we run our business, which is better innovation. And I think we're customizing and tailoring our innovation to make sure that we're performing and competing effectively against all competitors on all tiers. And so I think we have some ideas that we're going to do -- working on to strengthen our performance of our products. And then also investing more behind our brands. And we think Huggies is positioned very well in all markets, particularly in China. And we like our positioning there and we'll invest more behind the Huggies brand to build that business, is what we're going to do.
Michael Hsu: No, I mean, it's a great area to pick at, Ali. It's an area that we're clearly not happy about. And that we're trying to make sure that we run the business and make sure we find the right investment behind the brands, be able to grow profitably. And we're doing that. I think we made some progress in family care. Not declaring victory because we're just taking the next step in the right direction. But we're trying to grow our shares, grow our business and then grow our profit at the same time.
