Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. I'd say -- we would say we took share in most of the emerging markets at the kind of growth levels that we saw. In a market like Latin America, for example, where we're up 25% in Personal Care, I mean, we've gotten most of the distribution in place that we need there. So there's some places in Brazil that we're expanding. In the Northeast, that's sort of new territory for us. But other than that, we're pretty fully penetrated. Russia, we've got great distribution in and around the Moscow region, but we're expanding more to the East and into the balance of the country. But we also would say we had some share gains behind innovation there. China was the one that was -- is a big number. And I think we went from, I think, 72 cities at the end of last year to 80 cities now. So part of it is distribution-related. But we also have moved into Tier 3. So we're expanding our offering, and we're just in the process of launching diaper-pants. So there's probably a little bit of pipeline fill there. So yes, some share growth, but a lot of innovation and some distribution expansion. And it's tough to break those down, but I'd say, probably in China in particular, was more -- we were expanding into new categories and new markets, and Latin America was probably more of share growth.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd be guessing. I would say it doesn't sound wildly out of bounds, but we don't have good data to really track it at that level of detail.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, on the margin front, we saw some good margin improvement from KCP as well. So we saw double-digit profit growth in many of these markets as well. So good cost savings performance, good price realization, probably nearly half of the price realization in dollar terms from a total corporate standpoint was in K-C International. So yes, no, they're off to a good start this year on top line and bottom line.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, each of our teams around the world, we really own the P&Ls on a geographic basis. So they'd put together a plan. They'd work with our global brand teams to make sure that we're resourcing the plan in the right way, and that we're looking at the relative ROI in each of these markets and the opportunity there. We have a series of global planning sessions where we work through and say, "Yes, this one makes sense, this one, you need to go do a little bit more work" and rinse through that as just part of our ongoing business planning process. And so, as you can imagine, it's a mixture of some center view of the market and some local view of the opportunity. And those usually come together in a business plan that then we go execute.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we do, do it at that level, but there isn't a big calculator at corporate that's got that level of scientific view. So you look at China and say the opportunity is huge. And so the question is, how can we go even faster? Then you know that -- you don't look at a 1-year payback and compare that around the world. It's what's your relative competitive position, what's the strength of your innovation, what's it going to take to communicate that message to the consumer. And you look at those opportunities and decide which of the opportunity set that you have balances against your strategy and attack those.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think -- we're 3 months into the year. So it's relatively early in the plan. There's still lots of things to worry about and lots of competitive activity happening in the marketplace. If you look at the earnings beat, $0.03 of it was really related to a little lower effective rate. That was in our guidance for the full year. It's just that the individual settlement happened in the first quarter. So if you looked at it from that standpoint, on a normalized tax rate, we're not that far ahead of what we said. And so I still think it's the right level of guidance. If we're sitting here 3 months from now and things -- the momentum continues, we'll take another look at that and give you an update at that point.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Well, sure, I mean, in fem care, P&G has got a major relaunch coming in the U.S. In diapers, they've got a relaunch coming midyear, and they've got a big Olympic program in the third quarter. They're going to drive that globally. So yes, there's plenty of stuff to react to, and we are off to a good start. We're encouraged by that. We're certainly going to keep -- I mean, my goal, Alice, is to deliver terrific results and not necessarily be the most accurate forecaster that you've ever had.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. No, I think the first quarter is probably a little easier comp for us. So we're -- the growth rate looked a little bit better from that standpoint. But we had a little lighter first quarter last year. So that's probably part of it. I'd say in emerging markets, the momentum has been pretty good. And so we're seeing that continue and even accelerate a bit. We've got more investment behind it, more innovation happening in the first quarter than we had in the fourth quarter. And we'd expect that pace to continue as the year rolls out. It's also encouraging to see some of our investment businesses like adult care and baby wipes that really have been predominantly North American businesses. We're investing in those. We're putting the right resources behind them. And we're seeing those really start to take off in emerging markets. And I think we're still very early days on that front. And in Europe, what we're seeing right now is it's a very competitive market and Tesco's had some challenges in their home market in the U.K. They're wanting to promote and drive foot traffic heavily. That's part of what helped our business in the diaper side, in particular, in the first quarter. Tissue is a little soft in Europe. And as we were trying to take a little bit of price increase and the category wasn't moving. So we lost a little bit of momentum on Andrex in the first quarter but are looking to get that back. Southern Europe, particularly Italy, you've got retailers advertising private label pricing right now and really talking about the economic crisis and how consumers have to be cautious. So there's a lot more promotion spending in the marketplace. And that's showing up in some of the negative price. And we're getting some positive volume lift from that, which is good. But it comes at a cost.
Thomas J. Falk: We have some. A small amount of our sales -- less than 10% of our sales in Europe is private label. And we picked up a couple of additional contracts, and you saw that in some of the volume numbers in the quarter. But not a big factor in our overall effort at this stage.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that if the birthrate doesn't recover, I think that'll be tough because consumers are pretty much using 5 diapers a day. And if they don't have babies being born, that's going to fall off. I think as we look at the U.S. birthrate, at least, and look at some of the underlying causals being employment rate, household formation, you're even seeing it in some of the housing data that's starting to emerge, there are some reasons to believe that the birthrate will turn from being slightly negative to slightly positive later this year. The category in the U.S. will still be down a couple of percent just because of the fact that over the last several years, the birthrate's been down. And so as those children are still in diapers this year, we won't have the benefit of their participation in the category. But we would think, going forward, the birthrate starts to turn neutral or slightly positive. Again, the big growth story is going to be K-C International, where the category penetration is quite low and there's a big opportunity there as the category builds out.
Thomas J. Falk: We were up in 5 out of 8 -- up or flat in 5 out of 8 year-over-year. And if you look sequentially, we were up or flat in 7 out of 8. And so in diapers in particular, we were relatively flat sequentially and year-over-year.
Thomas J. Falk: Bill, they don't let accountants like me name anything. We have a whole army of marketing people that do a fantastic job of that. And I'm sure in Portuguese, it's a fantastic expression that consumers love.
Thomas J. Falk: No, not that I know of. Somebody pointed that out to me, and I said, "Oh, yes, it was leap year this year." I don't know. We probably had an extra shipping day somewhere, but I don't think that was a big enough factor to drive anything significant.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, although you look at it sequentially, and the margin was up nicely. And so a good chunk of the sequential improvement was price realization, particularly in North America. And a good chunk of the commodity cost, the oil-based inflation, did hit Personal Care, a good -- a fair amount of that in emerging markets. So they were able to get price to offset some of that so...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, what you saw there was positive price, really positive mix and negative volume. And part of that is how we count unit volume. So as we de-sheet and put shelfs, is one way we get price. We show that as positive price and negative volume. And so we've been driving that business to drive mix shift and sell more premium products and move from one-ply commodity to two-ply premium around the world. And you really saw that come through with the numbers. So it really sort of belies the progress we're making in terms of consumer share by those statistics. But we've been doing it that way from a -- consistently. And so we just try to be transparent on what's actually happening.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think KCP usually starts out a little slow just because some distributors will take a little bit more inventory before the end of the year just so they've got -- to tide them over. And so -- but I'd say things have been picking up throughout the quarter. And we had some distributors in recently and they were pretty bullish on their outlook this year in the U.S. market. So they were talking about high single-digit, low double-digit growth, pretty broad geographic distribution in the U.S. You're starting to see it in office buildings and lodging, and some of the occupancy rates are ticking up a bit. I'd say manufacturing is an area that's been a little slow that's starting to pick up as you're seeing more employment there, but still some room to go there. And we've had some innovation that we're out talking about as well. So part of it has been positive as we're out talking about a healthy workplace and with some new dispenser programs and things like that in that market. So we're feeling pretty good about KCP.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, our outlook for it is in the, what, $2.00 and change -- $2.25. And we're partly hedged. As you know, we were probably 60% hedged last quarter. And we've got hedges in place on a rolling basis for the next several quarters. So we don't get the full benefit of that. But for every full dollar per MMBTU that gas changes, it's about $16 million in operating profit in North America, and -- just from a rule of thumb standpoint.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, most of the ROI [ph] stuff is polymer. And you're seeing it in some of the shortages of things that are popping up. You saw it in the gasoline market in the first quarter, and it's just been real volatile. And I think if you look at a lot of the resin pricing that we buy, that's probably been the biggest single driver and expect that to tick up a bit in the second quarter. Pulp is expected to move up. We've seen a couple of moves already. That'll probably be the biggest dollar impact on some of the sequential changes. And there's a question, will -- there's some expected pulp capacity in Brazil that's supposed to start up later this year. Whether or not that happens is still, I think, weighing on the market.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we saw -- we've seen eucalyptus price went up, I think it was $70 a ton in the market last month, and they're talking about another price increase coming up in May or June. So there is some upward movement on pulp price. On the other hand, we'd say secondary fiber price has been a little softer than we expected. So we'll see. A lot of it depends on Asian buying and what happens there. And if the Chinese are not in the market, you could see a little sloppier pulp market in the second quarter. We'll see.
Thomas J. Falk: As we talked on the last call, some of the activity in the fourth quarter, we believe was related to our launch of Diaper-Pants and our competitors were responding to protect, as they would typically do, in a major launch situation, as we would do if it was the other way around. And so some of that rolled off. And in the first quarter, we were pleased to see where we got really no price realization in North America in the fourth quarter, we had a couple of points of price realization in the first quarter. So that's a positive sign. The price increase appears to be in place across all the major retail channels in North America. There's still a fair amount of promotional activity out there, but it is a reduced rate from where it was in the fourth quarter. So we feel pretty optimistic about how it moves from here. And there's lots -- we got innovative products in the marketplace with our mainline Huggies. We got more innovation coming, so does P&G. So -- but the good news for CEO mom is that there'll be lots of news in the diaper category over the next couple of quarters, and then that makes it that much more challenging for private label and others in the category.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, it's a terrific category still, and it's a very good category for the retailer. Now the reality of it is, we have 3 years of a declining birthrate that totaled close to 8% decline in live births in the U.S. That's essentially piled up in the training pant category, because that's about where toilet training occurs, is around age between 2.5 and 3.5. And so we've gotten good visibility on that with our retail customers. We're driving lots of innovation. We're launching some new products around that space. We got a terrific GoodNites business that's in that space in the aisle. We're launching a new GoodNites bed mat that'll be out there for overnight use for children in that space. And so I think while everybody would like it to grow faster, they also understand the reality of what's happened in the demographics for the near term.
Thomas J. Falk: Not really. I mean, I think the pricing has gone in, and the -- as high as pulp got, we never really even fully recovered the highest level of pulp price in the finished product selling prices. And so I think there's a sense that we're still probably behind from where we were. So I think so far, again, that market has been relatively rational as well in the near term.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say ballpark, we were around 17 for the full year. I would think we'll be around 17 as the right target for 2012. We would say we're in that ballpark.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think so. I'm not -- we took price in facial tissue through sheet count change. And so it is kind of a complicated question. So I'm not sure you'd see it at every account, but we have seen it in some accounts.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's probably right. We talked about that in the last call where we had -- we took the full hit of the pantry low. And we usually don't even see that much of the pantry destocking effect of lower count. And so probably our volume was more reflective of what's actually happening in the category in the first quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I would think that most of the pantry and retailer ordering pattern stuff should be flushed through by now.
Thomas J. Falk: A little bit of both. Actually both brands had a pretty solid first quarter. So that was encouraging to see.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think shelf space, I think, as you know, many of the retailers, some large ones in particular, had gone to a much more streamlined shelf set. I think much of that has been rolled back as the consumers wanted to have a bit more selection. We've had a terrific creative campaign with Mike Rowe behind Viva, and that's really resonated well and driven a lot of interest in the brand. We've had some innovation in news as well and that -- all of the collection of that has led to better volume and results.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, we're already in a lot of markets already. But I'd say if you looked at Russia, China, would be -- and maybe India, would be the new growth platforms over time that we'd be looking at, where we're maybe not as well represented. Latin America, we've got a pretty good-size business, but we're really putting more dedicated resource against it and driving it. I don't know, Paul, if you've got a geographic split of that in terms of emerging markets versus developed markets but...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and so that would compare to 37% of the total company. So it's a little underweight. And on Health Care, it would be even more underweight. So that just gives you some sort of perspective on it.
Thomas J. Falk: Latin America will be the biggest piece, reflecting the strong footprint we have in Latin America. We've got a lot more tissue in Latin America and that tends to be a good host to get some of our KCP business started. But we've got a terrific lineup of safety products and wipers that we're taking to global manufacturers around the world. So we can go to Ford or we can go to any other big company and say, "We can give you the exact same wiper solution to drive a consistent manufacturing process in every one of your facilities around the world." There is really no other company in this space that can do that today.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, it's pretty proportional to the size of the business. So you'd say, KCI got at least its fair share and probably Personal Care was a little heavier than tissue, which would reflect the launch of innovation, both in North America and in emerging markets.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the total cost savings from all of our restructuring in the quarter was about $5 million. And so within that, I think some of the advantage of that would be reflected. So not big. And it was about a 1-point drag overall for the lost sales.
Thomas J. Falk: I think you might be looking at 3-outlet data, because if we look at all outlet data, I'd say private label shares were down 1.1 points sequentially and they're down 6/10 of a point year-over-year in infant care, and this would be diapers.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think we would like to. We watch the relative price gaps versus private label. Usually, there's about a 6-month lag between when price goes in on branded products and when private label pricing takes place. So that's something that we will be watching to see what happens in the second quarter, if there is a price movement in private label or not. And so -- but I think, it looks like at this point, across the branded players, the price increase has gone in across all of the major retail outlets.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, I'll tell you, it was a very good quarter. So it's been above where we've been. But I also think we've got an aggressive plan put together. And it was a little ahead of plan, but it wasn't a lot ahead of our expectation.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, if I look at that strategic A&P relative to sales, we -- if you go back to like 2010, we were at a higher rate than we were in 2011. And if you look at our first quarter numbers, we're kind of coming back up close to those 2010 levels. And so I'd say that's probably the right -- more medium-term aspiration is how do we get back on the trend line to have a P&L where we're delivering innovative margin accretive growth and are able to reinvest in strategic A&P to build brands around the world. And so I'd expect to see, as we said on our January call, a faster level of growth in A&P this year than sales growth. And the first quarter was certainly representative of that. But you will have a pretty strong first half spend rate, and then we'll see how things progress in the second half and give you a better look at that in July.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, they were asking about the U.S. economy, and we've been with some KCP distributors recently that were North American-based. And these are folks that would sell to medium-size businesses, would be in the lodging, office supply, even some manufacturing space. And these are some of our best customers. So these are folks that are really doing great things. And they're expecting high single-digit, double-digit growth, had a solid start to the year. And so they were more optimistic. I think, the question was related to, "Are you concerned about the U.S. economy?" And certainly, there's plenty of things to worry about. But there's also some signs of growth that are happening here.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's great. Venezuela is a very low single-digit percentage of our sales and profits. I think last year, we announced it was 1% of sales and it was 3% of profits. We're in that ballpark kind of range, is our expectation as to where that can be. And price control went in. And we were on the list. We've worked through with our customers and with the government on how that's going to be executed in the marketplace. And our team is in the process of -- or it's in place. It was effective April 1. And so, our primary concern is to make sure that we can serve our consumers and our customers. So we want to make sure moms have diapers and our consumers have fem care products and bath tissue and facial tissue and all the things that they need to take care of their family. And we want to do that in a way that complies with the rules that the Venezuelan government has passed down. So I think we said, in my remarks, that the first quarter was a little bit more positive than we're going to see in the remaining 3 quarters, but it's still going to be a profitable business for us. And it's one that we're managing carefully. Obviously, getting foreign exchange to be able to pay the bills for imported raw materials and for imported finished product is key, and that supply of foreign exchange has been uneven at times. And so that'll be a key to our back half plan so that we can continue to operate the business successfully.
Thomas J. Falk: I think the price change varied by category. In some cases, it was double digits. In some cases, it was less than that. And I think, like anywhere else we operate, Connie, I mean, our goal is to fully comply with whatever the rules are in the country. And if we can't operate there and make money, then we'll re-evaluate why we're there. But we want to make sure that we're complying. We assume that the government will put compliance measures in place. But I think our goal is to make sure we're in compliance. And then we'll let somebody else worry about if they can get away with playing games with the price list.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's great. Yes, on your first question, I'd say our growth isn't that much higher in our outlook than planned, and I think we'd attribute the same level of overall inflation assumption to a significant change in margin. I mean, it probably would be 10 basis points or less kind of thing. So broadly, I'd say we're a little bit ahead of volume. That should give us some leverage on the operating side. Obviously, if you're putting more high-cost materials through, you'd have potentially more inflation. But our inflation guidance for the year was plus or minus $50 million. So we're pretty close to a neutral cost perspective from a inflation standpoint. So I don't see a big gross margin impact relative to inflation materials related to our higher volume. So on that side. On the second question, on the channel fragmentation issue and the growth of e-commerce, and clearly, I mean, point-of-market entry is a key strategic entry point for the category. So we want to own that in every channel. And then, obviously, the subscription services for moms that are on diapers.com and Amazon and others, you absolutely want to be a part of that. You want to -- that's from a marketing standpoint. A key strategy is to make sure you have the consumer signed up and you make it just an easy choice for her to want to buy your brand. And so we're making sure we're focused on that and getting at least our fair share of consumers in that space. And we're putting more resources against e-commerce, both with our pure play e-commerce customers, as well as with our bricks-and-mortar retailers that also have e-commerce activities to make sure we're getting our fair share of that growing channel. I think there's also key events in a consumer's diapering experience around size change, where they'll sometimes will try a competitive product. And so we want to make sure we're relevant and have the right offer in place at those key moments as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, absolutely. You want to look at the total ROI of the whole channel, including trade funding. And so I think everybody's looking at it that way and making sure that -- and quite honestly, moms are pretty savvy shoppers. And you're finding more consumers than ever that are taking their smartphone to the store and scanning the bar code and finding out what the price is online relative to in the store. And so there's greater price transparency of that on every category these days including ours.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I can give you a little bit of color about that, Javier, and I'd say the growth in all 3 is going to be a step up from where we were in the fourth quarter. Paul may have more precise data but...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. So -- but it's up another gear from that. And if I looked at the 3 of them, I'd say in China it's probably more driven by new distribution, but also going into new segments of the category. So going -- adding a Tier 3 diaper, which is the biggest segment in China, we were really only there in the Super Premium area. We've now gone into the mainline part of the category. So that's -- it's not so much the new cities, it's that we're now swimming in the widest part of the river here. And so we've got more growth from that on top of the new cities, and then adding some innovation like diaper pants. So China is probably more -- we're expanding in other parts of the category and expanding geographically. In Russia, we had a improved -- diaper product improvement going in place. And so that's probably more innovation-driven than new distribution-driven, I would say. And Brazil would probably be a similar story to Russia. We've had some good innovation coming on fem care and diapers. We are expanding into the northeast part of the country, which is more new geography for us. But I think the bigger part of the growth in Brazil is going to come from innovation than from geographic expansion.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think it's probably too early for us to really have enough good data and analytics to give you an accurate answer to that. But I would also say the rise in consumerism across emerging markets has been an ongoing trend. And despite what you might read about it, if China is slowing down from 10% to 8%, that's still a pretty aggressive growth rate. And their incomes are improving. And they're wanting more and more of the types of products that we make and sell in those markets.
Thomas J. Falk: No. Our volume was down mid single digits in the U.S., and we realize price and toss that part of that. And our share, I think, was up 3/10 of a point sequentially, and it was down 2/10 of a point year-over-year by our all-outlet measure. So that was flat [ph] overall.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, the child care, the category, is down, and our volume was down high-single digits. Our shares in child care were up 7/10 sequentially and down a couple of points year-over-year.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that would probably be a little higher than expectation. But we'd said it would grow faster than sales. And we want to try to get it back on the trend line that we have been on through the 2010 numbers. We took a little step back in 2011. So you'll see a nice uptick at a faster pace than sales, but maybe not quite to the level of multiplying by 4.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, well, I mean, I think we're actually more optimistic about the overall tissue operating rate. I mean, there's been a lot of capacity that's gone out of the market, including our Everett mill is now down. And that was 175,000 tons that's out of the market. We will be taking some capacity out of Chester. Some of the other competitors have done so as well. So we actually have seen the tissue operating rate be pretty high, in the high 80s, low 90s, and would expect that to continue for a while. And as we see the continued growth in the category, as the ability to absorb a couple of new tissue machines a year, and we haven't had that for a while. So we're not as concerned about it. I think we've got a -- in COTTONELLE, we've got a differentiated branded offering with a good innovation plan. And it's a lot tougher to make a product like that, even as you bring on new thru-air dry capacity, than you'd think. Scott Tissue is also a differentiated sheet with a unique position, and strong, loyal brand following. And so we believe that one's well-positioned as well. So we've got good strategies in place to continue to execute our plan and focus on driving that for the benefit of our consumers and our customers.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. On the first question, we'll probably take one machine out of Chester, and it'll be a smaller number by far than what was done at Everett. So you can probably get the ballpark on that. In China, we talked about that a couple of times on the call, where, I mean, I'd say, a good chunk of it was us expanding into new segments of the category, going into the more mainline part of the diaper category in China. We've also expanded from probably 72 to 80 cities. 72 have been in the last year to 80 at the end of the first quarter. And my guess is we also picked up some share. But it's probably -- we're still a relatively small player in China overall. We're getting to scale in the major cities that we've been in for a while. And with the fuller lineup of products, we'd expect to continue to drive that. So we're enthusiastic about the progress so far.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're off to a great start, and we're making the right investments to support the initiatives that we've talked about in our global business plan, and we want to make sure that translates into terrific value for our shareholders. So thank you for listening today.
Wendy Nicholson: Okay, fine. And then my last question -- and I don't mean to sort of beat a dead horse here, but just going back to the diaper market in the U.S. and looking at sort of the pricing trends and the market share trends, and that's the only category where it seems that fairly consistently, but particularly here in the first quarter 2012, private label is gaining, I think, 200 basis points of market share. And so I'm wondering if the spending that you're doing, the innovations you're trying to bring to market -- I mean, I look at Procter's shares and even with Dry Max and hey, it was poorly executed, whatever. But all the innovation that both of you guys are bringing to the market, both of your shares are still way off their peak, and yet private label is way up. So is there...
Wendy Nicholson: Okay. And that may do it, because I'm just looking at the Nielsen data. So if a -- data is different in Wal-Mart, that's good to know.
Wendy Nicholson: So the risk of any price pullback or anything like that or increased promotional spending on the diaper business, not in the future for you.
