Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, CFO; and Mike Azbell, our Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish as usual with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. Now, as a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements this morning. Please see the risk factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now I'll turn it over to Maria.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly: I mean I think, Ali, I would just add it's probably better to look at results through nine months. As Tom said, there was a lot of noise in the third quarter, and I think if you look at through nine months, that's probably a better reflection of how we're doing.
Paul J. Alexander - Kimberly: All right. Well, we appreciate all the questions, everyone, and we'll wrap up with a comment from Tom.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales were basically even year-on-year including 3% growth in developing and emerging markets. We achieved significant cost savings and margin improvement, and we increased cash flow, improved capital efficiency and returned cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details starting with sales. Our third quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That's down about 3% including a currency drag of more than 2%. Tom will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. On profitability, third quarter adjusted gross margin was 36.4%, up 30 basis points compared to the prior year. Adjusted operating margin was 18.2%. That's up 70 basis points. I'm encouraged that our teams continue to improve the shape of the P&L even in a tougher environment. Our cost savings initiatives continue to be a key driver of margin improvement. Third quarter FORCE cost savings were $105 million, equal to our previous all-time record. Through nine months, FORCE savings are $295 million. So we're tracking to be toward the high end of our $350 to $400 million full year target. In addition, our organization restructuring generated $15 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were favorable by $10 million mostly due to lower fiber costs. Full year deflation should be toward the middle of our previous estimate of $25 million to $125 million. On the bottom line, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.52, up 1% year-on-year. That's despite a currency drag of more than $0.10 per share, mostly from transaction effects. Moving on to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was strong at $948 million. That's up 12% year-on-year driven by improved working capital. On adjusted return on invested capital, through nine months, we're up 100 basis points, nicely ahead of our long-term goal of 20 basis points to 40 basis points of annual improvement. On capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $550 million. The full year amount should be approximately $2.1 billion. Moving on to segment results. In Personal Care, organic sales rose more than 1%. That includes 4% growth in developing and emerging markets. Overall Personal Care operating margins were healthy at 19.8%, although off 70 basis points year-on-year including significant currency headwinds. Moving to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales fell 2%, driven by results in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.1% were up 110 basis points with benefits from cost savings and lower input costs. In our third segment, K-C Professional, organic sales were down 1%. That included a 1-point impact from lower sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health. K-C Professional operating margins were 19.6%. That's up 100 basis points year-on-year, driven by higher net selling prices and cost savings. So, overall, it was a soft quarter on the top line and a tough environment. Nonetheless, we delivered significant cost savings, improved our margins and increased cash flow. We also continue to improve our balance sheet efficiency and allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. We did have really strong cash flow in the quarter as you saw, and we had really good performance in working capital particularly in reducing inventories. And that came through to help our cash flow numbers. In terms of CapEx, we do expect that we'll be below our original guidance that we gave coming into the year. But that is driven by a couple of things. First, we have had really strong productivity this year and you see that showing up in our FORCE cost savings as one of the levers that we use to drive that. And we also do have slower volume and sales growth than we expected coming into the year. And so we're very rigorous on what we spend capital on and making sure that we're matching up the timing of when we're putting assets in the ground with our expectations and with slower volume growth this year, our capital is lower than we expected. This is an area that we continue to drive. You know that we've set up a global supply chain organization last year, and that organization is partnering with the finance organization and the operating teams are continuing to drive added rigor into our capital process. And so we're not changing our long-term expectation there, but we are incredibly rigorous on that. And we'll flex the CapEx spend with the needs of the business. I wouldn't take it as a signal for anything else other than just where we are as a company this year.
Maria Henry - Kimberly-Clark Corp.: Sure. We also have some currency FX when you look on the face of the P&L and SG&A. If you unpack that and look, locally, we actually have SG&A increases in some places, particularly in Personal Care where we continue to invest in our capabilities and building that business out in developing and emerging markets. We also operate in some high inflationary environment. And so again, when you strip the currency, we have increasing SG&A in some places because of inflation. But we balance it out. We continually look at our SG&A spend to make sure that we're directing as much of it toward growth-oriented initiatives and then have extreme rigor on the more discretionary non-growth oriented core SG&A spend.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: That's okay. No problem. Good morning. Okay. So first I actually wanted to ask about was margin performance. Because you showed really good margin expansion in both Consumer Tissue and K-C Professional even with volumes down. So is that – is it because those businesses have been where most of the cost savings activity is, or is it more about the deflation? Because I think that's sort of an interesting dynamic to think about as we look into next year.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: So is that the expectation because particularly it sounds like in North America Personal Care, some of the promotional activity, you're assuming it doesn't continue and that helps with the – because you need things to accelerate pretty significantly Q4 versus Q3 to do the 2% for the full year total company.
Lauren Rae Lieberman: Okay. And so it sounds like particularly KCP and Consumer Tissue – those are the two? I think the Personal Care comparisons was something a lot of people had their arms around, but the volume seeming shortfall in KCP and Consumer Tissue is what really felt pretty surprising. So it feels like (16:21)
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I mean if you looked at the cost savings by segment, I mean it was relatively proportionate. In fact, if anything, Personal Care was probably a little heavier than Consumer Tissue. I think, yeah, you probably had more of the competitive pricing activity particularly in some of the emerging markets like China affecting Personal Care. On the deflation side, it was only $10 million, but again most of it was pulp. So that did benefit Consumer Tissue probably a little bit more than Personal Care.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: That's sort of the interesting question I think in this environment. So I'd say there's question that there's less growth out there in lots of places. And so Latin America was certainly the case where categories have gone negative in a big way due to some of the economic impacts in places like Argentina. And there's just as many people chasing that growth, and so that does make it more competitive. On the other hand, you saw some pretty heavy up activity in some markets in the third quarter that probably won't repeat at the same level. There was some very heavy adult care couponing in North America, for example, by both of our primary competitors, think $14 digital coupons on a $13 item. We don't see that reoccurring. It was probably more of a one-time thing. We also saw some pretty big easy ups couponing, more like a $5 coupon, which is way above normal in that market as they were launching a new product. And again, don't see that continuing at that level. And we didn't match those offers, but that does affect your short-term volume while that stuff is working its way through the market.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I think it's not as big a step up as you think. There are a lot of things across the company that should be better sequentially. So, if you looked at KCP, we had about a point drag from Halyard. That rolls off in the fourth quarter. Europe was also very weak in KCP which some of that was Brexit-related. That's gotten a little bit better sequentially. So we'll see how that plays out in the fourth quarter. If you looked at Consumer Tissue, there was more of a promotion timing 2Q versus 3Q. If you look at our year-to-date volume, we're up a couple percent on Consumer Tissue in North America and expect to have a solid fourth quarter versus the negative trend in the third quarter. So there's a number of things that were probably working against us in the third quarter that will make the comparison a little easier in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, we don't measure that on a quarterly basis. We would have said last year the global growth rate was somewhere in the 3% to 4% range. We haven't redone the math for this year, but I would say it's going to be at the low end or even slightly lower than the low end if I would have to guess. Just when you see places like Argentina where we were tracking mid single negative category growth through the first half of the year and saw kind of double-digit category dips in the third quarter. That and Brazil would be the other big market that's had kind of mid single-digit negative category growth comps. Those would be things that would be a bigger drag on that standpoint. Yeah, that and the pricing environment of China's probably the other one that's a big shift this year relative to what it would have been doing last year. And so we'll take another look at it going into 2017, but I would guess it's certainly lower than the 3% to 4% we had estimated last year
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, again, you're right. We'll give you a more complete look in January. And I'd say for us, it tends to start with our outlook on category growth and some of that's driven by what's going on economically, and so we're – every economic forecast it seems like that we look at lately has a lower GDP growth number than the one before it. So we're not expecting a snapback from category growth. In terms of – as we tend to look at the combination of input price, currency and commodity costs, that probably still net feels like a drag year-on-year going into 2017. On the other hand, we've also seen lots of big swings between now and the end of the year. And so we have a number of other events happening between the presidential election and two more Fed meetings. So we'll see where we're at on that calculus a couple of months from now.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, sure. That's an important market. So it's – I would say if there was all of the above on your – as an option for your answer, I'd probably – it's probably a little bit of all of those things but let me go category by category. So fem care for us, doing really well. I think we're up three share points year-to-date. Category leadership, have launched a bunch of innovation, and I'd say that business looks pretty solid overall. Diapers has been more competitive. Category has been weaker. There has been some trade down in the category as well, and you see more tier two growth. It's been more competitive. And so from a pricing standpoint, promotion standpoint, there's been more activity on that front as well. And I think within that, you've seen some either it's household inventory destocking or it's moms who were using four or five diapers a day now using three or four diapers a day. And so you take one diaper a day out of the equation, and that's a double-digit category decline for that consumer. And so I think it takes a little while to get household panel data to really understand what's driving that. But it's gone on for long enough now, it's probably more than just inventory destocking where you're actually seeing the middle class in some cases in Brazil are getting poorer and having to make tough trade-offs. You'd certainly see the same kind of phenomenon in Argentina as well as they're moving to more of a market-based economy in some areas that's putting big pressure on consumer wallet. So while we're still well positioned and bullish long-term on Brazil, it's been a tough economic environment. You've had a recession for the second year in a row. Their overall outlook is not that optimistic. And economies run on expectations and until people start to believe it's going to get better, it's not going to snap back probably.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: And then in Brazil, we have a very strong tier two business. So we are – we actually are continuing to drive that and are benefiting in that area. But net-net if the whole category is down, it has been – it hasn't been enough to stimulate the consumer to use more at this point anyway.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: No, I think year-to-date, we're almost right on. As a percent of sales, it's 3.8% or 3.9%, something like that. So very little movement. And I think the thing that you don't see is that we're probably doing more digital couponing which shows up as a reduction of net sales, which can factor into our price column of our analysis of change in sales. But there's been more competitive couponing activity as well.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I mean the volume growth for us was very strong, particularly in newborn, and we're expecting and seeing a stronger birth rate in China that was back end loaded this year. And it's really across all classes of trade. We tend to look at modern retail baby superstores and then e-commerce as our, sites that we have data and insight into, and we're doing well and growing strong double-digits in both – in all of those categories. In terms of the pricing, I think, again, that's a place where it's one of the fastest growing markets in the world, and you're seeing lots of competitors chasing it. So the two Japanese competitors as well as P&G are all very aggressive, and it's probably one of those things, Caroline, where everyone thinks the other guy started the price war, but we're all trying to drive our business in that market. And our shares are pretty stable overall, and we've got good innovation in the market and more coming. And so we feel pretty good about our position in that market.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: No, I mean it's a pretty similar product lineup. You may have different pack counts or pack sizes by channel. And for us, as we said, newborn has been a strong driver this year, but our premium lineup is continuing to do well in China overall, tier five, which we would call it. But our top-of-the-line Huggies products are doing well in China.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I don't think it's going to get any easier any time soon because China is one of the best growth opportunities available in the world right now, and I think it's going to be the biggest consumer market at some point in time in just about every category. And everyone's trying to build a position there, and we're certainly among them.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, that's fair, Ali. So, if I were to give it to you regionally, I'd say in Latin America, it's probably more category decline than competitive activity. Although, when the category is declining, you do still have more competitive activity as everyone is trying to hang on to their share of the business. In China, it's more competitive activity. The categories are fine. The birth rate is fine. In China, you're seeing good underlying category growth on a unit volume standpoint. In North America, honestly, on a year-to-date basis, we're fine. We had a tougher third quarter. We had tougher comps for sure in a lot of areas because of some of the launch activity last year. But if I looked at Consumer Tissue in North America which had a negative comp, it had more to do with we had a little heavier promotional schedule in the second quarter where we had great volume growth than we did in the third quarter where we went backwards. We're expecting to finish with a strong fourth quarter, and that business is on track from a share perspective. Europe – Eastern Europe – I'd say Western Europe and the U.K. was pretty weak overall economically. Some of the reaction to the Brexit vote, you had a lot of people that didn't want to hold inventory for a while and had fairly weak growth in both the consumer and the KCP side. Eastern Europe is essentially fine. It's competitive, about like normal. Categories are performing reasonably well. So it is more of a region-by-region assessment. You do have some of both factors in both places. But I don't know if that helps you understand it better, but that's probably how I would break it down for you.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I mean, I would agree with the statement that it's not going to get better quickly. I don't expect a snapback here. On the other hand, there are some green shoots in some places. I'm encouraged by the volume growth in China, the birth rate in China. We've got lots of good innovation coming in lots of places. I look at our fem care business, for example, where we've seen share growth in the vast majority of the categories that we compete in around the world, and there's consumers still responding to innovation. We still got good growth opportunities for adult care overall. And it's a little bit more competitive in North America, but we've seen good growth outside North America. And so, while there's – maybe we're going through a tougher economic period of time. I do think in the long-term, there's still lots of room for category penetration here.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I mean it's one that, again, we didn't give you guys quarterly guidance, but it was one that we expected to do a little bit better in the third quarter than we did. Some of it was our primary competitor in North America probably did a better job of executing against the Olympics promotions, and while we had activity, it didn't compare at the same level. And so we'll have a little stronger program in the fourth quarter. On the other hand, we did have a very strong second quarter. And last year, our comps were tougher. So it made it look worse than maybe it would. If you looked at it on a year-to-date basis, it looks fairly similar.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I mean, overall, I mean it was up double-digits in the quarter across Russia, Ukraine, CIS which would be what we would all bucket into those categories. And I'd say, Russia and CIS are probably performing the best. Ukraine is maybe less negative than it was in the past, but that's still an economy that is under quite a bit of stress with everything else that's going on in that market. But overall, I'd say our Russian business is on track for the year with our expectations.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I mean, it's one that I think to hit our revised full year guidance, we only need, Paul, what, about a point of growth in the fourth quarter...
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: ...versus zero in the third quarter. So it's not a huge uptick to be able to round (35:23) the 2% growth for the year. So it's one that, again, I think that's doable across a number of places. But overall, I would expect the ones that were off the most in the third quarter will have the biggest opportunity to close the gap.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: We typically look at dollar share. We look at both. But the one that we probably focus more on is dollar share. So when you hear us talk about it externally, it's typically dollar share.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I would expect that the sequential improvement will be mostly volume based particularly in North America. I don't expect to see any big pricing improvements. There's no major price increases that are happening in any of the categories.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, so we had commented on that a little earlier. Typically, our long-term outlook has had the categories growing 3% to 4%. And we haven't remeasured that for what we think actually happened in 2016 or what we think might happen in 2017, and we'll give you another look at that when we give you guidance in January. My guess is that it had slowed down just because of the category declines that we've seen in Latin America as well as the pricing activity that we've seen in China. Those two together would probably – those are all large markets and would definitely bring down the category growth rates a bit.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, those are good questions. And so I mean, if we look at China today, the birth rate is definitely helping. And we expect more live births this year. And it could be as much as 7% more live births in 2016 than there was in 2015. You're still seeing GDP per capita go up in China so more consumers have more money to spend in categories like ours, which helps. We're continuing to drive our city expansion, so we're in now 130 cities where we started the year at 115. And so we've got more geography to cover as well which is fueling our growth. And we continue to launch innovation. And so we've been driving some improved newborn products, and that has really helped drive a lot of our near-term volume growth. But we've also – we're also driving diaper pants hard across a number of tiers both mainline and premium tiers. And so I think there's a combination of those factors has really helped our volume growth this year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: China tends to skew a bit premium. The golden baby phenomena is alive and well in China, and Chinese moms and dads invest a lot in their child and hopefully children as they go to more than a one child policy. And we tend to see the best for baby as a strong pull for our business in China.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, Brazil you are seeing a bit more trade down, more growth in the lower tier products. There still is a segment of the consumer that has money to spend and will pay more for best for baby, so you've got to balance your innovation across those tiers. But you are seeing more emphasis on the value equation in markets like Brazil and Argentina.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Okay. On China pricing and – broadly, I would say the market got a little bit more competitive in Q3 than in Q2. And so again, you saw lots of innovation, lots of good global competitors trying to drive their business. And the Chinese consumer is the beneficiary of that for sure. I wouldn't say we've seen any significant destocking impacts in any of our businesses. I mean we have a pretty big e-comm presence in China, and that business tends to be relative for us at least, relatively efficient low inventory. And it flows pretty directly to the consumer. So again, China – good growing competitive market. We're competing well, and we feel pretty good about our position there. On the Tissue comps, I mean again, we had a weaker promotional calendar in the third quarter as it turned out than we needed, and we expect to have a stronger quarter going into the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter is also typically a little bit better facial tissue quarter, so we'll see how cold and flu shapes up. And on the pulp question, at the levels of pulp chains that we're seeing, I wouldn't expect that to have much impact on pricing.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, on the Tissue growth, some of it is timing of promotions and when they ship. I think overall we had a pretty good promotional calendar. On the other hand, we probably underestimated the impact of front-of-ad circular Olympic stuff and how much lift that would provide to a primary competitor. So, in some cases, we had the promotion, we just didn't get as much of it as we thought we were going to get. And that obviously has lapped, and we'll expect a little stronger performance going into the fourth quarter. And so we feel pretty good about the lineup we've got, and again, year-to-date, we feel like the Tissue business in North America is at or ahead of its plan. So we're comfortable with what we're doing on that front. The fourth quarter comps, essentially I would say is that to get to the low end of our guidance, we only need to deliver one. So to put that in perspective, I wouldn't say I was predicting that, and we'll see what it looks like when we post it in January. As you guys know, I'd rather give you guys annual guidance anyway, and this is the one quarter of the year where I have to give you quarterly guidance, otherwise I'd just rather talk about where we're going from an annual plan and not manage the business quarter-to-quarter. SG&A growth. We are maybe Maria, you want to comment on that, because we are really trying to make sure we're focused on controlling that element of our P&L that we can control.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Well, once again, thank you all for spending some time with us this morning. We hope to deliver a little stronger performance in the fourth quarter, and thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
