Taryn Miller: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. On the call with me today. Are Mike Hsu, our Chairman and CEO; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Earlier this morning, we issued our earnings news release, and we also published prepared management remarks from Mike and Maria.  The summarized are third quarter results and full-year 2021 outlook. Both documents are available in the investors section of our website. We hope you find it valuable to have our prepared remarks ahead of this call. In just a moment, Mike will share a few opening comments and then we'll take your questions.  During this call, we may make forward-looking statements. Please see the Risk Factors Section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We may also refer to adjusted results and outlook both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn it over to Mike.
Taryn Miller: No. I think that was pretty thorough. It's basically across the board getting supply into our mills, getting supply out of our mills, getting the products moved around the distribution network, lots of challenges on the warehouse side. We need to hire -- in a normal time, if we have 30 people given the inefficiencies with the labor and turnover, we might need to have 40 people just to get the same amount of product at the door, as an example. It's -- across the board, primarily in North America. Although in the UK, there's also distribution challenges, it's another market where it impacted our sales in the quarter. And that also has to do with labor related to Brexit. So it's -- I've never seen a supply chain environment like this, and it's affecting us across the P&L.
Taryn Miller: Sure. Peter, I'll start and then Mike can chime in. The -- next year, we will have some interesting dynamics, and it's probably going to be a bit of a tale of two-half when you look at the first half of this year and the second half of this year, that's going to drive some year-over-year comps that will have some
Taryn Miller: We -- the commodity inflation ran up on us quickly. It was far in excess of what we expected in the third quarter. But we're continuing to make investments in the Company for the long term, and we're very committed to doing that, and focused on the long-term health of the Company and the brands.
Taryn Miller: Sure. We're definitely not running out of runway on FORCE, and we continue to see opportunities in the supply chain, and some of the digital supply chain investments that I referenced earlier in the call will help us unlock those opportunities.  The FORCE cost savings for this year is really affected by the supply chain challenges that we've been facing, which are a headwind for our cost savings. And it's related to production and distribution inefficiencies caused by demand volatility, and also the logistics issues that we've been talking about. The way that the FORCE cost savings program works is
Taryn Miller: I think we'll hold on the 2022 comments until we get to January, and then we'll have more to say about that. Once we have three months more visibility into what's happening in the commodity market, what's happening with price that's either in the market or will be in the market, and we'll give you our best view there.I don't think it's productive to speculate on that right at this point, given the volatility.
Taryn Miller: I'll start with supply chain disruptions. I didn't see a near-term catalyst for them improving. I think the labor issues in the U.S. are very real, and that's where we're feeling the [Indiscernible] of the challenges on the supply chain side. More globally, I mentioned the U.K. market, but also with global shipping, those issues are also quite challenging in a number of our
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Taryn. Good morning, everyone. Before we get to your questions, I would like to offer some perspective on our third quarter and further actions we're taking in response to this dynamic and challenging microenvironment. Organic sales were strong up 4 % in the quarter and included the impact of pricing actions implemented in the second and third quarters. In North America, Personal Care organic sales were up 11 % driven by mid-single digit increased in both net selling price and volume.  In D&E markets, Personal Care organic sales were up 7 %. Organic sales increased double-digits in Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Eastern Europe, and South Africa. Our top-line performance was strong, despite the resurgence of COVID, which impacted growth in ASEAN, Latin American K-C Professional. Our market positions remain strong and improving, reflecting strong innovation and excellent commercial execution in nearly all key markets. Our share positions in North America remains solid with good sequential gains in personal care. Our share performance in D&E markets remains robust, where we continue to strengthen our diaper leadership positions in key markets including China and Brazil. We also continue to focus on cost, with our teams delivering solid savings of $150 million in the quarter. In addition, we reduced between the[Indiscernible] and spending. Now, clearly our margins and earnings costs well beyond the expectation we established just last quarter. I'd like to highlight the effects of three areas of volatility that are most impacting our business. First, as we noted in July, and on the basis of external forecast, we had expected commodity prices to ease in the second half of 2021.  Instead, prices for resin and pulp increased further in the third quarter and are now expected to stabilize at a meaningfully higher level than our prior estimate. Second, a tight U.S. labor market and disruption in domestic and international transportation markets are having an elevated impact on our supply chain as we work to get our products to the shelf and meet consumer demand. Third, energy costs are up dramatically in Europe, where natural gas prices have risen as high as six times year-ago levels. Energy prices in North America are also up sharply, although not to the same extent.  As a result, our margins are down, but were down with declines only partially mitigated by the actions we've taken TO date. We're not pleased with our results and were taken further action to mitigate the impact of higher input and labor costs. These steps include further pricing actions, additional initiatives to ensure we achieve our cost savings goals, and tightening discretionary spending. At the same time, we remain committed to investing in our brands and commercial capabilities. While we expect to see some benefit from these actions in 2021, we have further reduced our outlook for the year. This reflects our third quarter performance and our expectations for the fourth quarter.  And while we're not ready to call our outlook for 2022, I will offer perspective on key variables that will affect our plan next year. First, we continue to build top line momentum. In addition, our pricing actions, brand investment, and commercial program should provide further benefit in 2022. Second, some discrete headwinds we faced this year will be behind us. This includes the U.S. winter storm and presumably consumer tissue destocking. Third, some headwinds we faced this year may become more persistent. We're now expecting further inflation on several key commodities.  We're also expecting continued tightness in the labor and transportation markets, which will continue to impact our global supply chain all the way to our customers. In addition, the going forward impact of COVID on both demand and supply remains very unpredictable. We will continue to move decisively and navigate changing market conditions, we'll also continue to invest in our brands capabilities to maintain brand momentum. Our strategy is working and we remain confident in our future and are confident in our ability to create long-term shareholder value. Now we'd like to address your questions.
Mike Hsu: Okay,[Indiscernible]. Maybe I'll start a little bit philosophically. And I would say based on our strategy, in our improving margins is a core aspect of K-C 2022 for us. And so we've taken further actions to offset inflation. I mean -- and I believe margin improvement is a fundamental pillar of what we need to do for the Company. And so we expect to fully offset inflation with both pricing and cost reduction, so a combination. And while we took the fully offset that over time, so we announced some further actions in Q3.  The year-to-date, our actions are fairly broad-reaching every region, every business, generally, I wouldn't -- actually, not every single business, but generally across most markets. And so in Q3, we've announced broader actions in North America, professional and consumer Latin America, and other markets selectively. So I would say pretty far reaching. I will tell you Dara, our earlier pricing actions are generally on track as you saw in the release.  We had 3 points of price factor in organic in the quarter. We have seen some other brands move, particularly in North America. I haven't seen significant movement of private label yet. Although I'll note that typically occurs a little bit later, and we've had a little share of softness. But in general, I think our volumes are holding up well.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean, I -- you can probably see it in the release. I mean, we feel very good about our organic performance. I think our brands are very fundamentally healthy. And I think our investment in both innovation and commercial programming, especially advertising, are working very hard for us. So we're going to obviously work hard to make sure our margins improve, but we want to maintain that investment in the brands, especially where it's working.  That said, we have made some adjustments in some categories where it felt like it was perhaps a little less effective in the current environment. And so to that extent, we've done that. We have trend our between the line spend a little bit, but that -- I would tell you that's been more on the G&A front than on the MCP front in the quarter. So [Indiscernible] is there something you want to add.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, Dara, I mean, that's why we've been saying we'll offset, or get our margins back in line and improving over time with both pricing and cost reduction. I think the middle of next year is probably a good kind of perspective for us.  Because obviously what happened this year was we saw the change in the commodity line, obviously coming out of the first quarter, and so we announced pricing that was effective, or we announced it at the end of the first quarter and it was effective in our second quarter of this year. Certainly, commodities have moved significantly since then.  And so we've made additional actions, and that's going to take us time to implement fully. So, that's one component. The other component I will tell you that looking forward is -- and I think we indicated this about 2022, is the global supply chain is under pressure, and we do expect cost to remain elevated for a period. Not not all costs.  Certainly, I think there's some fundamentals in the Eucalyptus market that would say, hey, there's more capacity coming along, so that should come back a little bit. But the polymer-based products seem like they're going to remain elevated for a little while. We mentioned the U.S. labor costs and pressures on transportation globally, I think that's going to remain elevated for a while because I don't see a fundamental catalysts to change that in the near term. And so that's why we're making some of [Indiscernible]
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Overall, Chris, our brand fundamentals are strong and really improving. And I think it's really based on differentiated innovation and excellent local commercial program -- really the driver. And I think our brands are about as healthy as I've seen for as long as I've been here.  Obviously, not all of them are working the way that we would like them to work. But in general, our brands are performing quite well. The birth rate issue mentioned in diapers is real, although there's a couple of dimensions of that, which is one, certainly a big decline in birth rate in China. Five-years ago, there were about 17 or 18 million births and this year, it looks like they'll be about 10 - ish, right?  And somewhere in that range. And that said, it's still going to be a big market and still the largest diaper market in the world for along time. So that's one thing, that's one that's on the downside. The US on the contrast because there was a little bit of decline in births last year that accelerated because of COVID, actually slightly up this year. And actually, we're seeing through the first couple of quarters and the projection is moving towards modest growth in the second half, so that's a bit of positive news. But the overall, I think the reason why you're seeing strong performance on personal care is more what I talked about previously, which is strong innovation pipeline and strong local programming on the commercial side. And what the teams will say it's not any one thing, it's the combination of a plan, meaning great innovation backed with great marketing, with a great sales plan and local execution, all working together. And I think the numbers you may have seen about Personal Care is accelerating globally, it was up 9 in the quarter with a strong recovery in North America that was up 11. And then we're continuing to see that strong performance across D&E in most markets. Making good progress in K-C Professional as well, that was up 12 with North America being up 16, and a healthy balance of both price and volume. And then consumer tissue, although still down in the quarter, was down 6, and down 9 in North America, I would say that was stabilizing. Our consumption in North America was better than our organic, and that's because we're cycling up big year-ago customer or consumer inventory build, that happened in the third quarter. Little bit happened in the fourth quarter last year as well. So we're cycling that. But I would say the good news on consumer tissue globally, it feels like its stabilizing. We have given up a little share in North America, we probably picked up a little share last year on bath tissue because we had a little more availability. Our teams were scrambling to put out as much output as it could, as we felt like there was a lot of consumer need for our products last year. And so we did that and we probably gave back a little share. But again, I think overall we feel like consumer tissue certainly stabilizing versus what we saw in the first and second quarters.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, consumer [Indiscernible] particularly in North America, will build as the year goes and into next year. And so, yes, so there was not that much in this year and then we did have a little additional trade investment versus a year ago, and so that offsets some of it, but we expect that to continue to build as the year goes.
Mike Hsu: No, thank you for keeping us up for honest on the shares. But what I would say, we're improving from a tight supply situation, and so that's probably the big thing. And so we're recovering really well. I think we have for the year up, we're even in 4 of 8 categories in North America. That's a little less than what I would like. But 7 of 8 sequentially, so we're making progress.  And so if you remember, Kevin, we had really tight supply situation toward the end of the first quarter, and that flowed through the whole second quarter. We're down mid-single-digit share points, I think in diapers at that point. And so the team has really done a nice job recovering. I think in diapers, we're up 340 basis points sequentially in the quarter. And just about even, maybe a little bit less than even on share overall in the quarter. So we feel good about the recovery. I think we're making good progress in adult care tissue. As I mentioned, on the bath tissue side, we're a little soft because we had maybe a little [Indiscernible] by this year that I was hoping to hold on to, but we haven't held onto it. But that was more due to availability.  Kleenex is up pretty good, pretty substantially, and we feel good about that although the category is down. And then on towels, yes, we're down about -- a little over a point. The issue there is given supply conditions, we have shifted some of our supply of production from towels to bath, and that's caused part of that. Overall, I would say that the brands are moving in the right direction, not all, but we feel like we have the right plans in place and we're going to continue to make progress.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Can -- maybe I'll comment on the trade and Maria, maybe can comment on the between the lines. But one -- in North America, in particular, I think [Indiscernible] promotion levels have moved back to "typical levels ". The percent -- as measured by percent promo sold on -- or percent sold on promotion was down 50 % to 75 % last year as we all curtail promotions because of demand.  At this point, I'd say it's returned to historical levels, both in Personal Care, which happened about the third quarter of last year, and then in consumer tissue, this quarter or the third quarter this year. The philosophically -- I do think retailers do believe brand [Indiscernible] occurs with brands and so promotions continue to be important our categories.  There is potentially some share shifting. Frankly, my emphasis would be on the -- what I call the high road approach to growing brands, which is growing brands through great innovation and marketing. And using trade and promotion as a fundamental element of that to support what we're doing from a marketing perspective.  But I don't really value share from promotion alone. In general, we're going to be focusing on being efficient with how we spend our promotions and being disciplined about it. Especially Kevin, as you might imagine in this environment where certainly pricing and price realization is important, given what's happening with the cost front.
Mike Hsu: Well, I don't -- I wouldn't put it all at retailers. I think the manufacturers also rely on it as well. Maybe -- certainly my kind of attitude or philosophy for it is, I think I've said it before, I don't like to rent share through promotion. If we can use promotion to drive the trial that we want on our innovation, I'm supportive of that.  And so that's a little, but I may have a slightly different take than others, but I wouldn't lay it all at the feet of our customers. They're great partners. Our categories matter to them, and obviously, they matter a lot to us. And so it's a symbiotic relationship.
Mike Hsu: Peter, we've actually increased our advertising investment significantly over the last few years and we feel good about that. And clearly, I think that's showing up in the numbers in terms of the organic growth and the overall health of the brands that we've -- as I talked about earlier on this call. So, we feel good about that.  I would say at this point, we will look to continue to build that where we're probably operating kind of in the five plus or minus range -- 5 % range of sales. It is still a little lower than our primary competitors. I would like that to be higher over time, although we probably never will match some of our competitors at the same levels they will.  But I still think we can productively invest more and make that a win-win for the brand while growing our margins at the same time. The unique thing about advertising of this -- in this environment, or as digitals unfolded is the returns are much better than they historically have been. And so we continue to improve our efficiencies, we're getting better at that. And so for us, we're going to continue to look for ways to grow the business.  And that's going to include through advertising investment. At the same time, Maria and I will also work to deliver a balanced plan that will deliver as we just mentioned, margin improvement over time, while delivering improved organic growth.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. It's all of that. So a great question, Steve, and great perspective. I think I would share yours, which is, it's -- I think it's a balanced deployment. Obviously, this year we went with [Indiscernible] because it can be a little quicker and a little more efficient to implement for both us and our customers. T hat said, I think long-term in our categories, I would say for us, it will be a combination of list pack, right -- pack counts and pack architecture, right, and sizing, and then also promotion strategy, right? And I think all those are fertile ground for us. I've been talking about Revenue Growth Management for a couple of years now.  We're still early in the journey and getting better at it, but we have a lot of great tools globally that we're using to support our planning, and I think we're getting more and more disciplined about it. And again, I think the balance across the levers will be important for us into next year, but I think going forward.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. Nik, hey. I was just talking about what, Steve, again, I think we've invested a lot of tools and so at this point, I think our elasticity modeling is pretty good, fairly accurate. I would say, given our categories, Nik, that the elasticity tends to be a little less when realized than what predicted just because if you look at these bath tissue, the consumption doesn't change that much. Maybe the value tier you purchased that may shift a little bit.  And so there is that dynamic, but we are sensitive toward that and it's also what's core in our strategy, is developing a great value proposition to our consumer. And so we're always cognizant of that. And I think one of the things that we've done in many markets around the world is offer a great proposition on both the value side and also the premium side. And while our strategy generally is to elevate our categories and expand our categories, I do think pricing on our categories, where the premiumization of our categories a little less than some of the others that I worked in the past.  So I still think there's a room to grow. However, we want to be able to shift. And that's we've done in a market like Latin America. And one of the reasons why we've grown share this year is because we've been able to pivot between our premium tier and our value tier. For reference, two years ago, we were making a student body left to go premium and we shifted a significant portion of our mix in Brazil from value to premium.  And over the past 18 months, we've been shifting it back the other way because that's what the consumer needs. And so we're really cognizant of that, we're aware of the elasticities. Thus far, I would say, our volumes have held up, although I think what's really happening is we're seeing the intended elasticity, but we do have brand growth initiatives that are offsetting some elasticity impact.
Mike Hsu: Again, I think what you see in our Personal Care, we did move very early on when we had our commodity forecast update in the first quarter, and so we did move on that. At the time, I think the tissue side or the fiber side was less clear. And so I would say we probably moved a little slower on the tissue side. We haven't announced some broad pricing actions in multiple markets since then. And so that's why I said earlier, Jason, that I would expect our tissue price realization to continue to improve as the year progresses.
Mike Hsu: Yeah, Andrea. Yeah. Again, online continues to perform very well for us, and then on-track as well. And so I think that's probably why there's probably discrepancy in our view of our market share performance, which we see as a little stronger than maybe what you might see. And so overall, we feel very good about that and the category growth, actually in both channels and I think our brands are performing well.  The issue that we've had on share, a couple of different areas. In North America, it's primarily been an issue around supply. And so even though we've made substantial improvement in our fulfillment throughout the course of the year, we're still not meeting all orders out there. And so our share's still a little light from that dimension.  And then in a couple other markets, again, I think it is, as you point out, maybe some relative price indices that have expanded a little bit in the short-term. We have moved on pricing in most markets. And while we've generally seen moves from branded competition, we haven't seen that in all markets. And so there's still a little softness we're experiencing in Western Europe and in some markets in Latin America.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Overall, globally, we're probably in the mid-to-high [Indiscernible] at this point. I don't have the growth rate offhand, but it -- yeah, in the -- double -- strong double-digits is what I would say.
Mike Hsu: Strong performance last year. Right. With the great news being our fastest grower was our biggest market. So that was good last year. And so, again, online continues to be important and increasingly important. And we're operating very well there.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Well, thank you all for taking the time to be with us today. We're working hard to drive sustainable brand growth and taking further action to ensure that we improve our margins and earnings profile. So thank you all.
Maria Henry: Right. Its the P&L investment. And then I think I've mentioned this before in terms of overall investment and Capex, and where are those dollars going on, part going to the -- part of the investment is in digital supply chain. And that's been a driver of our Capex and we'll continue to be for several years. And when we -- even when we look at things like the S4 HANA upgrade, we've wrapped a lot of supply chain digital capabilities into that program. But that's not new news.
Maria Henry: And then on the rest of it, just generally on between the lines for the quarter at 15.6%, that low. And the main driver of that is around incentive comp. As you can imagine with the updated forecast, the incentive payments will be meaningfully lower. And in the third quarter, we not only stepped those down, but we also had basically an accrual adjustment true-up from the first half. So there was a sizable benefit on incentive comp reflected in the third quarter.  And I will call out that we expect in the fourth quarter that the between the lines will step back up. And that's two things. We won't have the incentive comp true-up accrual, and seasonally, our SG&A runs higher in the fourth quarter than in the rest of the year.
Maria Henry: different dynamics. And as I've said, we'll have to see really how commodities play out and how pricing plays out, and I would characterize it as we'll look to recover margins over time if we are very focused on margin recovery.  And exactly when that's going to happe, I'm not prepared to say, but we'll have a lot more to say on that in January when we have three months more of visibility and three months more of additional actions that we'll take as a management , we're working through our 2022 planning cycle now.  And so, we're pulling that together. And given the volatility and the lack of visibility that we've had, it's too early to call the year, but we'll give you our best view in January. And Mike, I think you can probably comment on advertising and how you see that unfolding.
Maria Henry: Thank you. Yeah, and I'd add that[Indiscernible] even outside of the advertising, and when we look at between the lines of spending, I commented earlier by embedded in there. I should note, beyond incentive compensation dynamics, we are reducing other discretionary spending, including in the kind of core of SG&A.  And at the same time we're continuing to invest primarily around IT digital types of investments and our commercial capability development, and so on the P&L you don't see the full net effect of the actions that we're taking there, because we are continuing to invest.
Maria Henry: I've been negotiating material prices, a piece of it, which I'll come back and talk about in a minute. And then we have core productivity in our supply chain operations, as well as product revisions to achieve design-to-value savings.  So in the quarter, we had very good savings associated with the negotiated material prices. We also had benefits from productivity improvements and product changes, but not as much as we were hoping. And you have to net positive in terms of total delivered cost for it to count as FORCE cost savings.  So as you have headwinds coming in, they offset the gross FORCE cost savings that we would report, and that's really what we're seeing now; the headwinds that are flowing through manufacturing are dampening the net results of FORCE, but there are strong gross savings there. The other issue that we thought on FORCE is, our supply chain folks are very focused on managing through this near-term environment to get product produced and to get it to customers, so it can get in the hands of consumers.  And that leaves less time for our employees to be working on productivity initiatives within the supply chain. So it's really those two things that are lowering the FORCE cost savings number for this year. But we have a healthy amount of room to go in terms of driving supply chain productivity as we move forward.
Maria Henry: We do, and I should go back to the other part of your question, right? There's really two pieces of those force cost savings. The negotiated material prices, our savings are much higher this year given the contract structures versus the rapid inflation on the commodity side.  Those contracts get reset on a regular basis, so it will be reset at higher level. So when I look forward, I wouldn't expect as much benefit as we had this year just if you think about where we were coming into 2020 versus where commodities went, we got a sizable benefit in force there this year, so that piece of it. But on the core productivity, I would expect us to have more savings on that part of it as we move forward.
Maria Henry: markets. But the most acute issues and meaningful cost increases versus what we had been expecting is in North America, and that the labor market in the U.S., I just don't see a near-term catalyst, so I think the headwinds and the increased distribution costs will certainly be with us into 2022, and we'll have to see all of this plays out. It's not just affecting us, of course, it's affecting companies quite broadly, and we're we're all dealing with these challenges. And then, Mike, on category and share, I'll turn that one over to you.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. So I have two questions. One is a follow-up on the supply chain disruptions. Looking ahead on availability of raw materials, interest rotation lines, I believe those will linger into the first-half of 2022, setting aside the pricing commentary that you may not be ready to -- just in terms of availability of raw materials and transportation.  And then, a second one on the category growth between track and on track channels. [Indiscernible] you just see breaks growing faster than e-commerce because of the tough comparisons in the quarter? And do you see the share issues that you alluded to in North America mostly due to the fact that your competitors took longer to take pricing, or is that more of a availability issue? Thank you.
Andrea Teixeira: And Mike, just to -- and I appreciate you both, but just on the track channels and non-track e-commerce, how much it grew this quarter vis - à - vis last year, and how much it represents now globally. [Indiscernible] you have the [Indiscernible] number, it would be helpful.
Andrea Teixeira: On top of [Indiscernible] -- I would just [Indiscernible] also very strong performance last year. Or last year, you could have --
