Paul Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor section of our website which is www.kimberly-clark.com. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the risk factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I will turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: Yes. That's right and we were down in three categories in those three where diapers as Tom has mentioned down about half a point, also down about half a point in facial tissue and about a point in child care.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Javier, On a rounded basis the 45% volume growth for diapers would have been 40% plus on total organics. So, as Tom said, not much difference there.
Paul Alexander: Yes. That's about right. I think, Bill, in the first half of the years it is up year-over-year and Tom's comments earlier were referring that from here forward we are starting to see prices come back down in July and August.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Good question, Ali. A couple of quick headlines and I would say overall, we entered some of the key growth markets. We talked about how things are going in China, which continues to go very well and is not really slowing down. Strong growth in Brazil despite some of the economic challenges in Brazil, our team there is executing very well and we are seeing good growth there, a lot of innovation coming in the back half on the Personal Care. Some of that launched in the second quarter in places Russia. You started to see that pickup. I'd say where we are seeing a little bit of maybe slowdown in the quarter was probably the more developed end of the developing markets. So, places like Australia and Korea were a little slower in the quarter. Those were also big businesses for us. They have a disproportionate impact. If you look at the segment split, I mean you still saw a strong Personal Care growth, but one of the swings in the quarter maybe wasn't as obvious, was that Venezuela did very well on Tissue and slowed down on Personal Care. It was really more of a question on what kinds of things did the Venezuelan government want to support in terms of the providing foreign exchange, so they really wanted to emphasize brining bathroom tissue and improving their in-stock position on that, so we had a very strong bath tissue quarter in Venezuela and not as much on the diaper front. Just to put that in perspective just that Venezuela swing was about a third of the volume growth in the KCI tissue number in the quarter.
Mark Buthman: That's margin. I'd say that was the biggest swing factor that had. There wasn't really a fundamental shift in strategy.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I would say broadly we will try to get more pricing benefit is through mix coupled with innovation. I mean, I would say most of our businesses around the world are not assuming that you are going to get routine list price increases. You'll get it when it's driven by commodities and that's probably you didn't see as much in KCI in the quarter. I mean, KCI had, if you look at price and promotion together, we had two points of improvement in Q2 versus three points in Q1, and so it wasn't remarkably different than what we were expecting going in. We are probably more focused on using our trade funds more effectively in KCI. Now it will be a place that we will count that as some price improvement as we roll forward. Beyond that, we'll get some [price] big currency swings in KCI and we saw some of that in Brazil the first half and in that will play out. If you see big currency swings, eventually you will see some price that moves there as well. On the North American front, we typically have some negative mix built in as more of the categories moved to the larger format tax, but beyond that there wasn't anything else that was going on there that was a big driver.
Mark Buthman: No. The fem care volume in the U.S. was tougher comp. Last year we had double-digit growth, we had some pipeline filled with some new innovation that was launched and so that was more the comparison. Our shares were pretty stable, sequentially, so we didn't see much change and so we are still seeing good growth on U by Kotex and a little bit of weakness on our traditional Kotex, but we've got some good innovation coming across both of those platforms in the coming quarter, so we do feel good about our fem care plan overall.
Mark Buthman: We picked up some private label contracts a year ago and so we are still seeing a favorable comp of those and those will roll off in the second half of the year. We will keep some of it in Italy, but probably we will shed some of that business as we have exited facilities.
Mark Buthman: Well, we took some desheeting in the quarter that will roll into the second half and what you will see is probably more positive price in the second half in tissue in North America and less volume because we count volume in thousands of sheets. So you will see a volume drag and a positive price which net net, for us, works out to be a positive.
Mark Buthman: I think we have heard and again, this is more anecdotal that they have returned to normal service and promotional levels by the end of the second quarter. Albeit, they are at a lower market share than earlier. So we are pleased that we picked up share in this environment, private label did as well and we will be watching the competitive environment in the second half. In the mean time, we have got some great innovation coming with some improved Cottonelle there. So we have got a big launch of our Cottonelle Moist. Some improvements on Kleenex. So actually a lot of news in the tissue category coming in the second half that we feel pretty good about.
Mark Buthman: Well, our northern softwood guidance for the year really didn’t change in the quarter. We still call it $8.90 to $9.10 on average for the year ago. It will be above that in the third quarter but we buy a lot more Eucalyptus than northern softwood and we are actually seeing Eucalyptus trend down just a bit sequentially. So we do think that with the weaker Brazilian currency given that all the Eucalyptus producers sell in dollars, there is less need for them to get the price increase in this kind of environment. I think the other offsetting factor that we don’t talk as much about is recycled fiber. We by about 1.2 million tons of recycled fiber a year and that’s actually been softer market. So overall fibers is tracking pretty close to our expectations.
Mark Buthman: Well, if you look at the Cottonelle, we have got a new talk about design that would be a moist bathroom tissue product. It’s a great product, great category, growing rapidly. We will have to get you some, Connie, to try it but that’s probably one are that we think would be a good growth opportunity. We have got our new Sung and Dry diaper in market. We are going to put even more muscle to be competitive behind that in the second half and we would expect to see a better baby and child care result overall in the second half than we had certainly in the second quarter. We have got some new Poise light bladder leakage products out as well. We have got a new Depend campaign that we are launching, that for those of you that are watching the British Open this weekend, have got to watch Tony Siragusa pitching for protect your manhood with some new Depend Guards. So we will have those products that are going to start going. So shifting to some of the B2B businesses. We also would expect to see an uptick in KCP in the second half. We really weren’t satisfied with our growth in North America in KCP in the second quarter. Some of that categories was with manufacturing being a little weak and some of the laboratory services there that even make business a little weak, but we still expect to see a better performance there in during the second half.
Mark Buthman: Well, I mean, really, Connie, our teams are energized about the cost savings initiatives and each of our teams around the world is looking at that as a way to fund our future growth, so by identifying and delivering cost savings in areas that are our consumers and customers don't care about, we're able to invest more in R&D, investment in strategic brand building and help grow our business overall, so we really view that as part of the healthy growth model for our business going forward. And, so the big areas that we continue to work on, we started up a global procurement organization several years ago. We are continuing to build capability in that function around the world and sharing information better, doing more cost structure modeling of our suppliers to understand where we are adding cost and if we change our specification, we can deliver a better value overall, so that's a big bucket for us. We are doing a lot on productivity and best practice sharing, so we measure productivity in the same way around the world and are sharing best practices. The great news is that are our best performing facilities are getting even better, so we still see a healthy gap for us to attack between our best performing facilities and our worse performing facilities. Then the third area is product specification changes looking at the design of our products, how do we designed for value where we are taking things out that the consumer isn't concerned about, so all three of those areas contributed again in the second quarter and we've got a pretty robust pipeline of ideas for the future that we are going to go chase that give us confidence in our ability to deliver at that level.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Absolutely. We were a little heavy last June. The second quarter was the fem wellness in the U.S. and then obviously exiting some categories in markets. We didn't spend as much in Europe as we would have last year, so those are the two big drivers of the change in the quarter, but we've also had quite a bit of innovation coming in the second half and I would expect us to spend more on strategic A&P, sequentially than we did in the first half. We will get a little bit of a currency benefit in some markets. If you look at it from our standpoint, but we still think for the full year, we'll spend at least as much as a percent of sales and maybe even a bit higher on strategic A&P this year.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I think, we've seen all over the world kind of mixed results. In some markets it's going great and in some markets it's one of the leading [skews] in category. In North America, it's a little slower than we would have expected and so we are regrouping and trying to make sure we know what the next steps are us there, but we do think there is a big insight here and a great consumer need and we will keep working at it. In the meantime, we've got some great growth stories around the world to continue to drive.
Mark Buthman: Well, I think Viva is about on track with our expectations so far this year in the U.S. And, again, we would continue to see that opportunity there for innovation and growth going forward, but right now we are managing that at about the level that we can support.
Mark Buthman: This is a great question. Even today, that’s a relatively underpenetrated category in the U.S. So we think relative to the possible needs stay we may be something line 40% penetrated in the U.S. Now they may be using other products for institutional format but there is other ways that we really think we can drive growth in this category. Then broadly, as you look outside the U.S., the birth rate in many parts of the world is even lower than is in the U.S. and the populations are aging and people are living longer. So that’s why we are so excited about the global growth prospects for our Depend business and our Poise business. So we think there is a lots and lots of growth ahead for those brands as we move forward.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I was there and cut the ribbon. I think it was in April. So China plant in Nanjing is doing well. It had a great start up with a lot of support from our Korean team. It was over to help with training and start up support. It had one of the best start ups in the history of Kimberly-Clark. So they are off to up and running and they have built a great capability and it is going to support the growth in China. They kept reminding we are need even more capacity at the rate our business is growing. So I think that will be a trip we will be making pretty regularly here in the future.
Mark Buthman: Well, I think getting to local manufacturing will certainly help the margin picture in China. On the other hand, when you are growing at 45%, there is still going to be importing some product to keep up with that growth rate. So it’s a balance but China is hitting its expectations for our plan this year where we are 85 cities now with Huggies versus 80 last quarter and still expect to get to 90 by the end of the year. The team over there is executing at a very high level.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I think we picked up a couple of share points in China over the last year. It’s a big market and so we are coming off a smaller base. So as we are moving in to participate in a broader segment of the category that’s part of it. I will also tell you, we are launching a super, super premium product to come at the very top end of the market. So we will actually be creating a new tier for those consumers that want the very best for their babies. So we have got a lot of action in China and are really trying to make sure we are available in all the formats that a mom might want.
Mark Buthman: None. Really nothing to speak of. We are still expanding and growing in Brazil as well. So actually our board was in Brazil for a week in June. We cut the ribbon on a new plant in the North Eastern part of Brazil. So we are expanding our capability in that market as well and seeing the growth results from that.
Mark Buthman: I really hate blaming anything on the weather, because it sounds kind of lame but we did have a cooler weather spring this year and we had a hotter drier spring last year. I think that's part of it, so Little Swimmers was the little softer this period of time. We don't think we are still digging into that to understand what's going on there and will we see that business come back over the summer month, so that's part of it. I think the diaper category overall, the birth rate was lower than we expected or longer than we expected. That's kind of piling up a little in the child care category, so that's a little weaker. So, those were some of the factors that drove that and so that's one that we are kind of big into a little bit in the second half as well.
Mark Buthman: Yes. I think in K-C Professional in particular you see things manufacturing both particularly seeing a little bit slower. We have a small scientific business that sells a lot into laboratories to do research and that one segment seems to have been a little bit more affected by the sequester, where any government funded research is more discretionary has been closed down, so that was a little weaker. Things are related to welding in general, where we sell a fair amount of supplies into that space were a bit slower. Other segments like lodging, we are okay. So, you saw that was pretty stable. Health Care, which affects both, our Health Care business and our KCP business, was less negative in the second quarter but was still negative in terms of overall surgeries. I think, year-to-date, the best data we have seen that surgeries are down about 3% is more like more of that in the first quarter than in the second, but still a drag year-on-year.
Mark Buthman: I think tissue and personal care or probably the child care segment was weaker than we had expected and it's a bit of a seasonal business because of the impact of Little Swimmers. So it's not always fair to compare that sequentially because, you will probably see, we sold more Little Swimmers in the second quarter than the first quarter but that's not necessarily a value comparison.
Mark Buthman: Yes, a good question, Javier. Two key drivers of that. One is, facial issue is our weakest in the second quarter and that's a higher margin item than the overall basket in consumer tissues. So obviously we do pretty well in the fourth quarter and first quarter with cold and flu. Second quarter, you have got spring allergy but it's an easy or light facial tissue quarter. So that affects your margin mix in that segment. The second driver was, in Europe, we had quite a bit of startup activity around some new Andrex product improvements that we are preparing. That was a drag on margin in the second quarter versus the first. That asset went down in the second quarter. I was in Europe in late June and went to the plant to see the new process and we are excited about the new product we are going to be making in the balance of the year but it did cost us some margin in the second quarter.
Mark Buthman: Everybody wants a piece of China, so when you go over there you will find every company you've ever heard of is trying to build the business there and so I think we are competing pretty well, but it's a big market and there is room for lots of competitors, but we also expect at some time it will rationalize. There's still hundreds of diaper brands that are local in the Chinese market. There's probably thousands of fem care brands as you add them up all across China. In the mean time, we are aiming at mom. We are doing well in the digital space in China, which is increasingly important channel, so we actually have a higher share in e-com in China than we would in the measured outlets and so we really feel like we have got underpinnings with great products, great brands and the team is executing pretty well on the field right now.
Mark Buthman: We usually see a dip in second quarter from first quarter, because there is a lot of promotion around cold and flu and we don't promote it heavily in the spring, because the consumer need isn't as great and so we typically see a dip in second quarter from first quarter, so little deeper than last year so you are down year-on-year, but we would expect that to come back from a dollar share standpoint in the back half
Mark Buthman: Yes. You are starting to see some of the margin improvement year-on-year in personal care from the European exit, so that's part of the year-on-year increase from that standpoint. We are well through the overhead savings. We should see a bit more of that flow in, in the back half, but I don't know if it will be big enough that we will call out in the G&A numbers but we'll expect to see the overall margin improvement from Europe will be a part of the story this year for sure.
Tom Falk: Yes. We took some price in the first quarter, really following some of the currency change that ran up in 2012. We are able put that into the market. The encouraging thing was, you saw the double-digit volume growth in diapers even with the double-digit price increase. So it was a good result, good execution by the team there.
Tom Falk: In diapers and our share calculation, we were flat sequentially and down about a half a point year-over-year and Lowe's was a big share gainer. Actually Lowe's took share from Pampers and from Huggies in the quarter. There was some hot promotional price points in certain channels that drove that and so we are going to make sure we are competitive and responsive to what's happening in the marketplace and we have got some terrific innovation that's launching that we are going to make more noise about in the back half so we would hope to recover some of those share impacts in the back half of the year.
Tom Falk: Well, I think this year quite frankly it'll be a bit of a challenge given that half of the year is already in the books at the three end of the range. But you if looked at it broadly and said, our categories are growing 3% to 4%, so to get to five you've got to take some share, you got to have some innovation beyond your core category growth. So, we think that's doable, but we also would say 3 to 5 is probably the range to plan for and we want to deliver that consistently over a long period of time.
Tom Falk: Yes. A couple of things. The underlying category trends we have talked a little about that the number of surgeries has been less than we have thought. I think everybody in the healthcare space is trying to figure that out. I think the best guess we have heard is that it's more and more consumers are in high deductible, consumer directed healthcare plans and that that's part of it. I think the other part is that you are seeing more of a push to alternate therapies before surgery. So rather than getting your knee sculped, go do PT for a couple of months and see how that goes before he puts in the hospital and cuts your knee open. So that's part of the of it. I think the other part that, as a synthetic nitro prices ran up last year, we were pretty aggressive on pricing on disposable exam gloves, and as a result, we have shut some volume in that process but it was lower margin volume and while it hurts your topline comparison, it's the right thing to do to get that business moving in the right direction.
Tom Falk: Yes. I mean there is not much price mix in that number. It's a pretty clean number. I will ask Paul if he wants to give you a more precise estimate.
Tom Falk: Very good. Well, once again we are pleased with the execution in the first half, not satisfied with the top line and expect us to see us continue to execute our global business plan and deliver value for shareholders. Thank you very much for your interest and support of Kimberly-Clark.
