Tom Falk: Good question. Wendy, on the first one, the restructuring; we will give you more color on that in the third quarter call. I mean at the minimum we are going to make sure we eliminate the stranded overhead and Mark gave you a guidance on the range of that as 2% to 3% of our operating profit. At the same time we're asking our teams broadly to say are there other things that as we look at Kimberly-Clarke post healthcare spin that we could do to make ourselves even more efficient. And so we’ll be evaluating those ideas over the next few months and give you more color on that in October.  On the Procter front, we've been going hard to drive dependent employees pretty aggressively as you’ve probably seen over the last several years. And I think having a great innovation portfolio behind those brands is the best defense for any kind of competitive activity. And so we'll continue to drive innovation and try to drive the category growth and we think that will serve us well over the medium-term.
Tom Falk: Sure, on the restructuring, I would say it’s primarily going to be cost related. I wouldn’t envision there is any product line exists, going on there and so it really is more just looking at our talent where we got it and we have the right capability in the right places and other things we can do better from a shared service or centrally, that we're taking a look at as a chance to look at your overhead structure when you have a transaction like the spin.  On the second question, on the pricing dynamic, we obviously haven’t seen full visibility of what Proctor is going to do. And so we'll make sure we're competitive in the marketplace. But behind a lot of the innovation that we brought -- we have brought DEPEND Real Fit for man and Silhouette for women to the market last year. That’s probably our most income challenged consumer. And because those products work so much better, we picked up 9 to 10 share points behind a more expensive product offering. And so we are not shy about pricing for the innovation when we’ve got real game changing innovation to bring to market.
Tom Falk: That’s a great question and I think if you look at where we got most of the price, it was in the markets that have had significant currency devaluation and local inflation as a result. So places like Brazil, Argentina, Russia, the Ukraine, other markets like that where you’ve seen pretty rough currency market. You've seen everybody and across all categories taking price pretty aggressively in a pretty good bit of inflation. So again I think a lot of that has happened and as we'll get some comp of that flowing through for the next several quarters. But I guess, I wouldn’t say that that’s a long term trend at this stage.
Tom Falk: I guess [indiscernible] tougher comps in the back half and I’d say that we gave the 3to 5 guidance we got 5 in already so I’m highly confident we'll be in that range where we could have a little slower growth rate in the back half than we did in the first half in part because of the tougher comps. In china particular, we still think the -- and I know the Nielsen data isn't showing this but we still think the diaper category is growing high single digits and there’s a lot going on in e-commerce that is being tracked in the Nielsen data that we’re seeing happen in those markets, and so we still got a lot of innovation coming there and really we’re just getting started in fem care with the relaunch there. We got a lot of additional product activity we can bring to those markets to continue to see growth and so, I’d say we continue to expect K-C International’s going to have high single digit growth for some time to come.
Tom Falk: I guess Javier, I wouldn’t assume that other companies aren’t getting the letters of credit at the 6-3 rate like we are, so I mean I think that may be in some categories and not others, the more essential you are, so diapers and bath tissue would be firmly in that area, the more likely you are to get the 6-3 rate. And as you look at 2013 data, Venezuela was a couple percent of sales and a little bit more than that as a percent of profits. It’s probably a little bit higher than that in the first six months of the year, so we've probably seen a little bit faster growth. If you look in the second quarter, I think of the double-digit KCI growth, Venezuela was about a 1 point of that. So, it’s not way out of proportion with the roll in the portfolio.
Tom Falk: I mean I think most of it is in place and it's just that as you compare it to prior year, you will have a positive comp for the next several quarters as that rolls through.
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean I think if you look at our shares in Mexico, they have been very stable and so the team has defended successfully. There is more competition in Mexico as both CMPC and Mabesa in particular have been aggressive in tissue and diapers. You are also seeing a relatively weak economic environment and a more challenged consumer. There has been some of the tax reform proposals that rolled some VAT through that took spending power out of the pockets of Mexican consumers that had an effect on category health broadly. And you are seeing that in some of the big retailers, I think some of the large retailers have had negative same-store comps for the last two quarters in a row which is the first time in my career I can remember that happening in Mexico.  And so the expectation for growth down there was to grow 3.5%, 4% and GDP has been growing more like 1% and that’s having a disproportionate impact on consumer confidence. And so again we have got big shares, we are defending them. We got good margins. We are largely protecting those but we are not getting as much growth out of that market as we would have hoped for this year. 
Tom Falk: Yes, we were sense only nickel and basically as we look at the back half of the year, we got half the year in and a $0.20 range seemed a little wide given as tight as we usually are around numbers and Mexico was down enough that we felt like that was probably the right signal. So, we'll give you another look at it in the fourth quarter, may narrow it further at that point in time, we'll see. 
Tom Falk: Well its certainly one that it has gotten better. We're just sorry you haven’t noticed it as much, Bill but it was down around 30 and it’s now up into the mid-30s again. Now that’s where it was before we got hit with a lot of the commodity cost inflation. And I do think that is a big driver of multiple long-term and so it's one of the things, one of the key metrics we focused on with each of business teams is as we bring innovation to market, is it gross margin accretive. And so that we're going to agree completely that’s a key driver of a healthy franchise long-term.
Tom Falk: Once again thank you for your interest in Kimberly-Clark. We continue to execute our plan effectively and expect to deliver continued strong results in the second half. Thanks very much.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Hi. I know you mentioned that you’re able to pass through the prices in the emerging markets generally but it seems like in KCI tissue volumes were a little bit weak, I wondering if you could give some color there historically.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and in the US away from home market I believe there was an effort to raise prices, I was just wondering if you could give an update on how that’s being accepted.
Gail Glazerman - UBS: Okay and then just last one on pulp, you talked about maybe firmer than expected virgin fiber pricing, I am just wondering if you could break that down between kind of the nature grade, soft wood, hard wood and soft pulp and what you’re seeing and expecting moving forward. 
Tom Falk:: Yes, took price a little bit more aggressively in a couple of markets and took some volume risk on that, Brazil was one that would come to mind, and sometimes when you take price and tissue you deal with de sheeting which shows up as negative volume and positive price so you may be selling a similar number of rolls but you’re actually, we measure volume in sheets not rolls, so that can be a part of it in some markets as well.
Tom Falk:: Yes, several of the competitors took price, we followed, that’s still rolling out as we speak, as you know in that market you got lots and lots of individual contracts and so it takes longer to have that price get betted down in the marketplace, but so far that seems to be rolling out reasonably successfully. 
Tom Falk:: Yes, as you probably recall Georgia-Pacific had some production problems where they were on allocation at the beginning of last year, early, first half of 2013, so they’ve come back with more promotion this year and are really trying to get their shelf space back and some of their market share back. Some of the other competitors in the marketplace have followed that and so we’ve tried to make sure that we’re competitive with primarily in Cottonelle, Scott tissues held up pretty well in this environment.
Tom Falk:: Yes, I mean Northern softwood and fluff pulp has probably been the stickiest and the list price hasn’t come down much, you are seeing some deals particularly on Northern soft wood below list price where we’re kind of just being bought off contract because I think the producers aren’t willing to bring the list down, so that’s making the list price a little bit less relevant to the everyday transaction price that's happening in the market place. Eucalyptus has probably been closer to what we were expecting, still maybe a little bit on the high end of the range but again, I’d say eucalyptus, you see more supply still coming into the market place and more of a predictable behavior there.
Tom Falk:: That’s a trick question, Connie, as to what the true exchange rate is in Venezuela at this point in time, but as we look at it and in fact we just reviewed this with our audit committee, couple of days ago, when we reviewed the 10-Q and the earnings releases, so there’s about a third of the companies that we’ve been able to track down there that are still using the six-three rate, there’s about a third that are using some form of a blended rate or the SICAD-I rate and there’re about a third that are using the SICAD-II rate and the choice as to which one they are using seems to have more to do with the type of business that they’re in and which rate they qualify for, so if you’re in the services arena you’re probably in SICAD-I, if you’re in the essential consumer products area you’re in the original CADIVI rate and so essentially the only exchange that we’re getting is at the six-three rate and we’ve got more foreign exchange in the second quarter than we even did in the first quarter at that rate.  So I think there has been some discussion with some Venezuelan government officials that they are considering aligning those at one rate. And I think that’s probably the long-term trajectory. At this point in time, it’s something we review every quarter and talk about what’s the right rate. But we’re not even eligible to apply for the SICAD-I or SICAD-II rate at this point in time. In the meantime we try to be completely transparent in the queue about what our balance sheet exposure is in Venezuela and so that investors if they believe there is a different rate that should be applied, they've got the information that they need to be able to do that.
Tom Falk:: Given that we’re still at getting the exchange at the 6-3 rate, it's difficult to argue for pricing at that point. So if and when the rate changes, then that will be a discussion at that point in time. In the meantime we're more focused on getting enough foreign exchange to be able to continue to run the mill, to bring in raw materials and to continue to bring in some finished product and so we work with the Venezuelan government authorities on that on a daily basis.
Tom Falk:: Sure, on the incontinence, I mean they just started shipping in the UK, just in the last month or so. So we’ve picked up some product samples and those are being tested, probably too early to tell. I'd say, at this point we would never take a competitor lightly. But we feel pretty good with the innovation program that we have and the things that we still have coming in our -- behind our dependent Poise business. On the positive side, if you’re going to be the optimist here. It’s that the Poise category in particular, the light bladder leakage category is still pretty underpenetrated and so having another competitor come in and talk about it from the consumer standpoint could benefit all of us, if the category grows more rapidly.  On the North American diaper front, yes, as you mentioned, we’re not satisfied with the share. I mean a lot of it has been lost particularly at a couple of large format retailers have been driven. So we are going to try to make sure we are more competitive in the second half and have more innovation coming across our Huggies line-up to get that brand back in a healthier growth profile.
Tom Falk:: Yes, I think the KCP business, weather was certainly a challenge, but as we look at it, we probably say we didn’t execute as well as we needed to. And so we're in the process of realigning some of our sales capabilities, and that probably was more disruptive than we would have thought. So we're focused on getting that business back on track, so a little bit better performance overall in the second quarter. So we had positive volume in North America, which was a good sign. We probably spent a little bit on price to get some of that which is where you saw the negative price. But we were aligning that team to have a stronger second half and we should see that play out in the marketplace.  
Tom Falk:: Yes, what we are seeing with Child Care is a couple of factors, it is primarily Pull-Ups. We are seeing growth in our size-6 diaper business; which would say that moms are keeping babies in diapers a little longer. And part of that is there is an economic issue where the Pull-Ups are more expensive per piece than a disposable diaper. And we’re also looking as to make sure that the Pull-Up is delivering on the product performance expectations where we are seeing a little bit more leakage in Pull-Ups and is that why the consumer is deciding to stay in diapers a bit longer. And so we’ve got initiatives behind both of those areas and I would expect to see some improvement in our Pull-Ups business in the back half of the year and in to early 2015.
Tom Falk:: To take a long-term view, we have been around a little over 140 years and our first product was Newsprint. So our portfolio looks pretty different today than it did then. And so I guess the answer is, we’re always continually challenging ourselves and what we can add to the portfolio to make us better and then are there other properties in the portfolio that we maybe aren’t the right owner of long term and we have been pretty disciplined about doing that over the years. This is I think my third spin-off but coming out of a big transaction like the spin, I'd probably say in the near term, the medium term, we are pretty happy with the portfolio. 
Tom Falk:: Yes, we have not done a bunch of strategic M&A in fact the one business that probably was doing some M&A was in our healthcare business and then when the spin happens I am sure that that team will have some interest in continuing to look to add healthcare properties to their portfolio. As I look at our core business, we have got enough organic growth opportunities in the emerging markets. Today, a high percentage of our business in the emerging markets is in diapers and bath tissue, we have got huge opportunities to continue to grow baby wipes and Pull-Ups and our adult care business, as the global population ages. So, our KCP business as the world industrializes, has a great growth opportunity for us outside North America and Europe. And so we see a lot of things that we can go chase with big opportunity that we already own and so we're focused on those probably more than looking for the strategic acquisitions.
Tom Falk:: Whenever you do a count change, we always get a little bit of a drop in volume because if you think about it the customers are ordering the same number of cases and the consumers are buying packages at the same rate and everyone’s inventory on average drops by the amount of the count change, so that’s not that unusual. We were probably six months later than our primary competitor in making the count change, so we probably had a price advantage for six months and now it’s more of an even competition on that front. So, I guess I would say that part of it, I could understand. We're also seeing those with a growth in Luvs and the feature promotion that they had in the second quarter that’s probably something that we will be more responsive to in the back half of the year both with innovation and making sure we are competitive in key areas.
Tom Falk:: Well if you think about it, we, both us and our primary competitor do this in a lot of different ways, so if you would go into China for example you'd find Pampers across all product tiers. You'd see the same thing for us in many markets and so it’s not unusual to have the same parent brand and you'll have a sub-brand, so Huggies Snug & Dry will be our tier 4 brand that we would be focused on competing more with Luvs and I was trying to make sure on the right package price and the overall value equation, product performance and price that delivers to the consumer in that segment. And Luvs is sort of priced above private label and below the Huggies and Pampers tier 4, and so just trying to get that gap right for the value that you are delivering in the product.
Tom Falk:: I mean we are seeing better quality private label. It hasn’t hit our shares at this point in time, so we see Cottonelle as a differentiated offer and Scott tissue has some of the most loyal consumers in the category. And so, it’s probably been a bigger factor for some of the other categories. I think in this last quarter private label bath was up about a share point year-on-year and so that’s not trivial but it’s something that we are watching but it hasn’t had a big impact on our business at this stage.
Tom Falk:: If you look at bath tissue and towels, you walk into every store in America and somebody’s branded towel and bath tissue is on deal every week of the year. And so we all take turns with the promotion, so the question is, are you going deeper, are you even trying to be even more frequent? But again, I think we've seen a little bit more depth of promotion from GP this year which is what both Procter and us to some extent have responded to.
Tom Falk:: That’s probably in the ballpark and we'll give you a more complete answer on the third quarter call when we give you the full scope of we figure out how much of the stranded cost we can take out. If we can take all of it out, there is a scenario where you might not have any dilution but we'll, I think for a working assumption for now that’s probably in the ballpark.
Tom Falk:: I'd say it’s like the rest of our business, we’re trying to do is products innovation wherever we can so continuing to drive premium variance even in launching flexible moist wipes in the bath tissue category around the world, in many of our international markets we’re selling Kleenex moist wipes for hand and face clean up and so we’re trying to really drive the higher margin segments of those businesses around the world, wherever we can to get the margins where they’re investible and not dilutive to the corporate average. We are to be sure focused on costs in that business because that is a key part of the P&L but it’s as much around innovation and mix management as it is a pure cost take out play.
Tom Falk:: Yes, I mean as we look at the North American tissue supply demand balance, there’s been some new assets brought on there’s also been a bunch of capacity taken out and typically in the branded, in the premium arena there hasn’t been that much that’s destabilized the market. At the low end when we look down at the away from home private label tissue market as sort of the bottom end, even that pricing hasn’t been way out of whack, so, so far we’re not seeing anything crazy happening and some of these guys may add capacity, they may wind up taking out some older rollout capacity at the same time and so just because somebody built the machine doesn’t mean that more consumers are going to choose private label.
Tom Falk:: I guess I would say this Ali, we probably would say, we’ve always had (proctors) [ph] of tough competitors so we know that they’re always going to be there and we run up against them everywhere in the marketplace, but they all look at it and say globally there’s more tough competition everywhere in the world, and so I look at the SCA coming out of Europe and they’ve been very aggressive growing their business in international markets, we’ve got both Unicharm and Cowle who are expanding out of Japan with terrific products in the personal care front, you know we’ve got the CNPCs of the world in South America that are moving north into Mexico and so there’s no shortage of people that get up every day wanting to eat our lunch.  So we use that within our own teams as a challenge for us to move even faster on the innovation front and to make sure we’re getting there with the best ideas in market, and that we've got the best marketing capability that we’re sharp on cost and that make sure that we can’t be beat wherever we choose to operate and so it is very much of a motivator for us to know you’ve got that much good competition coming after you every day.
Tom Falk:: Yes, no, we are behaving like there’s an acceleration so we are spending a lot more time, war gaming possible competitive activity as we think about launch plans in individual markets for example, Unicharm is about to launch in Brazil a diaper pant, they’ve been building the plant there for two years, and we’ve been planning our defense strategy in Brazil for two years and have launched every pant we can think of in the marketplace to occupy all the key strategy so we probably pulled ahead and accelerated innovation in that market to make sure we were positioned correctly when they did launch and so we are monitoring competitive activity much more closely around the world and trying to incorporate that into our business plan, so that we are as prepared as we can be to not just defend but to thrive in those markets.
Tom Falk:: Yes, I'd say that’s probably, because every additional city you bring on is probably slightly smaller than the last one. They are still cities of millions of people, so they are pretty good size chunks of business. We are seeing as you get traction in more and more places and are picking up share in those places but that’s -- you are getting probably more share gain although I would tell you any Nielsen data that you see in China, you should think twice about just because the coverage isn’t great yet.  I think may be the one thing that is different in China is the rapid growth of ecommerce and I think in some of the emerging markets in particular China, you could see a different form of retail development over time with a much bigger e-com particularly in areas with dense population and relatively low delivery cost. And so, I think we'll see how that plays out but we are obviously spending a lot of time with our digital marketing capability and our ecommerce team there to make sure we're fully represented in that channel.
