Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Here is the agenda for our call this morning. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results and he'll also give an update on the health care spin-off. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and the full year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our last Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both excludes certain items described in this morning's news release. The release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: Yeah, I think you should expect that the second quarter will look pretty similar to the first quarter. We had about 2 points of lower sales on restructuring activities. That's likely to be about right in the second quarter and then it should basically go away.
Paul Alexander: As a reminder, in 2013, Venezuela was about 2% of our total consolidated sales and about 3% of adjusted operating profit.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I guess I’d say Ali, if you look across our segments, I mean the only one that had negative price in the quarter was Health Care, and that's probably one that is a carryover of adjusting some of the exam glove prices related to the fall-off of synthetic nitrile. So as the commodity cost in that particular area has dropped, we've seen more price drop there. Across the balance, I would say we've done a pretty good job in K-C International of getting price to wherever there's been major currency weakness, particularly in Latin America. In North America, broadly there has been relatively little price. We've gotten a little bit in tissue through some de-sheeting and you saw that in the quarter. We've got a little bit in diapers. Again, there we got some of the count reduction. It's just starting to go into effect. We didn't get much of that in the first quarter, so you'll get a little bit more in the second quarter. And I think broadly, our strategy is to try to line up where we can and be competitive in the marketplace and then win on innovation, and that's a strategy that's worked pretty well for us over the long term.
Tom Falk: Well, if you look at the amount of price that we got, it was roughly equal to the amount of cost inflation that we had in the quarter. I think it was what Paul, $60 million-ish of price and about $65 million of cost inflation. So if you just looked at those two numbers, obviously currency was a factor as well, and there was a lot of other moving parts, but those two more or less lined up.
Tom Falk: I guess on the first question on the online versus offline in diapers versus tissue, I'd say the Personal Care stuff is probably a little bit more efficient to ship on an online environment. It's not to say that you won't see it in the offline or having tissue move into online as well, but I do think Personal Care, diapers in particular is a bigger item. And I think many of the online retailers want diapers for a lot of the same reasons that other retailers are focused on that category, because they want to get the young family as a regular customer. So, I remember not that many years ago when Toys"R"Us was our largest diaper customer, because they were trying to capture the young family at that point. So I guess I would say I don't expect that gap to close. I would expect diapers and Personal Care will probably be bigger online, but we'll see if we're out by everything online, then maybe that gap will eventually close. On the portfolio shaping question, we've been around for 140 years and our first product was newsprint. And so thankfully, it's people who have been shaping our portfolio for a long, long time. So at this point, I don't see a path to what you described that you break them apart. There's a lot of efficiency in going to market together. Tissue is a strong cash generator, but there are some markets in the world where we don't have a big tissue presence. Today, our business in China is predominantly Personal Care, although we've got a rapidly growing KCP business in China, which is again tissue related in many areas. So again, we think we're doing all the right things to shape the portfolio. We'll continue to challenge and test that, and we're not afraid to make calls that we think are shareholder-friendly over the long term.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think on the incentive comp, last year's first quarter was a little high. And so, it's partly removing the accruals around for the three-year restricted shares, and as you start to have your performance level and plans tick up, so we topped it up a bit last year in the first quarter. This year, with some of the weakness in currency, it got reduced a little bit. So the net swing was probably a good chunk of the swing on the G&A front, but nothing fundamentally changing on the plans beyond that. And then on the advertising, we're basically down 10 basis points from last year, but up nicely sequentially. And so, we'd say last year's first quarter was the highest quarter of the year, and so we were well above the other three quarters in the first quarter. We've also got a little bit more back-end loaded innovation. So we feel pretty good about the level of spend in advertising. I think research spending was up 10 basis points in the quarter, so we continue to invest in R&D and product development.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think it's probably a little early. We'll give you more color on the second quarter. The Form 10 comes out, you get a good look at the historical financials of the thing. And so you'll have a chance to do that. And we'll have more detail on what the impact is going to be. Mark mentioned some restructuring activity, what stranded cost that we have that we're going to get rid of. So we're actively working on all that stuff and we'll have more to talk about that in the second quarter call.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I would say I feel pretty good about the capacity balance in North American tissue. At this point, if I look at the volume weakness that we had in North America in the first quarter, it was more to do with weak cold and flu season and some shortfall in facial tissue. Our continental business has done a little bit, but we had a very strong first quarter last year because of some of the challenges that GP had had. And so at this point, we feel pretty good about our innovation strategy. We launched Viva Vantage, which is a new paper towel, and that's off to a good start in the quarter. And so I think we've got a pretty big innovation portfolio. We're working across all those brands. And I'd expect to continue to drive those businesses. Growth rates, they're not going to be as high as the adult care business in North America, but we still think there is opportunity for innovation and mix accretion there.
Tom Falk: Gail, I hate blaming weather for anything, because you'd like to think that our products are more essential. So I was really picking on our K-C Professional team when they were trying to explain this to me with weather. People who have didn't come to work, didn't use hand towels. People are more able to get to the welding job site didn't use our safety products. And so we really lost hours of work in the first quarter. That was a significant hit. When you talk to our distributor customers, they would say they're seeing in their numbers in the first quarter and most of those guys are not public reporters. So you may be not as able to see it as easily. And they saw the March volumes picked up and they're feeling like back to more of the underlying rate of growth in the economy. So we'll see. But we've got a pretty aggressive plan baked in to try and get as much of that back in the last nine months as we can. But some of those hours lost due to weather aren't going to be recovered.
Tom Falk: Yeah, if you look at our fem care share, we have been launching a lot of innovation on tampons and have got some of really unique and terrific products that are out there and doing well in the marketplace. On the pad side, we've probably lost share on our Kotex Natural Balance and have not gained at all back on U by Kotex. And so we do have some innovation coming on the pad business. And the encourage thing is a lot of that innovation is already launching in other markets outside the US. And I mentioned in my remarks that we're actually seeing double-digit growth in fem care outside the US, which is well faster than the category growing in those markets. So we're encouraged and we expect to see some better trajectory in the US later this year.
Tom Falk: Pads is historically a stronger gross margin business for us, but we're also doing some work on our cost structure to get our tampon business more efficient going forward. And so we're hoping to close some of that gap.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I would say part of it has to do with cycle of innovation. So if you looked at China, we've been growing at 40 and now I think in the first quarter, we were at 30. We were at 70-ish cities and now we got 90 by the end of last year. We went from 90 to 95 in the first quarter. So the rate of new city expansion is probably slowing a little bit, which is why those numbers are coming down. In Russia, we launched a number of diaper pant codes last year in a boy/girl format that's really taking off. And so that market ramped up from kind of high single-digits to mid-20s. And so that's probably the face of it there. In Brazil, we also have launched diaper pants and are expanding it into the Northeast part of the country. We've been represented there, but it's really we're putting more feet on the ground and more capability there. And so each market has got its own story as to what's going on. But mostly, it's broader distribution and timing of when innovation gets launched that can drive it from quarter-to-quarter.
Tom Falk: I mean there's a lot of competition everywhere. So in China in particular, Proctor, Unicharm, Kao are all over the mid and premium tiers. Hang On is all over the lower part of the marketplace. And so we feel like we have a winning product everyday to be able to compete and are really focused on that. Brazil, P&G is a big competitor in Brazil and Unicharm is just building a plant to launch there later this year. And so we're really trying to make sure we're driving as much innovation into the market and be prepared for that and have a very strong position in the marketplace before competition comes. In Russia, we've run into P&G as well as some other local competitors. So yeah, there is no shortage of people that want to launch everyday.
Tom Falk: I think that at this point, we feel like we've done a pretty good job of getting price into the marketplace, but there's also been quite a bit of volatility. If FX markets continue to move in particular markets, we won't be shy about taking additional price. And again, some of it was taken during the quarter, so may not have been fully reflected in the quarter. So you could have some rollout effect later in the year. But broadly, we've been pretty aggressive about trying to take prices as these exchange markets have moved.
Tom Falk: So if you look at northern softwood, which we are calling our outlook as around $1,000 a ton give or take. The March price is $1,030. Eucalyptus, we're calling that for more $800 to $830 and the March price was $870. So on average for the year, we're probably not quite as aggressive. It depends on when you assume the (inaudible) thing happens. If you average that for the year, we're probably more in line.
Tom Falk: I don't think I can remember in my entire career a situation like this in a significant currency market where you've got a range from 6 at the rate to if you look at SICAD II it's trading at 50. And so I do think that something is going to happen to close that gap at some point, because it's not sustainable to have that kind of a spread in a marketplace. And so I'm looking at this from two perspectives, what do we need to do operate in Venezuela, so how do we set pricing, how do we import product, how do we pay the bills and manage our exposure level. So that's one set of activities. Today, we're getting all the funds related to import at least in the first quarter at the (inaudible) rate. And we're not eligible, even applied for the SICAD I rates. And so as SICAD II just started to trade, very little funds have flowed through that and it's unclear whether anybody has gotten any money out of the country using that mechanism. So we're going to continue to watch this. I would guess at some point, something is probably going to happen to narrow that gap. And in the meantime, we feel like we've given enough transparency. We'll also be filing our 10-Q today. It's the first time we filed the Q on the same day of the earnings call with a little bit more disclosure. So everyone will be able to see what our balance sheet exposure is. We've given enough information about how big it is in the income statements, about investors that want to apply different rate to those have got the ability to do that.
Tom Falk: It really depends on pricing. So I mean that's the other dimension here is that the price control of economy. And so you can make any exchange rate work if you get pricing really. And so it's a question of what way are you going to get funds and each of those individual exchange rates can you price for them in the business where there's enough margin to make sense to operate. So that's why you come back and say, if we're running all the different scenarios if we could only get money at this rate, what price level we have to achieve to have an operation that makes sense.
Tom Falk: Yeah, it's probably more that last year's first quarter was a little high. If you're going to go look back, it was one kind of a high watermark, I think, in recent quarter as a percent of sales. And so this quarter is a little bit lower than average. And part of that was related to incentive comp was probably the biggest swing. And it was more about every quarter we're looking at our three-year forecast. We got the restricted shares that vest on three-year improvement in sales and ROIC and looking at what our plan looks like and making adjustments up or down. Last year's first quarter was a little higher. Increase in expense this year's first quarter was a small decrease in expense, and that swing drove a good share of the difference.
Tom Falk: Yeah, we would say that this year should be flat to down slightly for SG&A is a good planning assumption.
Tom Falk: Yeah, we've got a pretty full calendar around the world of diaper and fem care, adult incontinence improvements coming to market. So you'll hear more about things happening on that front. It's probably a little back-end loaded this year relative to maybe where it's been in the past, but still should see a solid progress on that front. And we feel we've got pretty good momentum happening in the business right now.
Tom Falk: We really didn't see a big impact on the business. Obviously, it's part of the world we're watching very closely and trying to make sure our people were safe and that our supply chains were secure. And we really didn't have any product supply problems. With some of the currency swing in Russia, we were able to get a little bit of price on Personal Care as it reflected some of the import portion of the materials. And I think Ukraine is a relatively small business for us, but didn't have any significant disruption there that was obvious in the numbers anyway. So no, it was a pretty solid quarter for that part of the world.
Tom Falk: We just put the dollar exposure on the balance sheet in the Q and then you can apply whatever rate to it that you'd like.
Tom Falk: On the diaper question, in the US, and so basically if you look year-on-year in the quarter, we're probably down a couple of share points on Huggies. Most of that is lost to Luvs. So Pampers has basically been about flat. And so sequentially our diaper shares are actually up just a tick, but relatively flat in this environment. And so as we look at the price change roll into the marketplace, we fully realize it on the super-premium part of the lineup that competes most with Pampers and we're only taking a part of the increase on the main line to try to narrow the gap with Luvs, because Luvs did fully participate in the price count change that went into effect in the fourth quarter. So we're hoping we can actually narrow the price gap a bit with Luvs on the main line business and line up on the premium business. On the Mexico question, K-C Mexico is going to announce earnings later this week. And so I'll let them give you a little bit more color on their call. I guess I would say broadly economic conditions in Mexico continue to be challenging with less growth overall in the economy than forecasted. And they had a fairly challenging fourth quarter. And I'd say some of the same challenges that they had in the fourth quarter seem to continue into the first quarter. But the team down there is committed to continue to improve their business and they've got a solid track record and they'll deliver improved results in the back half for the year.
Tom Falk: It's pretty simple, Javier. If we get letters of credit to bring product and we bring it in and sell it in the marketplace. If we don't, we don't. And so in the fourth quarter, we got quite a few letters of credit. We brought the product in, in the first quarter and sold it through in the marketplace. And it was probably more heavily oriented to bath tissue. And so if you look at our international tissue growth in the Consumer Tissue category, it was probably more driven by Venezuela this quarter than it would have been in the past. If you look at the total K-C International topline, it was probably a couple of points of extra boost to the K-C International topline in the quarter, but that would be more the nature of it.
Tom Falk: I don't have the numbers in front of me. We can give you more detail. But it's a couple of percent of our sales. And K-C International was 39% of our overall sales. So you can kind of figure out. You can get close enough to the math, I would guess.
Tom Falk: Obviously it's one-time in the sense that we hope that doesn't happen again, but it's also one of the things you're planning around the world that the governments can adopt unusual tax positions that you didn't expect. And I'll have Mark give you a little bit more color. But essentially, we put capital into a market and the government decided to apply a value-added tax to that capital contribution. We obviously disagreed, but we lost the court case. So we booked a non-recurring charge.
Tom Falk: Yeah, it was all currency transactional losses and probably heavily oriented to the Ukraine and I think there was the other market, Argentina. So wherever you saw big currency ships and we had a dollar-based payable, you wind up taking a hit on the transactional currency line. You can't hedge some of these markets effectively. And so that flows through other income and expense.
Tom Falk: Well, we're off to a good start, no question. They had some one-timers that went against them. Last year in the first quarter, they probably had a couple of things that broke their way this year's first quarter. So I wouldn't necessary apply this margin rate to the full year. They're probably a little ahead of expectation. So I think the good news is, is that while we're doing all this work to get ready for the spin, the business is continuing to operate and execute in a very effective level and they had a solid first quarter overall top and bottomline.
Tom Falk: It's probably not so much pension helping us, Chip, as the other incentive comp that we talked about earlier that was in there last year and that was high last year and down this year.
Tom Falk: So once again, solid first quarter, lots of things going on in the business. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
