Michael Hsu: Yes, no, absolutely. So a few things. I mean, we don't speak about gross margin. But just to give you a context, Lauren, year-over-year, we did have a meaningful gain in gross margins on the segment, over 200 basis points. We on a quarter-over-quarter, you're always going to see a few puts and takes depending on mix and elements that flow through. But net-net, I mean, we are seeing an upward trend, so I wouldn't get too hung up on the overall movement quarter-to-quarter for the segment. Because overall, we are seeing an upward trend and recovery on the margins.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Lauren. Yes, I mean, I think when we talk about elevating, that holds for all our businesses around the world, and certainly consumer tissue, personal care, professional, we're happy to invest in all those. And it's paying out as Nelson just mentioned, in the UK, organic growth was up double digits, share continues to be strong and robust on Andrex. And part of that is because along with some pricing, we have upgraded the quality over the last couple of years. And so we feel good about that, where we stand there. And really proud if you look at year-on-year, I think our between the lines investment we mentioned was up about 190 basis points over the prior year. And that reflects our commitment to the brands and our belief that we got great commercial programming to invest behind.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I'd say overall, Lauren, pricing initiatives, our net revenue management initiatives are on track, generally, across our business, personal care, professional and consumer tissue. We're cognizant of the same discussions and similar pressure, and we will see maybe a little bit more promotional activity than we've seen in the past prior, maybe in the prior six months. But I think thus far, it's, we're not, it's not showing up in the results, or dramatically impacting our results. For the quarter, we had a very solid quarter across Western Europe. Demand was up about double digits, our organic was up about double digits, volume hanging in there pretty well. And so we feel good about where we are, but also recognize that yes, it's going to be a competitive environment. And we have to be prepared for that. The great thing is as you've heard us talk about, we've invested in enhancing our revenue growth management analytic capability. And so we feel like, we'll be able to make the right investments at the right time. That will be wise and not just overreact to things.
Michael Hsu: Okay, and then maybe on the consumer tissue, or maybe it's a portfolio question, Javier, I'd say, hey, we love all our businesses, and the segments that we operate in. Certainly and as we talk about elevate and expand, we're elevating and expanding all those categories. And so we remain committed to that. That said, we are cognizant that performance of some businesses especially in consumer tissue is a little bit more variable. And so I think we've been on the record in the past, our consumer tissue in the North America is a little bit more profitable, and some our international businesses, but we have very strong profitable international businesses as well. And so the decision around exiting Brazil tissue, I think, is specific to the conditions in Brazil, what I've said in the past around portfolio is, hey, we're going to look to add businesses most more, with a greater focus on personal care, I would say, internationally, where there's a lot of growth opportunity. Indonesia is one great example where while we just reduced our medium term expectations for that business with the impairment, we still see a very long and bright future in that country for us. And we remain committed to Indonesia for long term because at some point, it's going to be in the top three of the largest type of markets in the world, and it's probably around the corner for us. And so we remain excited about that. But that said, there are other markets that are more structurally challenged. And so Brazil tissue was one of those. And that was driven by, we would say, some policies that encouraged capital investment into tissue making. And so there was a lot of capacity coming in, and we felt like the Neve business and brand would have been in better hands with Suzano, than with us. And so we made that transaction. So I think our, we're looking at, we love all the sectors that we're in, but we're going to make decisions based on local market conditions and make sure our brands can be competitive for the long term.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I guess it's always possible, Javier, I wouldn't overread into it. I mean we're comfortable with our businesses and how they're performing where they are. But that said, I think if I would probably say we're going to stay close to local market conditions and make sure it's something I've talked about internally with our management, which is businesses need to perform for us. And so while we love all our businesses, they do need to perform and performance as part of the game for us. And so that's probably the bigger barometer for us.
Michael Hsu: Okay, Chris, let me start and Nelson maybe give me some more specifics around the volume versus price. But hey, we're pleased with our volume trends. Certainly as just to refresh your memory, Chris, we moved relatively early on pricing, we move pretty quickly. And so a lot of our pricing went in last year maybe in the front half of the year, we should start to cycle the price element of the P&L as we approach the back half. And so what we would expect to see our volume trends improve, and we are encouraged, because we have seen sequential volume improvement overall in the business, and then specifically by sector, kind of as we've gone through the year, and so, we expect to continue to see that. That said, as I said on the call our market shares a little soft, we were up or even in just below 40% of our cohorts, our market category combinations, which is a little less than we would prefer, right, we want to be over 50%. And so one is the big drivers behind that, Chris, I'd say a couple things. One is, we were quick on pricing. And so in the parlance of one of our general managers, we're seeing competition, quote, unquote, scrape us a little bit and that means kind of lagging the price to take advantage perhaps on the share momentum side. And so that's one aspect. The other aspect is we are cycling a host of one offs and supply challenges is also relevant to Lauren's question when she asked about tissue margin, there's a lot of noise in our numbers just because we're now lapping the third order effects of the Texas storm, there's still supply challenges, et cetera. But with that said, there's a bunch of one off thing related to both supply and the cycling that affect the business and then we, to be true we definitely have some competitive issues that are I would say normal across our business. And we'd like to see performance improve in a few markets. And that's why we want to continue to invest. And we're committed to investing more behind our brands, we feel great about the innovation that we have coming, generally globally, and we feel great about our commercial programs, and recognize that there's better opportunities for us to be felt that our investment to support the brands. We are, Chris, I'd say we're not really focused on driving promotion to kind of earn back that share. Maybe we would respond certainly to competitive conditions. But I'm much more focused on earning for the long term. And that means kind of driving consumers, or encouraging consumers to try our products, and then having them stay there because they liked the quality of our products. And so that's really our focus. Nelson, you want to—
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Chris, the headline for me is the cost environment for us, has stabilized and that's really, really good news for us after cycling, I mean, 2021 and 2022, where we had record inflation for us while it's still modestly inflationary, we can operate very well in a stable cost environment. And so we're seeing both input costs stabilized and also the supply environment while we still have some sporadic outages in supply it's much improved. And so we're bullish on the road ahead for us on the cost environment.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Dara, yes, definitely, I believe the shares will improve. We feel very confident in our programming and our innovation that's coming. And year-to-date, we feel really good about what that's done in the marketplace. I would say, the recent softness is, as I mentioned earlier, Dara, primarily related to the relatively faster pace of our price advances last year. And so that kind of really is the primary effect. But I would also say, in North America, specifically we are facing a fairly tough comp, just to refresh your memory, I think personal care, in personal care we were up 14%, in the year ago quarter, and across both personal care and tissue market shares were a bit elevated, that was an artifact. And I think we've talked about this time a year ago, which was, we're out of, our supply was tight in the first and second quarter of 2021. And so we had the kind of restock impact and the kind of reselling impact in the year ago quarter, and we're cycling that now. So we did see our shares were higher in the year ago quarter higher than they historically were. And I think that was related to the, I would say coming back into business in Q2 of 2022. But that said, we're not satisfied with our share performance. And definitely want to be up or even in over half. And so we are committed, we feel very good about our programming, especially in North America, I mentioned our Baby Butts advertising in our product improvements in North America on Huggies, and so we feel good about where we are, and we're going to continue to invest in the brands and make sure that we continue to touch base by consumers and encourage them to try our products and return.
Michael Hsu: Well, just to point out, Dara, I think I don't have the numbers for this year yet. The last year, our contribution to sales from innovation was probably among the highest in the industry. And so we do track, we do have a couple internal metrics around, net incrementality. And then percent of sales related to the innovation. And so we felt very strong last year. And so we felt good about that. But that said some of the things that I just showed on the slides in our presentation this morning, we feel good about really good about the technology, and the product innovation on the premium side that we're having in diapers, especially in China. In China, organic was up nearly double digit against the backdrop where the category is declining double digit, and so, and we've doubled our super premium mix over the last year or so. And then as I mentioned, on the slides, we've launched two really exciting products over Cottonelle six funnel that features really a two zone liner, that one that handles the urine, and one that handles the solid waste, right as a as I like to say poop, and then we have something that we're calling oxygen bar pro, which is really, really high breathability diaper, which moms in China really love and so we feel good about that. And we're bringing technologies like those around the world.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Nik, we feel good about our investment levels. I mean, they have ramped up significantly over the last five years. And again, as I just mentioned we're up about 190 basis points year-to-date, between the lines of which Nelson you said about half is on the advertising side. And you really the model is we're investing in the advertising, primarily to support the innovation. And so we feel very good about our programming. And as I've said, on prior calls, and Alison, our Chief Growth Officer has said at CAGNY presentations what we're really focused on kind of big unmet needs, or internally, we'll call those demand spaces where we feel like, hey, there's important things that the consumers are looking for out of the category in a category like diapers, or adult care that may be around absorption or protection. I mentioned skin health earlier, which is something that hasn't been a big part of this category, where we think, is a very important part of the category, particularly as it relates to solid waste. And then comfort, fit, breathability are all big factors. And so those are kind of big areas for us to get better in where I feel like the categories can do a much better job over time. So and we shared a lot of our thinking around innovation with our customers over the long term, and they remain very excited. And we're receiving very strong customer support for innovation. So I think your point, yes, is there going to be more innovation from other manufacturers and across the category? Yes. But our focus is on driving the big innovations that we have, and making sure that we invest materially behind those to make sure that we can drive the conversion in the minds of the consumer.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Anna, I would say consumer demand remains resilient. Our categories thus far remain healthy and demand has been robust, just pick up a few numbers, I mean, North American consumer across our categories, is not just the categories of high single digit. Western Europe, which is a big developed market for us, teens in Latin America, double digits, KC Professional globally was up double digits. And so, I would say the category overall demand remains pretty robust. Are we aware of concerns around the corner regarding related to the economy and economic pressures, for sure. And we talk about that all the time, thus far it has not materialized. In the second quarter, the elasticity impact has remained muted, somewhat muted. Just to give you an example, on diapers in the category for the quarter price was up six, and volume was up one, so that would probably say the elasticity impact has not been as we typically model. And so I I'd say on that side it does reflect the essential nature of our categories. So, our volume trends as we kind of cycle our pricing from year ago we expect our volume trends to continue to improve and we think should improve in the back half, in addition, driven by the commercial programming innovation that we've been talking about. And so I think overall I'd say healthy, not seeing a whole lot of broad scale down tearing. We do see in pockets there is continued demand for premium and big development markets like the US like China, even in Brazil and Argentina, we're seeing actually the premium tiers start to grow and the value tiers contract a little bit. There are some pockets of down tearing. We're seeing that in Southeast Asia, some markets in Latin America, and but we're in to manage through that we're going to continue to sharpen our value propositions. I mean, we're very interested in serving all consumers as category leaders. We feel like we need to serve both in the consumers that are looking for premium products, but also the ones on the value side as well. And so we have a broad portfolio that spans value to premium. And we're doing things like adjusting counts to make sure our large packs remain competitive and affordable. We're sharpening our entry price points and small format stores, to make sure that consumers can afford to be in the category. And then probably most importantly, in my mind is we've talked a lot about innovation. We are doing a better job of accelerating or cascading, that innovation through our tiers from premium to value. And so that's kind of how we will manage through it.
Michael Hsu: Well, I'll answer the second part first, Anna, we are, I would say we're highly efficient on the marketing side. I mean, we've invested quite a bit over the last several years around revenue management analytics, marketing ROI analytics, and so we maybe to a fault, we're perhaps overly analytical in terms of how we invest. But in general, I feel very good about the returns are getting we're getting, which is why, which is also why it gives us the confidence to invest more. We recognize we're not spending fully at the levels of some of our competitors. But we've made significant progress over the last few years, I think we're up several 100, or a few 100 basis points in advertising spending over the last five years. And so we're, I would say, pleased with that progress, but not satisfied. And part of the whole reason why we're very focused on being disciplined about how we drive both revenue, volume mix, innovation is that we feel like it's important to continue and invest behind these brands. Because that's the way that we can drive category growth and serve our consumers better.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea. Yes, thanks for the question. I don't know if how well I can answer it all because we I don't think we outlook kind of the components of price mix volume. However, I would say, am I expecting an inflection on volume? For sure. At some point, I don't know when that's going to be but at some point, I want volumes to be positive. And just to give you, refresh your memory pre- COVID, I think for the three years leading up to our -- a lot of our revenue growth was primarily volume driven. And so I do expect us and this is why we're investing in innovation and commercial programs. For the business to grow healthy long term, we need the volumes to be up. And so yes, for sure I'm expecting an inflection end of point.
Michael Hsu: Again, I said our volume trends are improving. I can't give you the inflection point. And I'm not going to forecast or give guidance on an inflection point. However, I would point out the majority of our pricing initiatives were more front end loaded or front half loaded last year, and so we are starting to cycle those. And so I would expect our, the contribution of revenue from price to diminish and hopefully the contribution to revenue from volume and mix to continue to improve.
Michael Hsu: Yes, couple things, Jason. I think great point, thing I'll say is generally at this point I would say we've seen list prices move but when I say quote unquote, scraping or let your word lagging, I'd say we have seen a little bit higher promotion in some markets, particularly in Latin America, in Brazil, for instance. We've seen continued promotional activity. So I think that has been what we've observed more and more commonly. The list prices had lagged for a period, at this point, I'd say a lot of the brands have had moved as well. And so overall, I'd say the tactic is around the promotional side. And as I've mentioned, Jason, hey, we're going to be smart about it, it's not the way that we think is the valuable way to build the business in these categories. And so but we have invested in our GMK capability, we do know, the analytics, and we can make wise investments around promotion. That the bigger thing is, and I think to your point, yes, I'm not going to live with, we have to grow shares over the long term to sustain the business, just like we have to have volumes up. And so market shares need to grow. That's why our goal is to be upper even in more than in about half or more. And that's the goal. And so, but that's also why you've heard us talk quite a bit about our innovation and commercial programs. It's why we spent a lot of time with consumers talking about them and spent a lot of time with our customers talking about them, and we feel good about where we are. But I think you're certainly pointing to the one area that I feel like we really need to improve, and we're committed to doing that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe, Peter, I'll just add just the outlook as Nelson just teed up really does reflect the strength of our first half and our confidence in our underlying plan. As I mentioned earlier, our categories, thus far remained healthy. And demand has been robust. We've strong innovation and commercial lineup, and we feel great to be investing more than that. The cost environment has been stable. And so while it's still a headwind, I'd say we're seeing glimpses of reversion. And so that's a good thing. But the other part of it, in our outlook embedded in it, and it is we do expect ongoing volatility. And so certainly as you're well aware, there's a lot of economic uncertainty in our major markets, soft versus a hard landing and the implications for consumer spending first and foremost. We're still dealing with a lot of political uncertainty, including the effects of the war. And then as I mentioned earlier, we still have some sporadic supply challenges, while it's much improved versus where it was two years ago. We still have some outages and so there's some inherent volatility, but overall, we feel very good about where the business is and where we're going and feel very good about our outlook.
Michael Hsu: Well, certainly I'll start with, I don't think I'm going to give you guidance on ‘24 yet, but I think definitely very pleased with our progress on margin recovery. Certainly, as you saw our gross and operating margins expand, I think we've done a great job with the revenue realization managing the cost environment, and so we feel very good about that. Our goal is to restore our margins to where they were back in 2019, our gross margins. I think we are making that progress, but we are not going to stop there either. So when I got into this role back in 2019, I said at that time one of our goals is to expand our margins over time. And so what we're trying to do, Peter, is one, restore, and then when we get there then we need to expand and there's not two parts of the plan. There's one plan. And so we're going to continue to work that all the levers that we've talked about, both from a revenue management perspective and a cost management perspective, to drive ongoing margin expansion.
Michael Hsu: Okay, thank you all for joining us for the call today. We look forward to seeing you in Q3, at the end of Q3. Thank you.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So yes, so to give you a sense, I mean, of the increase that we're seeing in between the lines, about half of that would be on support behind the brands, the advertising and promotional activities. And it's largely advertising, because of all the products that we've been not just launching, but upgrading and some of the campaigns that are underway. The other half really relates to a couple of things. One, we've been increasing investments behind certain capabilities. And that continues revenue growth management, our digital agenda, which includes upgrades that we're doing to some of our systems, including the migration to S4 HANA, and some of the other capabilities that we're laying on a multiyear basis across the enterprise. And then last but not least, is labor inflation, which, again, hits on the overheads and some of the compensation increases, but really impact us in April, it's starting in the second quarter, so that because of the timing of our merit increase.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, and then to add some flavor, Chris, on the outlook, and what we've seen, in terms of volume, I mean, at some perspective, I mean, we've seen continued improvement in our volume trends. If you step back Q4 of last year volumes were down 7%, Q1 of this year, volumes were down 5%. Q2, the quarter, we just closed volumes were down 3%. Many of the actions that we have to take to deal with the inflation go back to the first half of last year, the majority of them. So as we step into the third quarter of the year and the fourth quarter, we will begin lapping some of them, and what we would expect that this point of we're projecting is the volumes to continue to improve on a sequential basis as the year progresses. And the overall revenue growth management actions should decrease in terms of the impact they're having on the top line growth. We've already seen that from a sequential quarter, Q1 to Q2, that came down. And then mix, we've been doing about a point, I would expect that to be the same as we progress.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, so just to give you a context, I mean on a, we, the latest guidance that we have on costs on input cost inflation is that it would be at around $100 million. So that's about $50 million better than what we were forecasting back in April, when we last talked. Through the first half, we are at about $190 million negative. So it's an impact. So evidently, what's going to happen is we're seeing about a $90 million give or take benefit, as we go into the balance of the year. We will see some of that coming in Q3. And then the balance, obviously, in Q4, what we're seeing is versus our prior outlook, the overall fibre complex has gotten a little bit better, and distribution costs have gotten a little bit better. I will, however, just highlight that on a year-over-year basis, we're still seeing pulp and the overall fiber complex inflationary for us. Even though if you take it as a whole, the latest outlooks have fiber being year on year down in the mid-teens, if you aggregate everything. So net-net that's come down distribution is about flat now year-over-year for us. And then the only big cost bucket that's down significantly continues to be the resin complex, which again, that's down overall for the quarter 50%. So we're projecting about 40% down.
Nelson Urdaneta: And, Anna, another point on the investment, keep in mind that we have three segments, and we don't invest at the same level in each segment. So what we disclose is a total number for the company. So if you take as an example, KC Professional, the level of investment behind KC Professional is not going to be anywhere near what we're doing on personal care. And if you look at consumer tissue, it will vary by market. So we look at that very closely. And as Mike said, we are very focused on return on investment and being efficient on those dollars that we spend per segment.
Nelson Urdaneta: So, I would point you, Andrea, to the following, we've seen sequentially in the last couple of quarters, an improvement of about 200 basis points in volume. So we went from down seven to down five to down three. Now, as Mike said, we're not going to, we don't forecast or disclose the next quarter and break down, et cetera. But clearly, you're seeing that the volumes have been improving sequentially. And that has to do one with the pricing, but also with some of the innovation and the products we have been putting out in the marketplace, and the increased investments behind the brands. So yes, we are expecting volumes to improve continuously. I mean, that's our expectation. We are expecting revenue growth, management realization to be less of a driver. And again, that has played out over the last few quarters. And as I explained earlier, so that's kind of the way to think about it as the year progresses. And yes, we will get back to positive volumes. That's the plan on that end. In terms of the operating profit. Again, I'll try to address the question. So your point around, what are we flowing? How is it going? We've got a few things playing out in terms of operating profit, I mean, one, we have a slightly better performance in the first half. And we're flowing part of that flow because we know that's coming through the actuals. But also, we're having a better outlook on costs. And that's also equating into better performance on the outlook for EBIT, which I believe that's a question you had. For EPS, there are a few puts and takes in the quarter. Yes, tax rate was a bit of a driver, but we're still expecting the tax rate for the year to be in the 23% to 25%. So think of that more as a timing. We're not moving away from the guidance in terms of tax. And then between the lines, there's really not much of a bigger driver apart from that, that I would highlight at this point.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, sure. Let me walk a little bit through the outlook and some of the components that we have. And as a reminder, Peter, what I stated at the last call was that our expectation was at least 230 basis points because it was a straight math. Obviously, we've reached a 34% gross margins in the second quarter, we're very pleased with the progress that has been made, as we seek to recover back to the pre-COVID levels of 35% and then expand from there. So we've had two quarters of very strong gains in gross margin. And obviously, as we go into the back half of the year, I'd state two things. One, we do expect the half year-over-year gain in gross margins. We do expect that gross margins, margins as a whole, gross operating profit should expand as in the second half, but not at the pace that we saw in the first half. So as you're thinking about your numbers, that's the way I would think about it. So we would exit the year definitely stronger. The implied number, yes, as you say, would be 250 on the gross margin. But that again, that's at least, that's the way I would characterize that. Because obviously, we've been expanding ahead of that year-to-date. As you think about the balance of the year, I'd also like to highlight a few things on the outlook on costs, we have not changed that the currency impact that we foresee. We only took down costs by about $50 million, we still expect the full year to be around the $300 million to $400 million of inflation in currency. And then in the other costs, we still expect around $200 million. It's been playing out in the first half right around the level we expected. So net-net, good progress on margins. We're pleased with how that's coming along. We expect to continue to make gains, but not at the same pace as what we did in the first half.
