Michael Hsu: Thank you, Christina. We delivered another quarter of strong results. I'm proud of how our teams around the world are executing our growth strategy. Our innovation and commercial programs are contributing to the top line momentum with improving volume and market share trends and strong gross margin expansion. Based on the strength of our year-to-date performance, we are raising our full year outlook. Third quarter and year-to-date organic sales increased 5%, with growth across all segments. Personal Care, our largest business, led the way with 7% organic growth and importantly, 2% volume growth. Further gains in price and mix were enabled by strong revenue growth management capability, while volume improved sequentially for a third consecutive quarter. We expect volume trends to continue improving as we cycle prior pricing actions and continue to invest in our brands. We also continue to make excellent progress on margin recovery. Gross margin was up 530 basis points and exceeded 2019 levels, an important milestone in our commitment to restore our gross margin. Operating profit was up 18% and adjusted earnings per share grew 24%. Given the strength of our year-to-date performance, we're raising our 2023 outlook. We now expect organic sales to grow 4% to 5% and adjusted earnings per share to increase 15% to 17%. Global demand in our categories and for our brands remains resilient. In key markets, we're seeing a healthier balance of growth in both price and volume. In North America Consumer, organic sales were up 7%, with volume up 3%. Dynamics were similar in EMEA. In China, organic sales and volume were both up double digits despite ongoing category softness. While growth across D&E continues to be mixed, consumption increased double digits in Latin America. In our largest markets, our market shares are improving. In North America, we saw a sequential improvement in 6 of 8 categories. This was enabled by strong commercial execution, marketing activation and a significant easing of year-to-date supply constraints in personal care and facial tissue. In the U.K., new performance-enhancing designs, price pack offerings and digital initiatives have resulted in over 200 basis points of year-over-year share gains for Andrex. And in China, we're continuing to see strong market share momentum with Huggies share up nearly 200 basis points in the quarter. As market leaders, we're raising the bar by elevating and expanding our categories with superior products and advantaged technology to address unmet needs. We're also committed to meeting consumers where they need us by offering a comprehensive range of products across the value spectrum. I'll highlight a few examples. In China, we introduced a breakthrough design for Huggies with innovation that whisks away both forms of babies mess to reduce the frequency of diaper rash. This is a foundational element of our global skin health platform. In North America, we launched new Poise 7-drop ultra observancy pads and 8-drop overnight. These higher-capacity designs provide better absorbency in protection than daytime pads. Also in North America tissue, Scott 1000 lasts longer and dissolve faster and this has been core to Scott's powerful proposition among value-oriented consumers and that's why Scott continues to deliver robust growth in this important daily use segment. We believe our ongoing investment in advantage technology and brand communications will attract more consumers, increase usage occasions and ultimately grow our categories. I'm proud of the progress we've made to offset the multiyear impact of inflation on our P&L. Restoring margins to pre-pandemic levels was a milestone and not our end goal. We will continue to expand margins by executing our commercial and productivity programs to deliver balanced and sustainable growth for the long term. I'll now turn it over to Nelson to provide more details on our third quarter and outlook for the remainder of the year.
Michael Hsu: Yes. I'll start with a quick comment and then I'll ask Nelson to kind of give you a lot more additional context and detail. But one, Chris, I'd say, we finally saw inflection in the cost environment for us. As you know, we've taken on a lot of inflation over the past couple of years. And even this year, the plan was additional, between currency and commodities, about $500 million of impact. And so in the quarter -- so our first quarter were -- the costs actually were favorable. And so that's a significant inflection point for us. I do expect input cost to be a modest tailwind going forward but don't expect necessarily that there's going to be a lot that's come behind that. The one thing is, though, we do believe and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks that it's our job to expand margins over time and we believe we have a lot of opportunity to do that on an ongoing basis between what we're doing on the revenue side and also on the cost side. But Nelson, maybe...
Michael Hsu: Yes, great question, Chris. I'll give you maybe a view and a couple of different components. One, I'd say overall North America consumption remains robust. And I think that really does reflect the essential nature of our category. Our consumption in North America for K-C was up mid-single digit with solid growth across all categories. And then, I think one thing I did mention in the prepared remarks is we are coming off some fairly significant supply constraints that affected most of our Personal Care businesses and our Kleenex business mostly throughout the year. And so we did have shipments that were a little higher than consumption. And I'll give you an example on Baby Care. Organic shipments were up in the teens, low-teens, while consumption was up about between 3% and 4%. And so that really reflects, I think, retailers getting their inventories back in position. We had been allocating shipments on Huggies since the beginning of the year. And we had a pretty significant supply situation with a supplier outage that has constrained our volume, is actually kind of constrained our share throughout the course of the year on a number of brands. And so we came out of that, we came off allocation across all brands at some point in mid-September. And so that's kind of why shipments probably ended up in the quarter a little bit higher.
Michael Hsu: And then, Anna, maybe just an additional comment. I think the maybe underlying your question and Chris before, was, hey, there appears to be some underlying volatility in cost -- input costs and they're likely is. And we've dealt with that significantly over the past several years. I would say, longer term, we believe it's our job to continue to enhance margins, so we would remain disciplined in terms of our revenue management program and capability and also our cost management capability.
Michael Hsu: Well, we've had, I would say, 4 quarters of successive volume improvement. So I think we were down 7, down 5, down 3, whatever, down 1. And importantly, Personal Care volumes were up this quarter. So I'd say we're making solid progress. We're seeing solid volume momentum. And I think I said in the prepared remarks that we would expect continued improvement. We're not ready to call '24 yet but I think volume -- we cycled most of our big pricing actions from last year. And so we would expect volume trends to continue to improve as we drive our commercial programs and invest behind our brands.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Well, I'd say part one, Javier, I think I said this in the past and philosophically, I think we view trade promotion as a path to drive trial, especially of new items. And so that's kind of where it fits in our marketing mix. And so I'm not a fan of using promotion to rent or borrow share for a period of time. And so I think any data that you might say -- I'd say, we are promoting still below, as you point out, 2019 levels. But I think we have participated in some promotions. I did see your note and I would say one thing that kind of skews the analysis a little bit is this whole metric the denominator is EQ, right, or equivalent units. And for all the tissue categories, the equivalent unit is 10,000 sheets and for diapers, it's 1,000 diapers. And so when you do it on that basis or on a per piece basis, what happens, especially in our consumer tissue business is Scott 1000 by definition has 1,000 sheets. And so that's about, let's say, between 4x and 6x more than any other brands. And so that tends to skew kind of the measures a little bit makes us look a little bit underpriced when you do it on an EQ basis. But overall, I think we've taken pricing, we've probably moved faster on pricing than other brands. And so I'd say to me, our normal price gaps have begun to normalize.
Michael Hsu: I'll start and then I'll let Nelson correct me. But I would say, it's our job. And so from my chair, I would say we have to do it, right? And so -- and the back story -- and I know you came out last year or so, Javier. But when I came into this role, the 3 things that we set out to do was, one, accelerate organic growth; second, reduce our earnings volatility; and the third thing, importantly, is enhance our margins; and so that was a fundamental goal when I came into this role. The kind of the curveball that came in, in between that was COVID, the demand shock, supply shocks and everything else in the inflation shocks. And so over the last couple of years, we said, hey, we've got an interim goal of, one, we got to restore our margins which I think this quarter kind of marks a pretty significant point for us that hey, we are back pre-COVID or 2019 levels. But still, as we talk internally, it's our job to enhance margins from here. And that's what I'm saying is we have to continue to be disciplined around our commercial programming, our innovation our revenue management and also just a discipline on the cost program and I still see further opportunity for us to expand our margins. But maybe I'll give you -- I'll ask Nelson to kind of give you some more specifics around the near term.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Steve. One, I'm really pleased with the team. We are delivering what we set out to do which is balanced and sustainable growth. As you could see, the organic momentum remains very strong. The margins are coming along as we mentioned, restored them the pre-COVID levels. And so we feel good about that. I would say we've made a lot of progress in the investment. We've made a lot of progress in building improved capability. We've made a lot of progress in improving our innovation capability and the innovation pipeline. And so I think over the last 5 years, we're probably up a couple of hundred basis points in advertising investment. I think from there, we really need to make that investment. At this point, we're approaching 6% overall sales. And so I would say that's competitive in our business. It's perhaps not as much as our primary global competitor but our plan is not to outspend them. And our plan would be to drive great innovation, great commercial programming and have a competitive spend. And so I don't expect -- Steve, I don't think, I'll go and say, "Hey, we need to continue with increased advertising investment in a straight line infinitely". Do I think there's some opportunity for us to continue to invest? Yes. But do I think we also have to leverage the investments we've already made better? Yes.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Because 5 years ago, we were spending in the 3s and so that was -- I think I felt like too low for a company of the categories that we operate in. I feel competitive at this point. But we also have great opportunities to spend on and ROIs are great. And so especially as we continue to migrate more and more to digital and so there's going to be plenty of things that we're going to want to invest in.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Maybe I'll start. I would say most of our pricing went in last year and so we did have some pricing this year. So there will be a little carryover. I wouldn't say it's a huge driver of -- will be a huge driver for the plan next year. Given what we just discussed on the cost environment, you can see costs this year are still up after being up significantly in '21 and '22. And so we're not seeing a ton of deflation. While there might be -- we're starting to see some modest tailwinds that may continue for a few quarters. But I'm not seeing, at least in the near term in, a huge inflation. We have rolled back some pricing because it notably in Professional in Europe, we had energy costs that really shot up and then came back down. And so we have adjusted some pricing in some markets and we'll do that where it makes sense. But in general, I think we've priced appropriately for the cost environment that we anticipate and that environment is playing out thus far as we expected.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Well, as I said, proud of the team that we're successfully developing -- delivering balanced and sustainable growth. Thank you for your interest in Kimberly-Clark and we will see you next quarter.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. Just to elaborate a little, Chris, on what Mike was walking you through. So at this stage, what we've seen in the quarter and it's playing out the way we had forecast back in July. In general, the savings that we're seeing are driven by pulp, distribution and other commodities. And we've actually seen some increases, especially as we look forward, on resin-based materials and energy costs. We had our first quarter of a benefit, so $75 million. And as you remember, for the first half of the year, we were negative around $190 million. Based on where we stand today, we still project that we will be favorable in the fourth quarter of the year by an amount that's not that dissimilar from what we had in the fourth quarter of the year. And for the full year, we would be around $50 million in terms of commodities negatively impacted. One thing to keep in mind is we've also been driving a lot of benefits, Chris, through our FORCE program. Remember, we engage in negotiations in some of the materials where there's no clear market for us to engage in hedging. And we've been actively pursuing this over the last few quarters. So that's also been a contributor for FORCE which includes our net -- our negotiated material prices and that's flowed through. As Mike said, we don't expect tremendous tailwinds going forward but we're pleased with where the overall costs are at this stage.
Nelson Urdaneta: And on the comp, Chris, also remember the last year in Q3 in September, we had a bit of a destock; so that's also kind of weighing in. But very pleased with where we ended up. And more importantly, the underlying consumption in North America.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So a few things. As we go through the second half of the year, we still -- as I indicated, to Chris, we still expect to have, based on current assumptions, favorability on commodities heading into Q4 on a net basis. Because remember, through the first half of the year, we were around $190 million negative. We were $75 million favorable in the third quarter and we're calling for the full year an estimate of $50 million of a headwind in net. So we still expect to be favorable in the fourth quarter. Having said that, we're, of course, watchful of what's happening with the oil markets and the implications for resins. They don't immediately impact the resins but we have seen resins begin to plateau at the level of prices. And in fact, I mean, curves are starting to move a little bit upwards and we're watching that. But overall, we still expect commodities to be down over the next quarter-or-so, at least. The other bid in gross margin, as you said, was FORCE. We had a strong delivery of FORCE savings for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we're at $275 million and we've actually taken up our call for the year to $300 million to $350 million. So net-net, I mean, we are encouraged by the overall cost savings and our program in FORCE. And in terms of gross margin, keep in mind, it's not linear. We don't expect gross margins to grow linearly quarter after quarter because there are always puts and takes quarter-to-quarter. But having hit the 35.8% mark is an important milestone for us as we look forward to then expand margins down the road.
Nelson Urdaneta: And again, another item to add, Anna, as you think about the next few quarters is currency. Currency has gotten more volatile. I mean we've seen the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. And as you would have seen in our outlook, we did take up our expected headwinds from currency on our operating profit. And again, we're watching that carefully as we think about 2024.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. So Javier, just to build on what Mike said. I mean -- and we've been talking about this since we had our lowest point in gross margin at 29.8% about 5 quarters ago. And our whole point was that we were going to get back to the 35% which is a milestone and not an end state. And really, what's happened is we've made -- and we've been making and you can see significant investments behind building capabilities in the organization. So we've been building a lot of muscle around revenue growth management and this includes price-back architecture and the ability to have also the right packs and sizes and formats for the different customers that we deal with across the globe. Secondly is around productivity. We've made sure that we strengthen and buttress our overall gross margin productivity pipeline and that remains strong today. And then you can see how we've been delivering that over time and we intend to deliver ongoing productivity, gross productivity as an element to drive that. And then, the other bid is around our innovation. We've increased our focus around innovation; last year, drove 60% of our revenue growth and it's accretive innovation. And if you combine these 3, that's really the way we're staring at expanding margins over time, gross margins. And that's truly what's going to drive balanced and sustainable growth for years to come for us.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So as you indicated, we took our call from $200 million to $250 million through the first 3 quarters of the year were close to $200 million, just a tad below. And what's really driving this is a few things. One, keep in mind that a lot of the service inflation and lease inflation, et cetera and some cost inflation flow through this number. And it's being weighed in by some of the hyperinflationary economies that we deal with. So we're being impacted on that end because we've seen some costs accelerate outside of the U.S., Steve. So that's part of what's driving that $250 million based on where we're at, at this stage.
