Maria Henry: Thanks Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. We returned to delivering organic sales growth, with a solid increase of 2%. Margins were impacted by significant commodity inflation. Helping to offset that, we delivered strong cost savings and reduced overhead spending, and our adjusted earnings per share increased 9%. And finally, we are on track with our restructuring program and our overall capital plan. Now let's look at the details of our results. Let me start with sales; our first quarter net sales were $4.7 billion. That's up 5% year-on-year with a three point benefit from currency rates. Organic sales grew 2% in the quarter, led by improved performance in North America. Mike is going to provide some more color on our top line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability; our first quarter adjusted growth margin was 33.8%, down 310 basis points year-on-year. Commodities were a drag of $175 million in the quarter, primarily due to higher pulp costs and secondarily, inflation and other raw materials. We are now expecting the full year cost inflation will be between $400 million and $550 million. That's a $100 million to $150 million more than we assumed in January. Meanwhile, our FORCE cost savings program continued to deliver strong results. First quarter savings were $90 million. Moving down the P&L, adjusted operating margins was 17.4%, down 140 basis points. Between-the-lines spending fell 140 basis points as a percent of net sales, as we continue to tightly manage overhead and discretionary spending throughout our company. In a few minutes, Mike will talk about what we are doing to improve margins from the first quarter levels. All in all, adjusted operating profit was down 3%. In addition to the factors that I just mentioned, results benefitted from volume growth and $20 million of favorable currency translation effect, but were also impacted by lower net selling prices. On the bottom line, first quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.71, up 9% year-on-year. That included about seven points of earnings growth from a lower tax rate, along with benefits from lower interest expense and share count. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency; cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $542 million compared to $436 million in the year ago quarter. The increase was in line with our expectations and driven by lower tax payments. We continue to allocate capital in a shareholder friendly way. Dividends and share repurchases totaled approximately $550 million in the first quarter, and we expect the full year amount will total $2.1 billion to $2.3 billion. Looking at our results by segment; in Personal Care, organic sales were even year-on-year. Volumes and product mix, each improved 1%, offset by lower net selling prices. Overall Personal Care operating margins remain healthy at 20.4%, although down 120 basis points, including impacts from commodity inflation and lower selling prices. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales rose 5%, volumes increased 7%, while product mix was down two points. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 15.8% were down 340 basis points. Significantly higher pulp costs were partially offset by top line growth, cost savings, and lower between-the-lines spending. In our K-C Professional business, organic sales grew 2%; volumes increased approximately 2% and price and mix were both also slightly positive. K-C Professional operating margins were 19%, that's up 10 basis points, as our team continued to manage well in this environment. Now let me share a brief update on our 2018 Global Restructuring Program. Initial implementation steps are underway, and we are on track with our plan. In terms of our administrative and overhead organizations, in North America, we offered a voluntary severance plan to most of our salaried employees in the first quarter, and that plan is now closed. Soon, we will begin to share more specifics with our workforce, primarily in North America, about our redesigned organization and the resulting implications. We have also announced our intention to move our European shared service center from the U.K. to Poland, in order to reduce our labor costs. In terms of manufacturing facilities, we have announced our intention to close our Consumer Tissue facility in California, and are planning to close our nonwovens facility in Wisconsin. We continue to expect $50 million to $70 million of restructuring savings in 2018, with the vast majority of these savings occurring in the second half of the year, as our workforce reductions ramp up. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Maria Henry: Yeah. I think there is a couple of points there. As you know, we have got significant activities in our company to improve our overall supply chain. One, just generally through our FORCE cost savings program, and two, with our restructuring there, we have taken that global view of our manufacturing network and are taking some steps to improve our advantages there. In terms of the retailer inventory, I do think it's worth noting that that was not an issue that we saw this quarter, and so, we are working the supply chain overall, clearly it's evolving as new channels are evolving and we are working with our key customers on how to make all of that work and continuing to improve what we have got.
Maria Henry: Well, I'd say a few things. We have a very balanced view on capital allocation, where we are looking to invest in our business, grow our dividends and beyond that, then we look at whether M&A opportunities and what's the excess cash flow that you have in the business to look at how much is allocated to share repurchases. From a leverage standpoint, I like our position, just around two times leverage, and maintaining our A credit rating is important to us, because it does provide flexibility, it provides assets to lower cost commercial paper, and in a competitive environment, it's important to have a strong balance sheet, so that we can deliver against our model, really in any economic cycle and also, not be competitively disadvantaged, where we have got large global competitors that also have strong balance sheets. I would say that, while we haven't done a lot on the M&A front, we do look at it. We actively look at M&A opportunities. We have got a team of folks, and as you can imagine, given our size in the space, if something is moving, we are probably looking at it. But we are very disciplined in how we allocate our capital, and so you haven't seen us pull the trigger on M&A, because we haven't found something that makes economic sense, that we believe will create long term shareholder value. But we do like the flexibility that the balance sheet gives us, and there are advantages to having that flexibility.
Maria Henry: Sure. I will start with your last point, just pickup on some of the comments that Tom made on the $90 million of FORCE cost savings. That's a good first quarter for us. We expect that their savings will ramp through, as the year goes on throughout the year, and we are still holding to the $400 million target that we got for the year. In terms of the manufacturing footprint, and specifically, the plant related actions, that we are taking as part of the restructuring, as we laid out our restructuring program, we did a lot of detailed planning on, how we would fulfill demand, as we move through the restructuring, and then longer term, and we look to optimize that. What I would say is K-C de Mexico is a great partner for us, and a very strong company. They had nice results this quarter, and it's certainly an option, but as we looked at our overall footprint optimization, the majority of the sourcing comes from Kimberly-Clark plants. And then your -- the first part of your question was around our lower SG&A expenses, and I think it was particularly around advertising. And what I'd say there, is that, we have done a deep dive on our advertising expenditures in all of our major markets, and what we have found is that, we had an opportunity to reduce the amount that we are spending on non-working advertising activities, and redeploy some of those funds to working advertising. And so that's an area that we are focused on, and that is, we talked about earlier, there is a shift between doing mass advertising and doing more specific targeted activities, some of which, such as digital couponing, end up as part of the advertising lines. So when I look at our overall investments, I think we are in a good place, even though you see the advertising line on the P&L, a little later than it was last year.
Maria Henry: I will just note, when we look at focusing on the cost reductions and the discretionary spend that I talked about, there is an intense focus, more around the general expenses, on the general and administrative expenses, on the P&L. And I think when you look at the numbers, you saw some really good progress there again in the first quarter.
Maria Henry: Yes. But we have got, in addition to the FORCE cost savings, we are targeting $50 million to $70 million for benefits from the restructuring program, and those are expected to come in the second half.
Michael Hsu: Yeah. I think, diapers specifically I think was maybe up half a share point in the quarter in North America. I think, maybe the opportunity for us is, we are evaluating some count reductions on diapers and then the other lever for us in pricing in North America would be fine tuning our trade promotion plans, right? And so, there is always an opportunity for us to adjust our frequency and our depth, and that's what we are evaluating right now. With regard to Brazil, we had a good start to the year in Brazil. Sales and volume and share were all up pretty good. I will say, we are taking pricing and have taken pricing in Brazil and that feels like that has gone through and the market has responded accordingly.
Michael Hsu: Obviously Lauren, the baby category and mom is very important to retailers, and so they are very focused there. But I do maybe have a different take, which is I think a lot of the pricing activity you are seeing, may have been promotion driven versus retailer strategies. And while I think they all want to be competitive on the diaper business, I think it's, in some ways up to us, to make sure we are managing the business appropriately in the long term. And in this category, I think, innovation, and creating value add and then premiumizing the category over time is really the best way to grow our fixed consumption category, and that's where we are focused on, and I think a lot of the retailers will understand that strategy and approach.
Michael Hsu: Just as Tom said, Jason, I think the China diaper category is under a little bit of pressure from the local players, and we are addressing that with the major launch of a significant product improvement on Huggies. China overall remains our single largest growth opportunity, both in the near term and over the long term. Pricing has been competitive, but I think that's stabilizing, and I really believe, fundamentally in China, well it's not structural, its product, performance and features are still the key driver of brand choice, and that's still what's driving that marketplace. And so, we are launching our best ever diaper, that delivers a really significant improvement in both thinness, softness, breathability, and absorption. I mean, it's a pretty impressive product. We are excited about it. It's certainly better than what we had out before, and outperforms all major competitors. So we expect that's going to improve our performance, as we get into the back half of the year. Just starting to ship now.
Michael Hsu: No, I mean, Ali, we are trying to be balanced. And obviously, we want to drive the organic growth, but we also want to deliver our margin commitments, and so we are walking that balance. And so the opportunity for us is, we have evaluated opportunities for count reductions and have a few -- quite a few in the plan, but the other opportunity for us is to get more efficient with our trade spending. And you know, we are looking at the competitive marketplace and our field teams have a good sense of what is required to drive the promotional list that we need, and we think we have an opportunity to fine tune it.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Ali, we are pushing a big shift in the digital. It gets more complicated, because some of it goes into consumer promotion. A lot of it actually goes into trade, because we do some of -- quite a bit of it for our customers, with online media. And it may not necessarily even be a coupon, it could be a pure add, and we are getting a lot of efficiency in terms of ROI on it, because it's allowing us to target our consumer with a lot more precision. I would just put our Asia Pacific team out last month, and they were showing that, the hits on target more than doubled over the past year, in terms of reaching our target audience, versus the spillover that you might get on TV.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, I wouldn't Steve -- I don't think we are trying to imply whether the pricing environment is difficult or very easy or -- all we are trying to suggest is, these are the actions we are taking; which is, we have taken some account reductions. We are managing our trade budget to be much more efficient, and we are looking at the frequency and depth of our promotions.
Michael Hsu: I believe that our key competitor has already taken that in 2017, and so -- and we are coupling with a significant product improvement, because it's also -- it's much easier to get price or revenue recognition, when you have got innovation to package it with. It's a whole different conversation with the retailer, if you have got a better performing product. And yes, they cost a little bit more, so even a different conversation with the consumer. It's a straight list price change, that's a little harder for them to swallow sometimes. So some of the pricing actions are tying into innovation activities that we have planned, as the year rolls out.
Michael Hsu: I'd characterize it as maybe a good start to the year, but we want to continue to focus on it. Overall, North America, up about a share point, up in five of eight of our overall categories. Up in Brazil significantly; Argentina, Eastern Europe up a couple of points as well. I think the one area that we need to improve, and that's where we are bringing innovation, is in China, where we are down a couple of points in diapers.
Michael Hsu: Nik, I think we are pretty disciplined. I mean, it's the -- the equation side is like, what are the brand benefits, product quality, the brand impression, all those -- the bundle of features and benefits that we are offering, and we are pretty disciplined about assessing our -- what we call product acceptability, or how good a product is, in absolute terms, relative to both brands and private label. And then the denominator of that equation, obviously, is the price, and our strategy is, we want to be superior on the benefits and competitive on the price, which is why you are seeing, when we talk about fine tuning promotions, I think last year I was talk about fine tuning and getting a little bit more competitive on price, and then this year, I think the fine tuning, given the commodity environment is headed the other way.
Michael Hsu: Overall, it's about a 50% penetration in China. About north of 70% in Korea, depending on the category we are talking. And then North America, mid to high single digit, but that varies quite a bit amongst categories, with diaper being significantly higher than that.
Michael Hsu: And I'd add Caroline, we are doing well in e-commerce. I think we grew strong double digits overall globally last year, and we are expecting similar results this year.
Michael Hsu: And that would vary by category. So a little bit ahead maybe in -- in maybe Tissue and adult and fem care, and maybe we got off to a little bit of a slow start years ago on the diaper category. But we are gaining ground in diapers as well.
Thomas Falk: Yeah, thanks Jason. Obviously, I think as a long term driver, we do want to grow our investments behind the brands. I think that investment comes multiple ways however, and so I think overall, I think, we are very balanced on our advertising spend. We have increased our promotional spend, and as we saw the markets kind of get competitive towards the back half of last year, we did show some funds in the both consumer and trade promotion. And as we go forward this year, I think we have got very strong investments, both in terms of product and innovation in China and North America and in Latin America, and we strengthened our execution or merchandising investments in the brand.
Thomas Falk: Jason, just to build on that. I mean, everything we move to digital coupons winds up being a reduction in net sales and showing up as negative price, even though we might argue, that that's a strategic targeting of an individual consumer.
Thomas Falk: I'd say in general, we are probably matching up globally with competition. And just as an example, we didn't lead it, to be clear.
Thomas Falk: We use RISI, because they have been the best forecaster out there. I don't know that we are in love with any of them, and I think every pulp forecast that I have ever gotten in my career, just about always had a positive upwards slope and they are only right half of the time. So at this point, every forecast we get lately, pulp prices look like they are going higher than the last one we got. And so, you are certainly -- having seen pulp markets in the past, they can get a bit frothy, as the producers are disciplined on taking downtime and you get some Chinese demand. You can definitely see some upward moves in pulp price, and that's certainly showing up in some of the RISI data we have seen lately, and that's kind of the high end of our forecast range. It's kind of the worse case of what we have seen from RISI lately.
Thomas Falk: This is a very philosophical question this morning, Ali. I'd say, first of all, every coupon is a company with some other kind of a brand message, and you want to click through -- get the consumer to click through and see your other brand equity building messages. And it is one of the things that we do think about, is that are you building equity in the right places, and to Mike's earlier comment, we believe, product innovation and having winning products, talking about in the right way, and in some cases, providing an incentive to try, is the way you build brands long term. But we are -- I think we are all trying to figure out, how do we build a one-to-one relationship versus a mass media blast, way of building brands.
Thomas Falk: The only misread that we are saying it's an easy pricing environment, and it's not. It's a challenging competitive environment. As we would look at our gross margins, it's down significantly year-over-year, it's down about 100 basis points sequentially. So it's not that far off from where it was in the fourth quarter. Some of the pricing actions we talked about are just going into the market now, or they have been announced and we will roll in, in the second quarter. So we didn't get a lot of it in the first quarter results. And I think, like everybody else, pricing has certain expectations, and as commodity cost expectations have increased during the quarter, that's caused some of our teams to go back and relook at their plans for the year, and see, where else we can generate more revenue. Mike, I don't know if you want to --
Thomas Falk: For example, Steve, on Cottonelle, we have got a terrific product improvement superiority versus other brands, and it's a breakthrough type product for us, and that did come with a sheet count reduction, high single digit, in fact.
Thomas Falk: Well, they are still going to be higher significantly year-over-year I think, and they are all watching it and they are seeing it across other categories as well. So it's not enough dialog.
Thomas Falk: Yeah. Mike can give you a little bit more detail. I mean, I would say, we weren't satisfied with our market shares in 2017, and we had a better start to the year and the first quarter. And so, I think -- and we track the major markets and major categories, and I think we were up in almost 60% of those in the first quarter. But we'd still say, you know, that's kind of bouncing back from a tougher year in 2017. So we are pleased, but we are not satisfied, I guess is a way to describe it.
Thomas Falk: That's still true. I think online is a place where you probably have fewer barriers to entry, and so there is more players coming into that space. If you could trial in a category, you can drain off some of the growth in that category.
Thomas Falk: Okay, Bonnie. Yeah, we are following the private label trends very carefully, particularly in North America. And our focus is really on differentiating our brands with value added innovation and partnering with the customers, to focus on category growth. But the overall penetration levels over -- if you looked over the past five years, had been at similar levels. Down overall in Personal Care and up a bit in Consumer Tissue. We are focused on differentiation, and we have done that well, we have been able to grow our share and that's occurred in categories like adult care, diapers, and wipes. What we need to a better job is in the bath tissue category, where private label penetration has grown a bit over the last couple of years, and that's what, we are bringing in some significant innovation this year, with Cottonelle and Scott Comfort Plus.
Thomas Falk: I would say, if you look at our margins over a long period of time, they are going to oscillate around the commodities cycle. I mean, there is usually a lag between when commodities go up and when you get price. And then, when commodities hit bottom, there is a lag before your price adjusts downward, if it's going to. So my goal, is that there is still a positive upward slope to the line, and that hopefully over time, we are getting more efficient, we are driving more innovation, we are improving our product mix and if we can do that, we should see long term positive trend on gross margin. You can have pretty big swings, as we have seen this quarter, from commodities in any one period of time.
Thomas Falk: Kevin, the only other build I'd add for you, is that we have just kicked off this big restructuring program. And over the next couple of years, we are going to be spending more than normal on capital spending, and maintaining a healthy share repurchase program. So that is going to put a little bit of pressure on our debt in the near term. But we think investing in our core business, with the work that we are doing, with all the restructuring program, is a very high return approach for us, relative to other things that we could do with the money.
Thomas Falk: And the consumer value equation question, Nik, is another philosophical question. It's one that's probably more opaque, because you don't have visibility of what everybody is doing in the digital space. But it's one that, we are continuing to trying to refine our measures and test different things to see how to assess that. I don't know Mike, if you have got anything else, so you can share that's not proprietary on that.
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I mean, I think, maybe to simplify it, is we really want our supply chain to track closely consumer demand and consumer takeaway. So we want -- the consumer is the boss, and want her and her purchase patterns to drive our supply chain, and we need to be able to react to that. And then our teams are planning the business in six month buckets, as to when they have promotional activity planned and we are trying to get better and better at our ability to forecast that, and make sure we deliver outstanding customer service, and can fulfill everything that we committed to our customers to go do. So we plan to have a better start to the year in North America, and I'd say, Mike had even started a little better than we would have expected, but our supply chain was able to adapt to that.
Thomas Falk: Yeah, maybe just to put that in perspective; I mean, it's going to be roughly 10 basis points down from the average of last year. First quarter was the high watermark last year. Some of this also has to do with timing of innovation and when new products will launch. So I mean, we are still committed to supporting our brands at the right level, both with advertising and as well as promotion.
Thomas Falk: Basically in the first quarter, we announced the plan to our employees and got organized to implement it. And so, as Maria mentioned, we did a voluntary severance program in North America, that is now closed and those job reductions will start to take place in the second quarter. So we will start to get savings more in the back half of the year from that effort.
Thomas Falk: Okay. Yes, we can -- between Mike and I, can probably cover those. I mean, I think in China, competitors, you raise an interesting point, and there is lots of interesting products available over there, some are good and some are not. Some are very high priced, even well above the price that you pay for a premium or super premium international product. And if they get trial, they might not get repeat, but they can still pick up some market share, and our hope is that, over time, we are building loyal consumers that want to stay on our franchise. But moms, especially moms in China who want the best for baby, are exploring new ideas and trying new things and so, there is just a lot more competitive offerings in that market. And so our belief is, product performance matters, if we do a great job of delivering on that, and talking to the consumer about it in the right way and having it in the place where you can find it, that we are going to win in any market, including China. I think private label production, I mean, is a tiny part of our business overall, it's less than 5%. So I mean, I think, I wouldn't really comment too much on that. And then e-commerce in China, Mike what it is probably --
Thomas Falk: Also just to be clear, the data is not as robust as other data we would give you, because there is a ton of retailers that are doing click and collect. Virtually, every retailer is doing some form of click and collect, and none of that is counted anywhere in an e-commerce measurement, because no one collects the data that way. So they are probably as bigger than any number we would quote you in North America, but we don't have any way to measure it really.
Thomas Falk: Yeah. It's an issue, and we ship high tube [ph] low value items, so freight is a big cost for us. But we probably -- we are less of a spot freight buyer and more of a contract freight buyer because of that, and so, we probably have been buffered from some of the spot gyrations that may be some that are structured a little differently or freight is a smaller part of their costs, they might manage it in a different way. So in our high volume freight lanes, we have contractual relationships, that we pay higher diesel, but we aren't paying some of the other costs. I mean, we may eventually have some pass-through, when those contracts are renegotiated. But for the moment, we are not suffering quite as much as others.
Thomas Falk: Yeah. I mean, I'd say, broadly, in total our online share is pretty similar to our offline share. In fact, it might even be a little bit higher, because there is no private label typically in your online share. But it can vary a little bit by category. But I would say, we are competitive, because there is less private label online, we would probably want it to be even higher than our offline share.
Thomas Falk: I mean, I wouldn't say it has been something that we would feel like we needed to talk about or we would have talked about it. So it's one that -- we have got a very small number of customers that we do that for, and we are happy with the business, I think they are happy with the business, and -- but we really are focused on driving innovation behind our brands, and winning with that total bundle.
Thomas Falk: I don't think I would agree with that statement. It hasn't changed much as a percent of sales, let me put it that way over time.
Thomas Falk: Well once again, we are off to a good start in the first quarter relative to our plan for the year. And so it's a challenging environment, but you can count on your Kimberly-Clark team to try to manage through that as best as we can. Once again, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you very much.
