Paul J. Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of third quarter results and our full year outlook. Tom will follow Mark and focus his comments mostly on the strategic changes we're making in Europe. After that, we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. Let me remind everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul J. Alexander: That's correct. And that's the same -- on a year-to-date basis actually, we're up or flat in 7 of 8 categories.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. So on a translation standpoint, that should be in the news release. It was about a $25 million drag. And then if you also add in transaction impact, it's about an $0.08 drag on the quarter.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes. And from our standpoint, Chip, our shares are about flat in all categories in tissue this year. So that share gain from private label is not coming out of us.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, our total consumer business in Europe is a little over $2 billion, and so this will bring it down by about $500 million. We also have, obviously, a Health Care business and the K-C Professional business as well, so our total sales in Europe are over $3 billion. And from a customer standpoint, those contacts are underway as we speak. And so it'd be premature to give any additional color on that at this point.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think fem care -- a couple of things going on. I mean, first of all, our overall share is relatively stable sequentially, and so we're not seeing a lot of movement there. And we are seeing -- there was a lot of promotional activity in July and August. That probably hurt our Kotex Natural Balance business. Our U by Kotex line continued to do very well in the quarter. But other than that, I'd say there was a little bit more promotion in July and August. It abated a bit in September, and so hopefully, it'll be a little more stable in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, a couple of things. In North America in particular, our washroom business was fine. It was up about 3%. The areas that were probably hit hardest were things that more -- closely associated with manufacturing like safety and wipers. Part of that may be distributor inventory destocking near the end of the quarter, because it seem like things slowed down a little bit in the end of September. It could also be a little bit of softness in manufacturing, so that was part of it. Europe was a little light in KCP. Part of that was the comps last year. They were up 6% or 7% last year in the third quarter, so they had a little tougher comp. And I also think that if you talk to those guys anecdotally, yes, Germany is slowing down just a little bit. The U.K. is slowing down a little bit, so you saw some of that. Other than that, I would say, though, the rest of that business was pretty much on track.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I would say it felt like there wasn't a big shift. I don't think anything got hugely better sequentially. And so -- I was in China not long ago, and we're still doing well in established markets. And I'd say the category is still probably growing mid-single digits, mid- to high-single digits, so that might be a same-store sales equivalent. We're getting growth because we're participating in a broader part of the category, moving from the premium to the mid-tier and building that out. We're also expanding our distribution into more cities. And so we've really got 3 growth drivers in our China business; the category itself, and greater penetration, participating in a broader range of the category and then driving our distribution into more cities. And I was in Europe not long ago as well, and I saw some of the same things. I mean, despite all the headlines that you read, I mean, people need diapers and bathroom tissue and facial tissue every day, and so you aren't seeing big trends in consumer behavior there. I think the U.S. is much the same where we've had good innovation. Mom is still willing to pay more for a better product. If you've got the same product as somebody else, there's a little bit more price competition in the market maybe than there was a quarter ago. But that's maybe the only subtle shift that you've seen.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, Chris. I think about this maybe more as a divestiture where we're not getting a lot of proceeds. And actually, we have to pay some severance to -- which is most of the cash costs of the charge. And really, part of it is as we're shutting this $500 million in sales, we got to shut all of the overhead that goes with it. So our team over there has gone through all the back office processes to say, "Look, we've got to streamline and exit all of that." And this was roughly 20%, 25% of our sales in Europe, and so you've got to shed 25% of your back office costs. For those of you who have gone through that, that's not an easy thing to do. And so the team has come up with a plan to do that and actually improve our margins in Europe going forward by exiting these businesses. But it's not a classic restructuring where you'd spend this money and you get these cost savings that you might have seen in other areas.
Thomas J. Falk: If you look at the range built into the restructuring charge, that -- the variable and the range is really the range of proceeds that might be available. And so the -- you look at the diaper business, which isn't profitable at this point, there's not a lot of EBITDA there to get a multiple on. So we may have some facilities that we'll look to sell, and we'll get some proceeds from some of the activity. But I don't think it's going to be a huge driver of value creation.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we brought in a new management team in Europe late last year, and we challenged them to go pull together a plan that will help us be successful in Europe and that all options are on the table. And rather than give us an incremental change that restructures it one more time and makes it a little better then 2 or 3 years later, we're going to go back at it again, we just fundamentally had to ask ourselves is -- we've been in the diaper business 20 years. We really haven't been successful yet. How much more can we do? And do we have a chance to win here, or can we free up some resources to really win in some of the other good businesses we have in Europe and maybe even free up some resources to invest more aggressively in emerging markets? And it really -- it came down to that call, is do you want to spend more, chasing the European diaper opportunity? Or do you want to go harder in China, Brazil, Russia, Eastern Europe? And I think the team made us a strong recommendation, and we're going forward to make it happen.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that we'll look at what those alternatives are when we go into a sale process. I think the thing that will be a little tricky is, given that we're still in eastern Europe and we're still in Turkey and we're still in a lot of the other adjacent geographies, still in Italy, that that gets a little more challenging to manage inside the EU. But we'll take a look at that when we get into the sale process.
Thomas J. Falk: The wipes business has been a phenomenal growth for us. And so -- and we've got good margins in that business. And so we do believe that that's an opportunity for us to continue to drive and grow. And so we still believe in the businesses that we're in in Europe. Our Child Care business, our DryNites business, our Baby Wipes business are doing phenomenally well, very profitable with good margins. And those are core businesses for us.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we don't have much of a fem care business in Europe today, so there's really no change in the status of that.
Thomas J. Falk: We haven't seen that yet. Obviously, everybody's watching that. But we've -- we're not affected, and the Nippon Shokubai wasn't our supplier. We're starting to watch that very carefully, but it hasn't spiked in the marketplace. Obviously you've seen some weakness in commodities lately, generally, that's maybe helped. But that's something that we'll have to see how that plays out.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. And we routinely repatriate somewhere in the $500 million to $1 billion level every year and have been for a while.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. We saw -- we've annualized all of the price increases and de-sheeting effect that would have driven positive price in the last several quarters. And we saw a little bit of price softening in the third quarter, predominantly in the premium bath segment around our Cottonelle business, and it was really responding to competitive pricing levels in the marketplace. So -- but it's hard to tell at this stage whether that's retailer-led or manufacturer-led, but it's more just trying to make sure we're -- we had to spend a bit back to be competitive on shelf. I would say that's probably likely to continue in the fourth quarter based on what we've seen in promotional plans that are in place. And obviously, pulp prices just went up a tick, but they're still down year-on-year. And so we're in a kind of an equilibrium point where you're not seeing huge swings in pulp either way that's going to drive pricing to a great extent, I think.
Thomas J. Falk: Most of the pricing in Personal Care was really taken in overseas markets in response to big currency swings. So places like Brazil where we had the big currency shifts, you had more price being generated. So I think I'd look for the big -- where you have big currency swings, you're likely to have some price offset in either direction. And so I'd say that's probably the best way to measure that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think we pretty much annualize all the price changes in North America as well. So I wouldn't look for a lot of price movement in the fourth quarter. [indiscernible]...
Thomas J. Falk: Well, it really is when the pricing went in, like midway through the fourth quarter last year. So we may get a little bit of benefit but not much.
Thomas J. Falk: I guess a couple of things. It is difficult to unbolt a business, and it is very difficult to shed the overhead that goes along with it. And so that's not a trivial exercise, and the team has spent a fair amount of time being very thoughtful on how you do that and still run the business. And so it's an aggressive move, and I give all the credit to the European team for working hard to come up with an aggressive plan that, we think, works. And so I think that it's -- we've changed the leadership team as we talk, came in with a fresh perspective and challenged a lot of previous assumptions and came up with a way that we think will work for us and then give us a chance to be successful in Europe. On the cash question, we've got plenty of cash. And actually, particularly as it's generated internationally, it gets collected in an in-house bank in Europe, and we've got the ability to use those funds in Europe to fund those. So it won't have any significant impact on our stock buybacks or dividend payments going forward. So this is relatively a couple of hundred million dollars on a company with $3 billion in cash flow. It's not going to wiggle it much.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Maybe, if you think about our overall plan for the year, Ali, and where we're better or worse, you'd say we're certainly better on commodities but we're worse on currency. And actually, if you look at it, we'd say it's $100 million to $150 million of commodity benefit, and we're probably going to have $75 million of translation hit on currency and probably nearly an equal amount of transactions. So commodities and currencies are going to kind of wash relative to our original planning assumptions for the year. And so we're actually a little bit better on volume overall than our plan for the year. And so most of that's in K-C International. We're spending marketing at about the rate -- maybe even slightly ahead of what we thought. And where we really have over-delivered is on our cost savings number. We've taken that guidance up a couple of times and have had good performance on cost savings this year. And that's -- a little bit more volume and much better cost savings is why we're -- been able to raise our guidance twice this year and are going to outperform our plan for the year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. That's a fair comment. In the U.S. -- I mean, I think the -- our original plan for the birth rate in the U.S. was for it to be up slightly this year, more second half-driven. It looks like it's going to be probably flat. So it's negative in the first half, positive in the second half. We'd expect it to be slightly positive in 2013 based on that. But -- so if you look at the category on a units basis, we thought it was going to be down 1%. It's probably going to be down 2% for the year in the diaper category. If there was any bright spots for us in the third quarter, our Child Care business did quite well, driven by our GoodNites brand, which we've got a strong offer there. We also had some innovation with some new products that were launched into that market. It was also a hot, dry summer in the U.S., so we sold a lot of Little Swimmers. And so that helped our third quarter performance as well. But it also showed that mom is willing to spend a bit more for innovative, terrific products in that space. In China, we just keep adding cities and keep growing over there. So I don't think we can keep growing at 45% or 50%. But we've got an aggressive growth plan to -- if that business in total today is $400 million, it could be $1 billion by 2015. And so we do see significant growth still coming in that market.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I guess the first thing I would tell you, Wendy, is that the guy is actually a girl. And so Kim Underhill has done a great job with her team in Europe, and she's not putting herself out of a job. She's actually going to take the $1.6 billion business that we have in Europe that we think will be a little bit better than the high-single-digit margins that you've delivered and put together a plan to grow those businesses and get it to the point where it is accretive to the company overall. And so we won't do that, and these restructuring actions will take a couple of years to go. And in places it takes a while to take capacity out in Europe. But that's certainly the vision, is to get Europe to be a contributing part of the company, with growth prospects and the opportunity to launch innovation and really run it like the rest of Kimberly-Clark long term. And that's what's exciting for the team over there.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess it's a couple things. First of all, it's launching innovation -- you're absolutely right that the bath tissue category is highly private label-penetrated and is not necessarily the place that we're going to win. We've got a great brand in Andrex. We're going to continue to maintain that and invest in it. It's more about how do we drive Kleenex facial tissue more aggressively in markets around there? How do we drive Moist? We've just launched Andrex Moist and relaunched that in Europe, in the U.K., with great success. So how do you start to build out with the great brands that we have into adjacencies that have got a better margin structure? We also see that in our Personal Care space. Are we going as hard with DryNites and Baby Wipes and Pull-Ups as we can? And in some ways, by being in the diaper business, that was constraining funds to invest in these other categories. We haven't put our best foot forward always. And so this frees us up to be able to invest more aggressively behind those growth opportunities that we do have in Europe.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, we're in the top 2 tiers. We've got all we can handle to drive that aggressively at this point in time. There are some very good companies that compete at the lower end and it's tougher to differentiate in that space. So we're going to go at the mid to top end of the market. We actually think the market is moving in that direction anyway as consumers are trading up in China. And so that -- we're on trend, and that's helping us as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, as we're growing in our emerging markets, building capability in those areas -- so we've opened research centers in Colombia and Korea, for example, where we've spent some money to get those up and going. And as we're building marketing capability and our teams around the world, we're having to add some resource. So as we go into China, for example, when you're growing at the rate that we're growing, we've just got to build some infrastructure to be able to support that. So that's part of the increase there.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. In the quarter -- I mean, the biggest swing was fiber, which was, what, $45 million positive? And that's across virgin fiber as well as recycled fiber, were both positive in the quarter. Our other material buckets were about $25 million positive, which is mostly polymer and super absorbent and things like that. And then we had some distribution expense, in part because of the high diesel cost in the summer that swung the other way, $10 million or $15 million.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Going forward, I think the biggest shifts in our commodity cost assumptions was in pulp, which is probably about $20 a ton lower than what we would have had in our last guidance, and that accounts for most of it. Oil is tracking pretty much where we thought it would. Now obviously it has come down a little bit in the last few days, but we're expecting oil to be in the mid-$90s. And I think most of the commodities that we buy that are based on oil are kind of targeting that kind of a price.
Thomas J. Falk: I wouldn't say Europe was a disproportionate part of that. I mean, if anything, probably just because of the sheer size of the U.S. business, more of the downtime has happened in the U.S. Europe has had probably its fair share, but I wouldn't say it was a disproportionate part of it.
Thomas J. Falk: Actually, in the quarter, I don't think we've talked about this much, but downtime was actually a slight positive in the quarter, which we talked about last year. We took more of the downtime in the third and fourth quarters, and that continued a bit into the first and second quarters. Our inventories are pretty much tracking to where we need them to be, and so we're in a reasonable shape from an operating rate standpoint.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, the brand in Europe is actually DryNites, and the wipes is marketed under the Huggies brand name. And so we'll absolutely do that. In fact, it's probably -- you have to be around for awhile to remember this, but when we went into Europe, we actually launched Pull-Ups before we launched diapers so we could be a first mover in that market. And you have lots of wipes players in the market that aren't in the diaper category. J&J is there, Beiersdorf is there. So you've got -- there's other examples where you've got a consumer-recognizable brand that -- and a differentiated product, and we can be successful in that space. And I think, as many of us know, wipes are also used in lots of non-diapering households for various uses. So it's -- we just think it's an exciting category with a lot of growth opportunity for us.
Thomas J. Falk: There's probably a Huggies parentage on the packaging. I haven't looked at it in a little while, but I'd be surprised if there wasn't. But it's big Pull-Ups, little Huggies.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I don't think we've used that name in a long time, Chip. So it's a -- I think the Italian diaper market, we just think the margin structure is different. The retail trade structure is different. It's much less concentrated than other parts of Europe, and so it just makes more sense for us to go to market from that standpoint. But I think your sales are probably in the ballpark. I don't know, Paul, if you...
Thomas J. Falk: I think there will be several tissue mills, as well as some personal care mills. And that -- obviously we're still in the process of notifying all the teams today, so we're not going to give more specifics than that at this point. But there could -- particularly associated with some of the market exits that we're talking about.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say the proceeds that we expect are the real variable in driving the range that we've provided in the guidance. So there's some proceeds at the low end of the range and there's more proceeds at the high end of the range.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say not so far, and there's also been capacity that's come out of the market that I think you know we've done some of it with the Everett facility coming out, as well as some of the work that we're doing at Chester. And there have been other closures by other players in the market. So at this point, you'd say, boy, for the year, in dry bath, I think private label shares are up slightly." But it's maybe like a point I think -- I think it's up -- it's up 2% and it's up 1% in towel. So it's something that we're watching, but I wouldn't say at this point that it's had a huge impact on the business.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say we have seen some hotter promotional price points in the third quarter and we've spent some to be competitive and to obviously protect share, which we were able to do. We -- it's difficult to tell whether that's retailer driven or manufacturer driven, and so we'll obviously watch that in the fourth quarter and see how that plays out.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's a great question, and it's one the European team is intensely focused on right now, is to get the cost out quickly, to get them out in the fourth quarter so that as we go into 2013, we don't see a dip in our profitability in Europe. I wouldn't expect a lot of growth from our 2012 results but that we shed that $500 million in sales and hold our profitability in Europe. And so that's the goal and the plan. We'll obviously give you more color on that when we provide guidance in January.
Thomas J. Falk: In the financial assets in current U.S. dollars. So you'd have about a $100 million hit if you had a 50% devaluation. And from an ongoing business standpoint, I think the correct answer is it really depends on what happens to pricing. If you have that kind of a deval and pricing controls stay in place at the levels that they're at, then I think that's a big problem for everybody. And so we'll have to wait and see. But for perspective, it's low single-digits percent of our sales and operating profit at this point. And so we'll have to see what happens as we get more clarity on what's going on down there.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think, obviously, given that the elections just happened down there, I don't think there was a lot of discussion leading up to that. They were kind of focused on other things and trying to figure out who was going to be in charge. And now that that's been decided, we'll have to see what happens. I think, clearly, the government understands what the impacts of their policy changes are, and they'll have to work with the manufacturing environment to make sure they can provide for their -- for the people in Venezuela. And so we're going to try to work with whatever rules are there and find the business opportunity that works for us and for our consumers.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, on an adjusted basis. So we'll still have whatever charges will flow through. But on an adjusted basis, I wouldn't see any -- a dip in profitability.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say, if you kind of go around the businesses, I'd say North American consumer was pretty close to on track in the quarter from our expectations. B2B was a little week. It tended to soften more late in the quarter, and so some of that may be distributor inventory-related issues. Or you had a little bit more manufacturing weakness that might have affected KCP. KCI generally had a solid quarter and outperformed expectations pretty much everywhere, was at least what we thought or even a little better. So overall, I would say it was pretty close to expectations, with a bit of the over-delivery in KCI and a little softness in KCP and Health Care.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, again, I would say September was a little lighter, particularly in the B2B businesses. And it's -- October so far looks fine. But again, we'll have more visibility of it when the month is actually closed. So...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say we had more positive price in Personal Care, and we actually had negative price in Consumer Tissue, which we talked a little bit about. And so that was probably the biggest single difference. I mean, I would say we still got good year-on-year margin improvement in Consumer Tissue and would expect to see that continue through the year. And we also would say we're not satisfied with the margins where they're at, that we'd like them to be closer to the mid-teens. And so we still have work to do and have got aggressive cost savings programs going there as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, there's been some pulp prices increases announced in the fourth quarter. So sequentially, you could see a bit of cost pressure from pulp. And we still think it's going to be a competitive promotional spending environment out there. So we've got to deliver the volume, we've got to deliver the cost savings to get the margin improvement that we're looking for.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I guess I would say, John, we're all -- we're looking at all parts of the portfolio all the time. And so it's not one that -- we're doing regular strategic reviews and tracking how individual businesses are performing against the plan. And so -- and making a decision to exit the diaper category in Europe was a tough call for us. It's one that's a business that we're in all over the world. It's a core business for us. But we also had to look at the harsh reality and say we've been trying to be successful over there for 20 years, and we've haven't made any money. It's not a hobby. We've got to find a way to make a profit, or we've got to think about whether we can redeploy our effort elsewhere. And so I do give the team credit for having that conversation and framing up the discussion with us, and we're going to make the decision to move forward. And so -- but again, I don't see huge chunks of the portfolio that we're unhappy with. There's individual category/country combinations that you want to go work on and problem solve, but I don't see there's huge chunks of it that I'm concerned about at this point in time.
Thomas J. Falk: Once again, we were pleased to be able to raise our guidance for the second quarter in a row and continue to deliver on our investor expectations. There's a lot happening at Kimberly-Clark today, a lot of great innovation, and we're taking the right actions, consistent with our global business plan, to run the business for a successful future. So thank you very much for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
