Tom Falk: Well, good morning everyone. I just thought it would be appropriate for me to start this morning by commenting that we are well aware that the eyes of the nation are on the events that are unfolding this morning in Boston, and I just like to start by offering our condolences regarding the tragic event that happened earlier this week in Boston, and please know that the thoughts and prayers of everyone at Kimberly-Clark as well as those of the entire nation are with the families of the victims of this terrible event. I’d also like to let you know that we are sitting down here in Dallas, Texas very close to the small town of West Texas, and so we would like to also extend our deepest sympathies to our neighbors to the south as they deal with the aftermath of the explosion of the fertilizer plant that happened at that small community this week. So, it’s truly been a difficult week for Americans in various places across the country. So, I just thought we should start with that and remind everyone what’s really important going on around us today, but with that, I will turn it over to Mark Buthman. 
Tom Falk: Our plan heading into the year just like we did last year was to be a little bit front end loaded on share repurchases given the cost of commercial paper. We’re still holding course, we had a billion to billion two in our outlook for the year, we still think that’s a good plan. So if it plays out if we have more cash flow obviously that’s one of the options we have got to deploy it. 
Tom Falk: I think in K-C International the volumes were pretty flat on consumer tissue. We did take up some price and mix on that front and that’s done well, I think the volumes were down a percent. So again we’re not adding a kind of additional capacity there and are focusing on driving mix in revenue realization and getting our margins up and you saw some of that improvement in the quarter. 
Tom Falk: On the personal care front, I would say the toughest comp in the first quarter and so we would expect to see what the innovation picking up in the last three quarters of the year we will see a little bit better growth from personal care going forward. 
Tom Falk: Yes that’s a fair push so that’s a two things one is consumer tissue in North America was really way ahead of expectations and so Cottonelle volumes were up double digits, KLEENEX facial tissue was up double digits and on the facial tissue front that’s probably more of a strong cold and flu season phenomenon and the Cottonelle front one of our primary branded competitors that’s not a public company has had some product supply problems and they sensed I know that’s what their customers have indicated they were going to have trouble supplying, and that certainly helped our business, and it showed up and they would share a loss and our volume gain in the first quarter. So, we ran everything full and try to take advantage of as much of those business opportunities as we could. So, that certainly helps us. We assume they will work their way out of that problem later in the year, and so that’s where we don’t expect that level of volume growth in Cottonelle to continue at that kind of a rate. So, that was one thing. And then I think the other thing that was a big positive for us was cost savings, so we had a very strong start to the year on FORCE. Now, you could say gosh, you are over $80 million in FORCE in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year. So, why were you surprised, but it was a stronger start to the year than we had probably forecasted. That should bode well for our results in the balance of the year. 
Tom Falk: We will honor all of the private label contract commitments we have with our customers in Europe. And so we signed those contracts, they had a certain data which they would renew and we will fulfill the terms of the contract. We will also – we are going to sell diapers in Italy as we noted in the restructuring, and there may be some other private label contracts that will retain post the shutdown of some of the facilities in the UK and Spain. So, I think the good news on the European front is that our other personal care categories in consumer tissue we saw a good growth in the retained portfolio, and we are investing in those and things like Andrex Washlets in the UK. Our Pull-Ups business had a nice improvement in Europe. Our baby wipes business is growing like crazy. And so the strategy that we have had of focusing more on those growth opportunities in that market very early days that we are encouraged by the first quarter performance. 
Tom Falk: Okay. Then on the first question on China, Mark and I were just in China and so we did the grand opening of our new mill in Nanchang and got to meet with the China team again, and they are doing pretty well. And so our strategy in Huggies of going to the mid-tier has gone well, and so we are not going all the way down to the lowest tiers in China, where we are staying in the mid to premium tiers. And in fact they are just launching a new Huggies platinum, which is a super-premium tier on top of our existing premium tier. So, we will have three product offerings in China in the very near future, which we will think will appeal to the moms in China, they want the very best product for their babies. I would say the competition from Unicharm is probably the toughest and to a lesser extent Kao, P&G the factor in every segment over there, but we would probably see the toughest competition from Unicharm and Kao at this point in time. But it’s an exciting market and the team is very energized by success and they are reaching for more. On the guidance front, our primary assumptions didn’t change from our full year estimates that we gave you earlier. So, in organic volume for the year, we are looking at overall 3% to 5% organic sales growth, 2% to 3% volume, 1% to 2% pricing mix, currency is going to be about a point drag for the year, and then we will have a couple of points of restructuring drag for the year. And so, that hasn’t changed since January which is why we didn’t say anything about it in the release. 
Tom Falk: Well, probably we are a little bit ahead in consumer tissue in the beginning of the year. Cost savings are tracked a little ahead, and obviously, Mexico is part of it, but we would expect that Mexico will have a good year just based on where the peso was trading but we planned together. 
Tom Falk: Still with healthcare we were surprised and a little disappointed. In fact we started out the year with healthcare was a little bit of a flu pandemic scare and sold a bunch of a face mask in January so we started out pretty strong but then actually you have seen this from some of the healthcare companies that have reported surgical admissions are done about 4% in the first quarter and nobody can figure out why and so everybody has got a hypothesis as to what’s going on but we haven't got a good read on that and so I would say as the quarter played out just the underlying category volumes in healthcare we’re little disappointing and in K-C Professional our washroom business in North America, we saw a kind of low single digit top-line which would be as expected but the safety business was off, part of that was we decided to shut some business in that segment which we knew about but I would also say that it's maybe reflective of kind of a weaker manufacturers environment than maybe we would have hoped going into the year and that’s probably is tracking somewhat with what you’re hearing in markets around the world. KCI obviously we’re looking at that as a global deal and so yeah we were slower in Europe than we thought we were going to be we were a little slower and other parts of the emerging markets that we thought we were going to be in. So the B2B business were generally a little slower on the top-line than we would have thought in the plan. 
Tom Falk: We don’t include volume levers in FORCE, since FORCE is about 85 million and so FORCE net that against the input cost increase was certainly a big driver of that. Better volume was just all by itself was about 30 million and if you look at the change in unabsorbed fixed cost which we track that was another 15 million. So you could look at it and say cost savings is about half of our gross margin improvement and volume including down-time related volume effects was about the other half of it. 
Tom Falk: On the fixed cost absorption front, we took most of our downtime in late 2011 and early 2012 to get inventories in line so the comps will be much easier on that front in the first half of this year so that will start abate a bit in the second half of the year but again we would expect with some of the innovation that we have coming that we will have decent volume growth in the last nine months. 
Tom Falk: We typically take a lot of price where you got cost issues or currency swings and so if you look at the markets where you had this quarter really the two big markets Brazil and Argentina, where there has been the most currency movement as where we got the most price. In the balance of KCI, you look at like China, for example, there hasn’t been a lot of currency movement, there hasn’t been a lot of commodity cost get really in the Personal Care space. And so we are really focused on driving innovation, driving mix, and so launching a Tier 6 diaper in China is going to do more for us from a margin and putting revenue in the category standpoint than trying to drive a list price change. 
Tom Falk: Slip-on diapers is just continuing to work on improving the product. And so I would say as you know we normally do, we can consistently launch renovation improvements to our diaper and pant lines around the world. And so it’s a nice improvement to the slip-on diaper one. Again, it’s one that we would like that to be to pick up a little bit from a share standpoint, it’s a big idea around the world, and so it will be a good improvement for mom. 
Tom Falk: Yes, there was a gain and nearly that’s not what I will go through the restructuring line, and no, there won’t be any – there is nothing related to that that would be in our guidance. 
Tom Falk: Well, in the first quarter, we had about $5 million related to the tissue restructuring that was not included in FORCE. So, that would have brought the total into $90 million including that and coming in the full year. 
Tom Falk: I hope not, we feel pretty good about the momentum and lot of things working well. You would say on the gross margin front we should see a little bit of increased cost inflation, although in the first quarter we had 35 million which is not too far off, our annualized rate of the guidance so we set a 150 to 250. So I think we will see how that plays out but we’re encouraged by our progress. As we have launched more innovation, we’re aiming forth to be margin accretive so that should give us a little bit of upward bump on gross margin as well. So we’re focused on building that overtime Bill and we hope the first quarter was a good step in that direction. 
Tom Falk: I think the other thing we’re looking for is particularly with the strong start this year where can we accelerate investments that will benefit our future growth and are we making sure we’re investing in the brands at the right level to fully take advantage of the innovation opportunity that we have. So we’re strategic partnering in the first quarter was a little bit lower growth rate than past quarter’s but we think for the full year we’re still going to be increasing that and that will be another that we will look for investment. 
Tom Falk: I think that was kind of a tactical move a couple of years ago, they are still up existing capacity and as we have excited facilities I think that will be a smaller player in the private label market in Europe overall. 
Tom Falk: These were contracts that we entered into last year. So (inaudible) moves like that in the last couple of quarters of 2012 and it's really just contracts that we picked up last year that were roughly a yearlong that will roll off in the second and third quarter. 
Tom Falk: It's a tough quarter and retail generally, just when you look at some of the comps but I would also say that our categories in consumables they have generally done much better than food in some of the other categories we’re are more of an essential product line and we’re also encouraged to see consumers are still responsive to innovation, so when we look at how our new (inaudible) products, these products are performing in the market some of the Baby Wipes products are there in the market. These are our premium priced line extensions and they are doing pretty well from a category standpoint. We saw consumer is still willing to pay for a better product.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I mean, we would normally don’t get into that level of detail, but if you can look at our market shares in the mid 30s, I think you could get a pretty good approximation. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, sure. If you look at the diaper category last year, it was probably down a couple of points and our expectation for this year that will be down about a point. And the training pant category last year was down more than that, and that was more of the three years of low birth rates piling up in the category as kids tend to be start Pull-Ups training around age 3, and so training pants is down mid single-digits last year. And it’s encouraging to see our training pant business is modestly positive, and that’s probably because there is some penetration opportunity still in that category, and we have driven things like GoodNites and Little Swimmers, which we count in that metric. And those were doing better than the overall training pant category would have performed. So, I would say, you are probably a little high in your estimate of diapers as a percent of sales and you are probably a little more negative in terms of where the comp was last year and where it’s going. So, I wouldn’t expect you are going to see as much top line lift. And at this point, we would say the birth rate seems to have bottomed out. We hope that it will turn slightly positive later this year, but it will be – the category will still be down a point for the year and hopefully will see a flatter category in 2014. 
Tom Falk: Well, you may have recalled that we were when tissue margins were down in the high single-digits that we weren’t pretty – we weren’t happy with that and we were aiming to get back to the mid-teens. And so now that we are back at the mid-teens, you can imagine that we are not totally happy with that, and we wanted to go higher still, and so it’s been a good focus on mix and revenue generation and driving premium utilization and launching innovation. And so as you look around the company thinks like, we will have a lot of flushable moist wipe launches this year in North America and all over the world and we are starting to look at other things that we can do with our great tissue brands that bring more margin and revenue into the category. And so that’s I think just starting to take hold and so we do have more opportunity to drive margin north in the future and rest assured the team is not stopping at 15%. 
Tom Falk: Well, I think we are better marketers than we probably were. We tried it in the past. We are listening better to the consumer. We got, as you see, some of the flushable moist execution there, actually this category has been growing. It's just finally get on the radar screen and we’re getting it in more market. So we have had terrific launch in the UK for example behind android’s watch list. And we will take some of that learning and take that into other markets and so I think it. There is a consumer need there and we got better and better product executions and we’re talking consumer about it in ways that are memorable and starting to drive some new habits. 
Tom Falk: I would say generally tissue pricing broadly followed big moves in pulp pricing. So our outlook for pulp is pretty stable. We’re talking about up 20 bucks a ton or something like that for the year and I think given that you’re unlikely to see big swings in tissue pricing. That doesn’t mean that it won't be promotional activity at the edges but if we do a great job of driving innovation we should be hopefully let promotional which winds up with more revenue at the end of the day. 
Tom Falk: We sold some real estate in North America that we didn’t need and so that goes into other income and expense. So if it wasn’t related to any of the restructuring activities. 
Tom Falk: Yes. So if we took a facility that we took a write-off on and has a gain we don’t take the write-off and as excluded item and then take the gains through operations. We play straight down the middle. 
Tom Falk: We look at the best performing product in the market and test against that product to make sure we can make competitive claims and so Uni-Charm and Kao both make some terrific products particularly in the diaper pants area where we’re growing in many of those markets and they have the strongest product offer that we’re aiming at and so we test against those and it also make terrific diapers that we have tested again. So Procter is in that for a while and Uni-Charm and Kao are aggressively trying to grow those parts of the business. So we feel like we’re in the share battle with them as much as anybody. 
Tom Falk: Europe had a very solid start for the quarter, so overall their profit was up versus prior year and tracking with the plan even a little bit ahead of their plan and second and third quarter is going to be the key turning point for the cost, the back office cost in particular and the team in Europe is monitoring execution of that plan very carefully and I’m confident they are going to deliver on their goals for the year. 
Tom Falk: But I don’t think we are we said $150 million to $250 million is what we think we are going to see in inflation and then we have $35 million in the first quarter. So, if you annualize that, we would be bumping up against the low end of the range. And in the first quarter, I think it was about $15 million was pulp, about $10 million was polymer, about $10 million was distribution cost. And so I would say those are the probably pulp for the full year we expect will be two-thirds of the inflation with the balance being, the other big chunk being distribution and that’s both diesel rate as well as carrier rate increases, including some in Latin America, where there has been some big carrier rate increases in Latin America. 
Tom Falk: But it’s certainly with the commodity pullback that’s happened in the last week or so, that wasn’t probably fully reflected in our guidance. You can see in the assumptions we are assuming oil is going to be in the $90 to $100 a barrel range, and natural gas, we are assuming $4 to $4.50, and that’s pretty much tracking oil probably the one that’s maybe you got a little bit more upside than what we shared with you. Pulp, we still think if you look at Northern softwood, 8.90 to 9 ton, price range is about right. Secondary fiber we are assuming is around $2.60, $2.65, and there maybe a little bit of upside on that, but we will see how the year plays out. 
Tom Falk: And currency rates are also obviously a key factor here a lot of times, they move in opposite direction with input costs. 
Tom Falk: Javier, I think you might have dialed the wrong number, you might be thinking I am Nielsen or something, but I am probably not going to give you that level of detail. I guess, I will say this is that in the large cities and we almost look at a share on a customer by customer basis. So, in the large cities, in the modern trade customers, we would have much stronger share than we would on a national basis. So, it’s not uncommon to have shares for us north of 20% in the large modern trade and even though our national share in China is probably half of that. And so as you go into new cities, obviously, your share is a lot smaller you are trying to build it with some of the new customers as you go into those markets, and then in we are also doing quite well in e-commerce in China, which is a growing channel, which isn’t very accurately measured. And so it’s s a very dynamic complex market. I also tell you quite honestly in many cases because the Nielsen coverage is still a little spotty but anybody that is quoting you at market shares in China is probably pulling your leg. So Procter is still the share leader, Uni-Charm is probably got a share that’s higher than ours overall but we will be competitive in the Tier 1 cities with both of those companies kind of buying for share leadership certainly in our segments in the super premium segment. We would be the share leader; in the mid-tier you typical would see P&G and Uni-Charm with a little stronger shares than we have because we’re the new comer to that segment. But good news is the category overall we think is growing at least mid-single digits maybe high single digits and so it's still a pretty existing diaper market for us. 
Tom Falk: I would say probably if you look at the Nielsen data I have seen is probably been P&G and Haugen have been the biggest share of losers. On the other hand you could still lose share and grow volume just give the overall growth of the market. 
Tom Falk: The two big negative markets, one is Australia and had more to do with the timing of promotions. So we had more promotional shipments in first quarter ’12 than typical that’s a big holiday period in Australia, so usually those promotions take place late in the year for whatever reason they happened in the first quarter of ’12 they also have happened in the fourth quarter ’12. So we’re a little late in Australia and that was probably the biggest comp change and then Venezuela was a little weak in Latin America overall just related probably more to our ability to get foreign exchange to pay for important product or as you know we’re disciplined in terms of how we manage that part of the world and so those are the two biggest volume drags in KCI and I guess you could say at least Australia was probably K-C specific and that it was more on timing of promotional shipments in Venezuela. I don’t know who you want to give credit to that one for so. 
Tom Falk: It wasn’t that, because of the size of the Australia business was in KCI that probably had a much bigger impact on the overall comps than anything else. 
Tom Falk: That has not had a big impact on us at this point and I think most of those initiatives have been focused more on food, inflation and less on our categories up to this point. 
Tom Falk: We will be adding as I mentioned Mark and I are dedicated a new diaper plan in China so that’s under startup, we will be adding some Baby Wipes capacity in a couple of markets around the world so that will be co-format that’s the converting assets will be starting up. We’re adding some adult care capacity in different markets around the world and so none of them will have the startup impacts like a new tissue a plant would have and all of the startup cost were baked into our plan for the year but it will a bit of an impact as the year progresses. 
Tom Falk: Certainly adding capacity in China will give us a margin boast, we have already got a couple of diaper lines running in China at our existing facility in Nanjing and we manufacture quite a bit of feminine care products in China and we enjoy the margin benefits from that and so by adding the diaper capacity we will give us a boast probably starting later this year and certainly in 2014 once we get past the startup and in terms of raising our goal. Our China team is certainly aggressive and as developing such growth plans they were very enthusiastic when Mark and I were with them earlier this year and our job is to make sure that we can make all their dreams come true. So, we think that will be a good thing for Kimberly Clarke long term. 
Tom Falk: You still think good GDP per capita growth even though the overall GDP growth rate has slowed a bit and Chinese moms are moms anywhere else, they want the very best product for their babies. They talk a lot about the little emperors in China where parents really sacrifice a lot to provide the very best for their children and that has impacted us a bit. I mean those children are their future and they’re going to invest in them to make sure that they can be as well-educated and as healthy and as strong as they can possibly be and that’s certainly is a trend that abating at all in China. 
Tom Falk: We set our goals is 1 to 2, we were one in the quarter. We should get a little bit of additional mix as the innovation rolls out but we got relatively benign cost inflation and currency rate swings in the plan and so those are usually bigger drivers of the price line. If you saw big spike in commodities or a big swing in currency raised in an individual market you would see more pricing offsets there. 
Tom Falk: We had a solid quarter and really every component of the equity income line this quarter had a very solid results. So we don’t talk them about often but our business in India had a nice profit improvement, our business in Saudi Arabia had a nice profit improvement as well and so those are in that line but they are obviously much smaller than the K-C Mexico numbers and Mexico had a good executions, decent top-line and great cost savings and that translated into a nice improvement and as talking to Pablo Gonzalez earlier in the week and they are pretty bullish on their outlook. In fact I think their call has gone going as we speak, so Pablo is probably out talking to his shareholder group about the good news the K-C Mexico. 
Tom Falk: Well it's interesting we track private label shares as you would expect and then basically in every single category that we track this quarter shares were down versus the prior quarter is slightly down and in many of them were down versus the year ago quarter and so I would say the ones that’s up year-over-year is dry bath tissue and so that’s probably the one that you have seen the most competitive pressure, we talked a little bit about that I think our non-public competitors that had some supply problems in the first quarter created a little bit of a window for some private label improvement as well but overall we’re not seeing anything at least in the recent quarter that would indicate that the consumers are feeling more squeezed and bound shifting into private label. 
Tom Falk: Well it's one that you saw a debt in the third and fourth quarter of last year and I would tell you we don’t have the data yet to be able to tell you and I think that’s going to be elective right? Because if you need surgery you’re probably not able to post-pone it as much as you would think but. I think everyone is trying to unpack this data and get a better look at and when we look at our surgical supplies business and in the fourth quarter we’re down a percent it was flattish in the third quarter. We’re also existing some lower margin (inaudible) business which affected those numbers a little bit but we would expected a little bit better underlying environment for surgeries in the first quarter than we saw and we’re still trying to figure it out along with a lot of other companies I would guess. 
Tom Falk: Well they have been down every year for the last three years and we’re expecting birth rate to flatten out this year. 
Tom Falk: Category will be down for some because the babies that weren’t born last year won't be wearing diapers this year. 
Tom Falk: I don’t know I have to think about that one Chip and get back to you. I mean the minority interest is it includes some other stuff related to our one of our finance industries that’s probably part of what’s going and that we have got this off shore financing thing that’s on the balance sheet, that’s probably doing more to drive that somewhat unrelated to the dividend flow beyond that I would tell you there is other big minority interests in Korea and that business continues to do very well and also continues to pay out the dividend. 
Tom Falk: Chip that would include some higher incentive compensation expenses which are related to our increased outlook for the year. So for the full year we probably be up year-over-year in that line but I wouldn’t assume that the first quarter would be a normal run rate. 
Tom Falk: Plus or minus 10 million and every once in a while you have something like we had this quarter where it's a little lumpier. 
Tom Falk: Not yet and the another thing we have tried to be better at managing pandemics because what has happened to us in the past is that everybody orders everything and panics and they needed 10 cases they order a 100 cases and then if we ship it to them then they want to ship it all back to us two months later. So we actually have, once we have evidence of there is a – the demand serves like that coming we go into instant allocation mode and limit the ability of them to buy outsize amounts and so we’re trying to do a better job of managing that for everybody, supply chain in these kinds of situations but we haven't seen much happen yet at this point. 
Tom Falk: Once again we’re off to a good start at Kimberly Clark and we appreciate your support and once again our thoughts and prayers go out to the folks in Boston that are affected by the events that have unfolded this week. Thank you very much for being with us today. 
Unidentified Analyst: Wanted to ask I noticed you had a pretty accelerated pace of buyback in the first quarter I mean more than half of what you plan to do for the year and I was just wondering with the strong results why you might not top that up a little bit given that you have already done so much. 
Unidentified Analyst: Got you and the second question I had was and I might be missing a little something here but on K-C International I never said in tissue I know that’s not the bigger focus, it's obviously personal care and you mentioned that the volumes grew 4% and of course you’re coming off a strong 12% gain a year ago. What should we see that sort of normalize that in personal care in the emerging K-C International markets, I mean it's 4% kind of the number we should go with as we look ahead or I think based on Tom’s comments should we look for something maybe a little bigger than that going forward. 
Unidentified Analyst: And then second question on that financing I noticed there is a note 395 million I think that actually winds up next year and the question is, is that note which is in sort of the long term assets. Is that offset by in your debt section somewhere or is it sort of hanging there in other words. If you’re trying to compete your net debt should we include that note in your cash because you have an offsetting liability on the debt side. 
Mark Buthman: Yes if you look at relative to our 3% to 5% top-line Chip obviously personal care in KCI is going to be higher as part of a mix. 
Mark Buthman: Yeah, I think that’s fair. We said our organic target for the year is 3% to 5%. We said organic volume is 2% to 3% and price mix is 1% to 2%, and so we kind of came in at the low end of that in the first quarter. But we really got most of our heavy up innovation coming in the last nine months of the year and we are pretty bullish on what we are going to be doing there. And so I think to move from the bottom end of the range to the top end of the range on organic volume is very doable. And so I think where the plan is unfolding about is we thought it would and we look for that to deliver the things we would worry about a little bit as the continued weakness in healthcare surgeries if that will be a drag, and we would like to see a little bit of an economic improvement benefit KCP, but on the consumer front, we feel pretty good about what we have got common in KCI and in North America. 
Mark Buthman: Linda the $40 million would be right between 2013 and 2014 that would get to our full year $100 million run-rate at the end of 2014 for 2013 it will only be about $15 million. 
Mark Buthman: I would say Bill over the long term 6% to 9% bottom-line, we like to hit that consistently and it's going to require gross margin important, continued investment in the business to do that and so that is consistently hitting our algorithm is really our goal. 
Mark Buthman: And remember Bill Baby Wipes volumes were also up-strong double digits also and we’re keeping that business. 
Mark Buthman: I think it's fair to say it's takes longer but one of our learning is when you’re trying to change habits it just takes longer versus the product you’re improving, the consumer uses every day so that’s probably fair. 
Mark Buthman: Yeah, I think the cost analysis is especially with oil, I mean, it’s on the bottom of the CNBC News screen every day, and it’s just – it’s too easy we have learned to focus on current day pricing. And I think our range of $150 million to $250 million for the year is still a good call and gives us some flexibility in the guidance, if oil or natural gas or fiber run up on us in the whole year. 
Mark Buthman: Non-core asset sale it was the majority income which on adjusted basis was 24 million so it's the majority of that. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Do you think this is the peak less margin quarter for the year? I just kind of looking at the year-over-year comparison. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: Okay and then are you tempted to change you’re sort of growth algorithm, maybe not in the sales line but it seems like the business mix has shifted so much and a lot of low end margin stuff is out in the business. So shouldn’t it be kind of a catch up period in terms of eBay growth which maybe kind of gets you a lift sort of mid-single digit operating profit growth target that you have in the long term. 
Bill Schmitz - Deutsche Bank: It was a big move right? I mean I think you said organic sales grew up 14% and first in Europe is that just going to get rid of some of the old diaper stuff as you hold the factories down. 
