Tom Falk: I would say that it wasn't as much promotion-intense as getting the everyday price, and innovation fundamentals right. And so that is continuing in the fourth quarter. And we've got a good momentum in the diaper business overall, and expect to see that continue.
Tom Falk: Our fem care business was sort of flattish on volume in the quarter. We got some more activity coming in the fourth quarter. There was a little bit more promotion activity in tampons in some of our competition in the third quarter. That probably affected our growth a bit, but we've got more action coming in the fourth quarter.
Tom Falk: I would say -- and you saw it a little bit in this quarter, that we've had less price overall than maybe we've had in some markets. The rate of currency deterioration hasn't been as severe as it was, say, a year ago. On the other hand, there's still some opportunity for price in some markets. As we look at, particularly in Latin America, where you are seeing some pretty significant currency moves. Those have been places where we've been able to get some price to compensate with that. And then other markets around the world, it's been a little bit tougher to get price, particularly places like Western Europe or Australia, where there's been some currency softness.
Tom Falk: Yes, we've been a leader in eComm in China. It's probably been at least a third of our diaper sales. And eComm grew faster than our overall business in China in the quarter. And so, we are aggressively going after that. And China, as you may know, has been a place that's been pretty competitive for a long, long time. So I think everyone in the world sees the opportunity in China, and has been investing there pretty aggressively. So we see the Japanese competitors, other U.S. competitors, some of the European competitors are there. And so, it's a competitive marketplace for sure.
Tom Falk: Yes, that's a good question, Chris. I'd say, it was a -- we saw increased coupon activity, which may be not be as visible to you in some of the Nielsen data. We saw pretty heavy advertising investment by key competition. And so, which I'd say is about the kind of competitive reaction we would expect in a major re-launch like that. We would be approaching it the same way if one of our competitors was re-launching, where you try to make sure you protect your franchise as much as you can. Yes, I think the share gains to this point have been fairly modest. If you look at our fourth quarter share, which is maybe our low point, year-to-date we are maybe up a point versus that level. And so, this quarter, our shipment share -- our shipment volume was a little bit ahead of our share progress as we -- we had some retailers that built inventory because we had a few out-of-stocks that they wanted to try to take care of. In the second quarter, that was sort of the reverse situation, and so we caught up a bit in the third quarter.
Tom Falk: Yes, in China, our total diaper volume was up 15 -- our total diaper organic was up 15, volume was north of 20. So you can do the math. Price was the balance. I would say it was, in some cases, some of our non-U.S. competitors, the Unitherms and Kaos where they've had a relatively weaker home currency, were a little bit more aggressive on price, more so than other competitors in that market.
Tom Falk: So those are great questions. So, yes, we've got a very strong innovation pipeline coming, and really good execution in emerging markets. So we are still very bullish on that. We are still seeing the super premium segment of our categories grow in most of our major markets. Even in Brazil, where there's been a pretty severe currency hit to that economy year-on-year, and quite a bit of price inflation, you're still seeing mom want the very best product for baby. And we're seeing that in Russia. We're continuing to see that in China. There's no question that the consumer is under pressure in some of those markets from a purchasing power standpoint. So we're watching that to see if category growth decelerates; have not seen that to a great extent on the consumer side, seeing a little bit more of a reaction on the B2B side. So, our KCP business was slower in the quarter in Brazil than our consumer business was. And so, that is one that we are watching the dynamic in those markets where you've seen a lot of pressure. In the U.S., the pricing that we've done has been either surgical to get our value equation right on Huggies Snug N' Dry to make sure that we got the right price gap versus our nearest mid-tier competition. And we're seeing reasonable returns from that in terms of the volume growth. On the tissue front, where there was a little bit of price weakness in the quarter, that's been a story that's been going on for awhile. I'd say sequentially it was slightly better in terms of the competitive deep promotion price points pulled up a little bit, so we are not seeing as much of that. So again, it's more about trying to make sure we are competitive on shelf with the right offer, and bringing the right value to the consumer.
Tom Falk: I'd say some of both. We'll have some product news and then some commercial innovation. So it will be a combination of strategic marketing. We'll do some things in the advertising and digital marketing front, as well as some in-store activity, but I wouldn't view it as -- it's not going to be a straight hot price promotion to move volume. It's more strategic around product news.
Tom Falk: Yes, that's fair. I think on the volume front, if you think Poise and Impressa, it's fairly small dollars in the quarter, really just getting started. So, if you looked at our total adult care business in North America was up double digits overall on organic. If you took Poise and Impressa out, it was up high single digit. So it didn't move the needle even in adult care all that much, but we do think it's going to be a nice category for us as we start to roll it out. On the price overall, I'd say it was a -- that probably most of it was in diapers, and so, we do have a little bit of a more training pant promotion in the summer months, so you saw a little bit of that in the third quarter. We had some -- we'd launched an improved Pull-Ups product, in August. And so we put a little bit behind that to get that going. But those were the -- largely it was, most of price promotion activity was in the diaper category.
Tom Falk: Yes. I would think that's the case. I think a lot of the inventory that went in was either to support customer service levels. We had some high out-of-stocks for the couple of customers. And so we -- as we added the inventory, we saw better in-stock, and better performance at retail. And so, hopefully that investment continues to pay off for us and our retail partners.
Tom Falk: Yes, I mean I would say cost savings were good. Virtually all the deflation -- the raw material deflation hit personal care, because tissue and KCP is mostly fiber based. And fiber was basically even sequentially, and so -- or year-over-year. So they got virtually all the benefit there. We also got some price in some markets around personal care, where we had some currency devaluation. And so, that helped as well.
Tom Falk: Sure. I think we adjusted our organic sales growth outlook for the year. So, we're at 4.5 year-to-date. And we said we'd be four to five for the year, and that's up from three to five in the previous quarter. So, we got the fourth quarter by definition, it is going to be pretty close to our trend rate for where we've been. On the free cash flow, like everything else in our financial statements, has been affected by changes in currency rates. And so as currencies weaken, it's -- our sales are smaller, our profits are under pressure from it, our balance sheet is smaller, and our cash flow is little smaller. And so, we've got lower cash earnings to start, but predominantly due to currency, and then that flows through the overall cash flow statement.
Tom Falk: Well, essentially, we are -- our strategy is to maximize our local currency net income. And so, we make most of our products in the country that we sell them in. And so -- and part of our costs are denominated in local currency, and then a part are in dollar-based commodities, and we try to hedge that where we can. But we want to win in the local market, and gain market share in the local market by delivering products that are relevant, and meet the essentials for mom to care for her family.
Tom Falk: Actually, Ali, I was pretty happy with the quality of it. So I -- as we looked at the 5% organic top line, is pretty solid in this environment, and have been at the high end of the range that we've been aiming at, all volume. So really not any help from price to get there were in other quarters, we've been in the four to five range with three volume and two price. So, I mean, I'm pretty happy on the top line front. In this environment, where we're not getting as much price and we still got all the transactional currency hit to cover it with cost savings and still deliver improved gross margin and improved operating margin was a pretty good performance. We held our advertising and promotion investment rate as a percent of sales in the quarter, which is a positive. The year-over-year margin and present [ph] G&A was really a low watermark for us last year, and we did indicate that that probably wasn't going to be repeated. And then other income and expense was about 30 million swing year-over-year. Last year, we had a gain from an asset sale, and this year we had currency transaction losses. And so, when you net all that down, you would say pretty good performance to have margin improvement in both gross and operating margin. And then below the line, taxes were benefit. Mexico had a good quarter though, and Mexico was a nice uptick for us which while it doesn't show up in all the operating line is still a very solid performance. So all in all, I would say we feel pretty good about the quality.
Tom Falk: Yes, on FORCE, I mean we delivered 85 million, and we are at 285 for the year-to-date. So, we are on track with a 350-ish kind of number, which is –- so 85 is pretty close to the run rate you would expect. And so, again, I would say good solid work on negotiating material savings, and specifications, and productivity, all delivered a solid result. And we do think there is more to come as we continue to build our global supply chain capability.
Tom Falk: There is certainly lot of change going on at Walmart and we see them investing in the store experience. And if you have been in the Walmart a year ago and were in one today, I think you would see a difference, and we are saying our business with them is continuing to perform well. We are also investing in eCommerce. So I think they are doing a lot of right things, and our job is to make sure we are winning with all of our customers wherever mom wants to shop and that we've got the right product and right offer on shelf. And so, we are continuing to do everything we can with them and our other customers to make sure we got the right things happening in the retail space.
Tom Falk: Yes. I mean Russia and Eastern Europe is about couple of percent of our overall company sales. So it's relatively small market for us. And when you've seen what the Ruble has done over the last year, you've seen lots of price inflation in that market. It is not unlike some of the Latin American markets, where you had a significant inflationary impact, and where you got a lot of imported materials in your product, you wind up having to take price just to keep your margins reasonably whole. And we are seeing good response to diaper pants in that market, and so it's not just a straight price increase, we've also brought innovation, and we are trying to watch and make sure we've got the right price pack architecture to hit the purchasing power that mom has got during her monthly purchase cycle.
Tom Falk: Yes, in China, more of the price pressure has come from our non-U.S. competitors, particularly a couple of Japanese competitors that are in that market. They've had a relatively weaker home currency, and have invested some of that as they lost some share in China, as we've been gaining share. So we are trying to make sure we keep our volume momentum going, and that we match up with the right price points.
Tom Falk: Our volumes in Brazil were pretty flat in the quarter. So, all of the improvement was price mix, and we did take share leadership on diapers in the quarter in Brazil, but that was really more of our other competitors shrinking a bit, and we've also got fem care -- our leadership in fem care in Brazil as we have driven some innovation on both tampons and pads in that market. So, we continue to see even in a challenging market, when you bring innovation and product news, and bring products that mom wants, consumers are still willing to invest in your category.
Tom Falk: I think, Javier, we're seeing some very modest slowdown in category growth, but less than you would think and less than you've seen in some other B2B categories. And so, GDP per capita is still going up in most of these markets, not the one, not the economies that are in recession obviously, but China for sure, and lot of the Asian economies. And so, consumers still have more money to invest in our categories. We are also still seeing super premium segments growing in a lot of these markets. So, even in Brazil, where the upper tiers of the diaper categories are growing at a faster pace, and they haven't slowdown appreciably.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think five years ago, eComm in China for us was probably near zero. Or if it was there, we weren't tracking it. And so, we have put more resources against this and have grown that part of the business. And eComm in China is growing at a faster rate than our overall business. So, we continue to see good returns there. And ultimately, we are trying to be present with the right offer wherever mom wants to shop. And so, we are not necessarily trying to shape the category in a particular direction. We just want to be there whatever outlet or form she wants to buy her products.
Tom Falk: We were just talking about that on one of the other questions, and so far we are not seeing as much as a trade down as you would think. And we are still seeing -- we launched boy/girl diaper pants in some of the super premium kind of tiers. We are seeing good response and growth there. So we are watching it. And obviously, particularly the economies that are in recession like Brazil and Russia, we are watching that see how the consumer performs and make sure we got the right offer, but we are also seeing really good innovation. Mom still wants the best for her baby. These are not expensive products relative to other things and she is still willing to buy those little luxuries for her family.
Tom Falk: Yes. In eComm and super premium baby stores in China is stuff that isn't tracked as well, and that's where the lot of the growth in the category is.
Tom Falk: We will give you guidance in January, and at this point, it's still pretty volatile environment. You look at exchange rates at the end of September and then today and they have moved quite a bit in both directions, depending on where you are at. Commodity costs have been a little bit more stable, but if you still look at lot of the forecast for oil at a $20 barrel higher next year than it is right now. And so, we are still wrestling through that and we'll have a point of view for you in January when we are little closer to the year actually getting underway. At this point, we still believe our model is right continuing to look to 3% to 5% organic and delivering a positive result in margin improvement in that kind of an environment.
Tom Falk: I would say not in the U.S., and I think and in emerging markets, the currency impact dwarfs any commodity cost benefit in most markets.
Tom Falk: Yes. Since Procter has launched, the category has grown a little faster, and so we've seen -- we went from mid to high single-digit growth to double-digit growth and seen that happened pretty consistently. We had double-digit growth in the quarter, including the benefits of Impressa, which were relatively modest, but still helped us. We have launched a lot of innovation in the last year to make sure that our consumers have the very best products we could offer available. And so, as a result, I think we probably say we successful defended, we have lost less than our fair share as Procter has come in and have delivered solid growth. I'm sure when P&G talks about this later this week they will talk about a successful launch and they will probably hit their share goals. So, private label and some of the other brands have taken a disproportionate hit from the P&G entry. And so, in the meantime we are just keeping our foot on the gas to make sure we've got a great innovation coming in that space, employees in Impressa is just another good example of that.
Tom Falk: Yes, Mexico is -- I am cautiously optimistic there, and Pablo and the team will be on a call later this week, and can give you more color, but that seems executing well, and they are getting some price to cover some of the currency impact that they've hit, seen good volume growth, and good cost savings, and good margin performance. So we are encouraged by what we are seeing there. The economic growth and the economy has been a little slower than they would have hoped at the beginning of the year, but we also see some optimism that that's going to improve going forward a bit, particularly as the U.S. economy improves a bit.
Tom Falk: Yes. We are still a very small player in fem care in China. We re-launched probably a little over a year, probably a year and a half ago, now, Paul; and saw double-digit growth in the quarter. And we are seeing some share improvements. We are not in as many cities with fem care yet as we are with our diaper business, but we are growing nicely and have good innovation there, and it's around the U by Kotex type positioning with -- aimed at the late-teen, early 20 young women as she is making some brand choices for a wife and making sure we got a relevant interesting product with a good commercial execution for her.
Tom Falk: Well, it's another good quarter of great execution from our team, and we are committed to continue forward and deliver on your expectations as our shareholders, and we thank you all for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Ali Dibadj: Hi, guys. So I wanted to get some help thinking about how you feel the quality of your numbers are this quarter. Usually it's pristine, and this time, the top line is still very good, but driven by, as you mentioned, price promo, some inventory, some things that make it sound like the top line isn't quite as sustainable going forward truly, if there's more competition. Your margins were a little bit worse than anticipated. FORCE was a little bit lower, but you made it up through taxes being a little bit lower, at least, at least than we had modeled, and certainly some higher buyback. So, for a company that's usually very pristine on the quality, you're clearly dealing with these tough times. I'm trying to figure out how we should think about this as a little bit different than what we've seen over the past several quarters, I guess.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. So many levers to pull, and in a tough environment you can pull on them differentially to get to, again, good numbers throughout. If you could comment on FORCE, it sounds like that's just this quarter a little bit lower than it's been in the past, but feels like that's just kind of ramping up and may be a transition to new plan, and then another comment if you could share …
Ali Dibadj: Okay. And I just want to pick your brain because you guys are usually very open and have a lot of insight on kind of the market broadly. I want to know what you thought about this whole Walmart Wednesdays as we're calling it in terms of their panic and basically saying our margins will never be this high, and trying to react to what they believe is a normal trend in the consumer. How do you think CPG companies will interpret that or feel any repercussions of it? Not short term, but longer term.
Javier Escalante: I am sorry. Good morning everyone. It was in mute. I would like to have some clarifications on the emerging market piece. If you can remind us, what percentage of your sales are in Eastern Europe, which is growing at 45%? And how sustainable is that? Is it that -- I can see that the double-digit volume growth in Russia suggests like there is no price elasticity and that you have a ton of pricing power in Russia. So could you help us understand what's happening in Eastern Europe that is growing 45%? Is it that you are gaining share to competitors? Is it that the category is on fire? So that would be my first questions. And then I have a couple of follow-ups on Brazil and China. Thank you.
Javier Escalante: And on China now, the 5% price decline, does it have to do with increased competition from Procter as they launch this premium baby line, or is it more like price mix as you go into lower tiers, or what exactly is driving this 5% down? Should you expect this to continue, that there's going to be some price erosion? Because I have a little bit of problem understanding the trade-up dynamic that you describe with the price decline that you are also citing.
Javier Escalante: I guess what I'm trying kind of to finalize with picking up these three BRIC countries has to do with the state of emerging markets because, back in the summer, the markets sold off thinking that emerging markets after what is happening in China would decelerate further. You haven't seen at the end of the day any change on the consumer side or something -- it's certainly not reflected in your numbers, so it doesn't seem that you are gaining significant amount of share. So, do you think that -- have you seen any step down, say, in consumer demand in any of these key emerging markets, you didn't see it versus earlier this year, prior to the sell-off of China equities and the world, China going bankrupt? Thank you.
