Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. Here with me in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results, followed by a brief overview of our full year outlook. Then Tom will then provide his perspective, and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com.  Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated, and I'd refer you to the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook. For 2010, adjusted results exclude a loss related to the move to highly inflationary accounting in Venezuela. For 2011, adjusted results and outlook exclude costs for the pulp and tissue restructuring and a nondeductible business tax charge in the first quarter related to a law change in Colombia. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. And now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: Correct. It took about a half of point out of our total consolidated volumes and it more skewed to Personal Care obviously.
Paul Alexander: Wendy, the other thing I would add is in the near term, costs are going up sequentially. Although with the amount of shares that we bought back in the first quarter, that should start to benefit the bottom line number more going forward.
Paul Alexander: I think we're pretty steady implementers of those programs. So I think you should start to see those build as the quarters go.
Paul Alexander: It's roughly about that. It always depends on what currencies are moving. But essentially, the change from the 1-point benefit to 2 points of benefit on the top line translation to the bottom line is about $25 million or $30 million of operating profit. So it is one of those other items that is a bit better than we planned originally.
Paul Alexander: Yes. And Lauren, so for the full year, curtailment really shouldn't be a positive or a negative. It should be pretty neutral.
Paul Alexander: Yes. I mean, our costs are going up, Bill, on packaging materials, adhesives. Really, just about everything that's going into our products are going up. Individually, they may be smaller. So we don't disclose them. But then they all add up.
Paul Alexander: Yes. But basically, if you look at everything from polymer packaging material, adhesives, superabsorbent, they all use the petroleum molecule in some fashion. And so they're related to that.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Doug, the two main factors are first, as Tom mentioned, inflation, especially in the oil-based materials. They moved up quickly in Q1. And then the other thing is promotion activity. We had more trade promotion in the first quarter.
Paul Alexander: Yes, I think we've got some activity in K-C International that you'll start to see in Q2. But the reality is, the big price increase in North America doesn't start to go into effect until the end of Q2.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'd say, in some -- the reasons why the commodity costs are higher are different. So I think that's part of it. But we had a pretty big hit on margins on Tissue when pulp spiked over 1000 the last time as well. So I'd say, yes, we're a little below where our low watermark is for Personal Care margins, and some of that was the one-time -- some of it was -- the pricing environment globally was a little bit more aggressive, so we had a little bit bigger trade spend in the first quarter. So that's probably part of it. So timing of promotion activity is part of it. We certainly expect our margins to improve from where they are over the back half of the year.
Thomas Falk: I also think some of the underlying commodities are adjusting quicker now than they may be used to. So polymer is reacting more quickly as well as superabsorbent.
Thomas Falk: Ali, I think you know us well enough. We try to tell you how we really think it's going to turn out every time we do this call. So our guidance, our confidence level around guidance is always pretty high or we wouldn't guide it to this level. Now we're not always right, and sometimes things happen that we didn't expect. So certainly, based on the assumptions that are in there that we share with you in terms of input costs and cost savings, we're pretty confident we can deliver in all of those areas.
Thomas Falk: Yes. As we said in the January call, Mark can give a little bit more color, but we expect to have most of our planned buybacks done for the year in the first half of the year.
Thomas Falk: So we already had a big step-up in this year's planned buyback activity. So we'll see how cash flow looks though later in the year. But at this point, we're pretty comfortable with the plan.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Well, on Tissue in particular, last year in the first quarter, we were on allocation on Scott tissue. So we had constrained promotional spending somewhat, and it returned to more normal levels late in the year. So it's not as big of a jump if you look at the average for 2010 versus where we spent in the first quarter. So we'd say, part of it is the comparison. A different set of issues, but a similar story on Personal Care where last year's first quarter was a little lighter promotional calendar. We had Jeans diaper coming in the second quarter and spent a little bit more aggressively on that. And so we had a little bit more promotion. In the first quarter, we also had some competitive activity in the first quarter that we were matching up to that ramped up in the latter part of last year, particularly in K-C International. So from that standpoint, you know some of it's in the quarterly comparison, was probably the toughest in the first quarter if you look at it versus the year average. It would it be up by as much. And then to the second question about demand, on the baby care, it's really more of a function of the birthrate than consumers deciding to constrain purchases of diapers. And so we've seen a relatively depressed birthrate really since the economic downturn began in 2008, 2009, and have actually seen probably a 5% decline in the total number of annual live births over that cumulative period. So we're expecting that to start to tick up in the second half of the year and kind of level off in the first half. And so we'll see how the data progresses. But we don't think industry price changes will have a big impact on that. We'll obviously watch private label share and pricing gaps to see what happens in that standpoint, to see if there's any category down trade. But with all the innovation we have coming, with an improved Huggies diapers that starts to ship, with Jeans diapers in the second quarter, we've got some exciting news on Huggies that we'll be talking about later this year, all those factors we feel pretty good about, our innovation plan for the year. And Tissue, you'd see a similar story. We've got pretty good momentum going on COTTONELLE. And as we see the pricing take hold in the market, we don't expect to see a big hit there.
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's what the caveats said in some markets where we talked about principal competitors in baby and child care in particular, that heated up last year. That's abated somewhat, but not substantially. But not as much in the U.S.
Thomas Falk: Yes, and I think what you'd want to look for is where you had very strong currencies. You're probably not going to see much opportunity for price, because you're not going to actually have the same impact on their local currency cost structure. And in markets like Latin America, we'll probably be getting more price where their currencies haven't appreciated that much relative to the dollar. So we'll be aggressive there and other markets like Australia, which just had a very strong move against the U.S. dollar. Probably not a big move on price there because it's not really going to be justified on a local currency market. In other markets like Vietnam, has been very high inflation. So obviously, you see pretty high price realization there. China, there's a lot of launch activity going on, so it's a pretty competitive market. So probably not as much of an opportunity to gain pricing in China. But that's one we'll continue to watch and try to drive mix and innovation there to get revenue realization.
Thomas Falk: So we saw broadly good results across most of the international markets, probably not as rapidly growing as in prior quarters. It's a little slower for us in Eastern Europe. We still had double-digit gains in China and high single-digit growth across Latin America, x Venezuela.
Thomas Falk: No, I mean that was -- we had several startups and some of them didn't go as well as planned. And so there wasn't any one thing that was as big of a deal. The bigger factor driving the margin was cost inflation and higher trade spending.
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of areas. I mean, obviously, we expect the birthrate to stabilize and start to pick up in the U.S. in the back half of the year. And we look at lots of long range forecasts on that. A lot of it is related to consumer confidence and so forth. So we're seeing small positive signs there. In our KCP business, we saw -- we had double-digit volume growth in safety in the quarter, which is good. But manufacturing-related stuff is starting to move again. On the other hand, office vacancies are still bumping along the bottom. So not a lot of improvement in that segment. Lodging as well is at near historical lows. So it's kind of a mixed bag. But in some of the manufacturing segments, we're starting to see decent growth. We actually had decent volume growth in KCP in Europe, which -- Germany is heating up and recovering nicely. And then in the emerging markets, we saw, still, pretty solid volume growth in KCP. On Health Care as well, had decent volume growth this quarter, which has been a pretty stable performer. So we're past the H1N1 comps and are back to more normal growth in Health Care, which was positive.
Thomas Falk: Yes. And I think our announced price increases were in bathroom tissue, diapers, baby wipes. And so I think there's been some competitive announcements on paper towels that we'll obviously be evaluating. I think that, like anything else in these things, you announce your price increase. I don't think I've ever seen a customer yet that said thank you for that, and so just as we don't want our suppliers to hand us cost increases. And so it's a competitive environment, and we'll see what happens in the marketplace. It was, I think -- recently, we had confirmation that one of our principal competitors is going to follow in the KCP front. Actually, a couple of other competitors lead price increases that we recently followed. So yes, I think it's not surprising. When you look almost across every category out there, you're seeing the impact of higher commodity costs show up in higher selling prices for everything.
Thomas Falk: Yes. Well, we don't give any quarterly color on that. But I'd say you're thinking about the right variables. So in the second quarter, we'll not have much benefit from any selling price moves, at least certainly not in North America. And we do try to manage the amount that customers forward buy on pricing because it just screws up everybody's supply chain. So I wouldn't be looking for too big of a volume move there.
Thomas Falk: You're a little high on the price front. So basically, our cost inflation, we went up from $200 million to $250 million to around $450 million, I think. And so it was about a couple of hundred million move. If you get an average, about a 1/2 point more price, that's $100 million. Some additional FORCE cost savings. There's another $50 million. And then some benefits from currency and between the line spending and those kinds of things is roughly how you'd get there.
Thomas Falk: I believe that one of our principal competitors has confirmed that they're going up on diaper pricing and on roll tissue.
Thomas Falk: This is more of a tax planning strategy. So nothing's really changed on that. Still remains in force, and we hadn't had to pay the tax yet, based on how it's been structured.
Thomas Falk: Yes, no, I would expect to see absolute spending go up this year, but probably by about the same or slightly less than sales. And so we're getting pretty good returns on our innovations spend. We've got a lot of innovation coming. And we're also getting some efficiency in how we spend the money. So we think we're adequately funding the innovation, which is our near-term strategy.
Thomas Falk: Yes, no, we continue to drive innovation and gain distribution back on both Viva and Scott Towels. So we're back on air with Viva this year with Mike Rowe, our celebrity spokesperson for Viva. So we've actually -- that's out, and the team is making some headway with that. And so, yes, I expect to see us continue to support both those brands.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think the way you should think about it is that we're really focusing on managing two variables. It is customers service levels and days inventories outstanding. And so we're taking curtailment as we need to, to hit those variables. And so I think part of the comparison to last year is that, because we were on allocation, our customer service wasn't where we wanted it to be. So we ran everything we had in tissue, particularly flat out in the first quarter last year. And this one was probably more normal sequentially to where we were in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Falk: Again, we're more focused on hitting the full year guidance at this point than trying to manage any one individual quarter to have a quarterly comparison that's favorable or unfavorable.
Thomas Falk: Well, the other thing, when you look out there at every category, you're seeing this kind of pricing popping up. So it's certainly happening in food. It's happening in other non-food categories. It's happening at the gas pump. And so I suspect what you're seeing is the consumer potential is less sensitive. I think we're also getting more sophisticated in our pricing ability, in terms of targeting price points and understanding consumer shopper behavior. So where we're doing it with count versus list is more sophisticated as well. So we're intentionally trying to avoid having big elasticity challenges.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, sequentially, our gross margin was down about 170 basis points from Q4. A lot of that is going to be -- pulp and polymer in particular are up year-on-year. But I don't know if Paul can add any color on that.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think retailers certainly understand what's going on, because they're hearing it from every supplier. So whether you're selling cornflakes or Kleenex, you're seeing the impact of higher commodity costs show up in pricing discussions. And so retailers understand it. But they also want to understand how you're going to help them drive their business overall, and how you're going to make it relevant to the consumer and handle it in the shopping environment. So I think every one of those discussions goes a little differently, but that's basically the nature of it.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. We continue to -- the dividend is important. We've increased our dividend at a rate faster than earnings for the last several years and have a top-tier dividend payout. So that's important to us. And then obviously, providing enough capital to invest in our business, to continue the innovation growth and top line growth in emerging markets that we've seen. So we'll spend close to $1 billion on capital spending this year. So that's obviously a key priority. And then where we see tuck-in M&A opportunities, we would obviously look for those. We're disciplined and approach it in that fashion. But I don't see anything substantial that's on the horizon at this stage.
Thomas Falk: I'd say you've seen a little bit slower category growth, growing out of China, for example, we've been growing in last year in the 25% to 30% range in Personal Care. We were double-digit this quarter, but lower double-digit. We've got a lot of aggressive expansion going on there, expect that to continue. But these are all competitive environments as well. And so the if Chinese economy slows a bit, you could see a little slower rate of category penetration in some of these markets. Latin America is going to be pretty solid. So we had x Venezuela, had volume growth in Personal Care that was high-single digits. That's pretty consistent with where it's been with good category penetration. Eastern Europe is probably the one that's been more of a challenge for us, and some of that's just going to take more competitive environment than more competitive pricing pressures. So that market actually dips in volume in the quarter, and we'd expect that to turn around and return to growth with some of the activity that we have planned there for the balance of the year.
Thomas Falk: It was more a competitive activity with pricing below us, and we were probably a little slow to come down.
Thomas Falk: Yes, the kind was really related to the U.S. market. And we've looked at various consumer confidence surveys to get a projection on that and use the same types of sources. We can get you the specific details if you're interested.
Thomas Falk: No, I think two things. One is that there was a -- I think a principal competitor had made a count change to an effective bonus pack to add some diapers to the pack. Rather than do that, we decided to match on a price-per-diaper basis through higher trade spend. And so you saw that impact in the first quarter. Probably the other impact was looking at it versus first quarter last year. We had relatively fewer events scheduled as we we're getting ready for the Jeans diaper launch that happened in the second quarter last year. So there was more of a normal event calendar in the first quarter this year.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think a couple of things. First of all, when we announced what we're going to do on price -- and then we see what shakes out in the marketplace and so I think the information on competition is emerging at this point in time. And we'll see what happens in the marketplace. Obviously, what private label does or other competitors do. And the second thing is, we've got a very strong innovation plan coming, with improved mainline Huggies that's beginning to roll-out as we speak. Jeans diaper coming in the second quarter, and then some strong infant care category innovation in the last half of the year. And so I think when you're coupling pricing moves with better innovation, that typically has a smaller impact on the category.
Thomas Falk: Okay. Well, that's a different question. I thought you're going to ask -- no, I think the way the pricing strategies play out is that in every individual market, you look at the dynamics of cost and competition and you try to get as much net revenue realization as you can. And you do that through a multiple of ways. Some involve innovation, some involve list price, some involve promotion strategy. So we did some price realization in the U.K. on Andrex last year where we have a very strong brand, really by just adjusting our promotional depth and frequency. And didn't do anything with list price, and we're able to improve our revenue realization by reducing the depth and reducing the frequency. And so every one of our teams around the world is trying to improve their margins as much as they can by using all the tools that they have available to them. And so sort of a separate question long term is, where is Europe from an attractive standpoint? Overall, Europe generates substantial amount of cash. They delivered on their plan fully in 2010. And we know they're working hard to deliver on their commitments in 2011 as well.
Thomas Falk: No, no. I mean, you really look at it market by market. So we're taking price in the U.S. because of the innovation strength, the competitive dynamics and the cost dynamics. In some markets in Europe where we can get price, we'll take price there as well. But it's really more about optimizing each individual market as opposed to a global pricing strategy.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. And I'll be going from this call unto a call with our top 1000 leaders, and we're going to talk about our innovation plans for the back half of the year and the exciting things that we have coming in Huggies and U by Kotex and Poise and Depend and the great opportunity we have to continue to drive our KCP, wiper and safety business and all the exciting things coming in Health Care and how rapidly we're growing in international markets. And so it's not about cutting for the sake of cost cutting, it's managing those things that we can control so that we can invest in the long-term future growth options for our business. And where we're also telling, hey, we're not going to be victims see here. This is the way the world is everywhere. Everybody's got to be good on -- sharp on cost. We've got to be good at pricing. We've got to be good at innovation. And so we're going to make those tough trade-offs to do the most important things. And the nice-to-have stuff isn't going to get done. So you see, you get a little warm-up of my speech that's going to come to the employees in a few minutes.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I think, directionally, without doing all the math in my head, that sounds right. But if you look at -- pulp is likely to go up again in April. Polymer is going up in April from where it was in the first quarter. So I think we'll probably have more relatively more cost pressure in the second quarter than we -- and the comps get a little easier in the back of the year.
Thomas Falk: Yes. Part of the reasons for widening the range was -- when you think about it, just our cost estimate alone swung by $0.45 a share from our last guidance to you. And today, we are operating with a $0.15 annual guidance range. So widening, it seemed appropriate. So how would you get to the top end of the range? If costs wind up being a little bit more positive in the back half of the year, if things settle down in the Middle East and oil, it wasn't that long ago, it was $85 a barrel. We're not predicting that. But if you saw some break in commodity costs in the second half, that would be a plus. Obviously, full realization of price and innovation and particularly in the back half of the year would get you north of the top end of the range and then delivering the kind of cost savings in SG&A that we talked about. And so we're aimed at doing all that, at least on the things that we can control, and think we still got a shot at the guidance range this year.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think, because of the factors that I talked a little bit about, is probably a little worse for us from a comp standpoint on the tissue front. As I said, in some areas, we had some supply challenges in the first quarter of last year. So have basically pulled back in promotions. And so now that we are back to more of a normal promotion environment in Tissue, that's a bigger negative for us than it would be for some other competitors. On the diaper front, part of our increase in trade was, again, getting back to a more normal, or a more robust promotional calendar. So that's probably going to be more our issue. And then we're matching up with some competitive activity with trade spending versus with other tools. What one in the U.S. where you put a bonus pack in that shows up as a different -- shows up as volume growth, not us higher trade spend.
Thomas Falk: Again, as I think, because of the timing of promotions, we're probably going to be at a little higher drag than the industry.
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, I think the case of Tissue, our supply issues were stabilized about the second quarter of last year. So it shouldn't be as big of a drag.
Thomas Falk: I would say, because we were launching the Jeans diaper last year, we'll be doing that again this year. So again, the comparison should be a little easier in the second quarter.
Thomas Falk: Well, that's obviously our focus, is to make sure that those announced list price increases do translate into higher net realized revenue in the back half of the year. If you take you list up and spend it all back, you know you won't have accomplished anything. And so we'll see what happens in the marketplace. But we certainly believe that pricing is justified based on the costs. And if you look at other categories, it's happening in lots of other categories around the grocery store.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, you can see some short-term volume impacts, particularly if there's some consumer loading ahead of the price change or trade loading ahead of the price change. You can see some volumes swings. But we're not assuming any major volume drag at this point in time.
Thomas Falk: Pricing in fem, adult. Yes, in some cases, the U by Kotex stuff was already by premium-priced. And so as we've seen our share grow, sort of we've been getting the benefit of mix on feminine care and really have seen good momentum. And, again, with much higher gross margin categories, the cost impacts have a lower relative impact on the overall cost structure. So we're really focused on driving our growth and return, based on our innovation there. Adult care, a similar story with both Poise and Depend. Categories are growing rapidly. That's probably our most sensitive consumer from a price-elasticity standpoint. The primary competitor's private label, where we know that there'll be a lag on pricing. And so we've got strong innovation and mix-accretive innovation coming, and are really going to get our net realized revenue improvements there through mix and volume.
Thomas Falk: I think pricing is always set based on expectations. So we're looking at the forwards for oil. We're looking at all the industry forecasts for pulp. And if we saw that there was a much bigger spike coming, we wouldn't be shy about taking pricing where we need to, to recover that. I think the challenge has been that the commodity costs have not performed as forecasted. No one expected the Middle East to melt down here in the first quarter, which has driven oil up at a much more rapid pace. And so I think we're looking at all the same forecasts that we have in the past and that most of our principal competitors are. And as we see those expectations changing, we won't be shy about adjusting price going forward.
Thomas Falk: Ye. Certainly, both B2B businesses were strong volume performance in the quarter, probably have easier comps because of both of the economic downturn impact on KCP last year and then the H1N1 impact on healthcare last year. So that will help, I think, our overall volume performance. And I do think that you're seeing signs in some segments of the economy, that things are starting to get marginally better. So we'll look for that to be a volume boost for us this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, there's more TAD capacity out there, but it's also a lot more difficult to make a high-quality premium Thru-Air Dried sheet than just buying a machine and starting it up. So I'd say, both us and P&G have substantial experience in both the fabrics on those machines, as well as the chemistry to deliver an advantaged based sheet performance. And you'll expect to see some improvements in COTTONELLE that we think will be a step change in performance improvement on COTTONELLE, which we'll continue to make it the premium product that deserves the market pricing that we're going to have on it this year.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think in the near term, we're getting good productivity growth through our lean/continuous improvement. And so certainly, for North America, we should be in pretty good shape from a capacity standpoint.
Thomas Falk: Okay. Once again, it's a challenging environment. But we've laid out a plan that we think is aggressive, but will help us stay on track with our Global Business Plan. Thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I would say also the makeup of cost inflation is probably, if you think about it, is 2/3 oil and oil-related costs, 1/3, fiber. That's a little different mix than we've experienced in the past, and oil and oil-related costs tend to impact Personal Care a little bit more than you'd see in Tissue.
Mark Buthman: Yes, I think that's fair to say. We'll have some to do in the back half. But we got a significant amount out the first quarter. We'll take that pace down just a little bit in the second quarter. But the majority will be done by the time we've finished with June. And nothing incremental planned at this point.
Mark Buthman: No, I think we've got -- I think the disclosure sort of speaks for itself. We've got financing out there, the secured financing around the timber that we sold. And…
Mark Buthman: Yes, there's two notes in there, Chip, and we paid one of those off. That may be the movement that you're seeing.
Mark Buthman: Yes. And last year, FORCE was pretty consistent across the year. So the big restructuring benefit we got was in the third quarter of '09. So year-on-year, we don't have the same comparison issue maybe that we wrestled with in the third quarter of last year.
