Thomas J. Falk: I think I would say, we’re going to have some carry-over price drag in places like China. We still probably will get some additional positive price in markets like Brazil and Argentina, but we're not counting on a lot of price. In some of these markets the consumer has been pushed pretty hard and we just don't see of a big opportunity to take price. And even in markets like the U.K. where you’ve had though the Brexit phenomena, we will try to take some small positive price increases, but we're not counting on a lot of that to drive our year in 2017. So I think while the currency hit isn't as big as it’s been in the past, the commodities we're assuming that oil is up double digits and secondary fiber is up double digits. But some others like eucalyptus pulp is going to be pretty flat, but we’d just say the net of that is we're not counting on a lot of price in 2017.
Thomas J. Falk: I think. Both of those. We’ve tend to try to innovate on the premium end. We want all of our innovation to be margin accretive where ever we can. In markets like Brazil though, we are making sure we’re innovating on the low tier when the category is moving down into tier 2, you want to make sure you've got a good performing product and can make competitive claims. And so we are trying to make sure we're innovating where the consumer is moving toward.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah so, I guess, the way I’d come out that, I’d say the marketing research general did not include advertising in that number so that would really be the cost of the marketers and any marketing research or other things. I would say if you just looked at the quarter there was probably some more timing things particularly on our R&D where the third quarter was a little heavier than the fourth quarter, which is a little unusual for us. But that why I probably look at the full year number to be more predictive, our advertising spend overall was pretty similar to the prior year fourth quarter, but down a little bit sequentially. So that’s not that unusual. We continue to see shifts out of advertising into digital couponing and a lot of that cost gets captured between gross and net sales. So you don't really get good visibility of that. But as you think about the top line in 2017, the way I would come out at it is that we're calling a roughly 2%, that's roughly what we did in 2016 on average. 2016 was very front half loaded and the back half was fairly wide as you described and 2017 from a cost standpoint, you know have tougher comps in the front half and easier comps in the back half, so I think we’re calling fairly similar overall to what we saw for the full year in 2016.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I wouldn't say any of it, it will be much more market specific, so in places like Brazil and Argentina where there's a lot of local market inflation, not necessarily even big commodity categories. You know that they will be taking price up in those markets. Will they recover all it? You know I think that’s an open question. You are seeing more competitive activity in some of those markets. We still have some of the carryover drag from some of the Chinese price reductions that we experienced in 2016 that will be a drag in 2017. In markets like the U.K. or in or even in North America, the level of inflation that we're seeing, we may get some pricing in case KCP around secondary fiber where we’ve got double digit price increases in secondary fiber. But I wouldn't expect to get much price on our other broad consumer categories just because the inflation level isn't that big relative to the size of those businesses.
Thomas J. Falk: The other the other thing Ali is that we feel pretty good about our cost savings going forward. And so our ability to absorb a little bit of inflation, these are fairly low inflation numbers, relative to what we've seen in the past and generating cost savings in the $400 million in a year, it gives us the ability to recover some of that and be competitive in the marketplace.
Thomas J. Falk: Because I think it is a little bit of all of those I think. There is – growth rates in a lot of our categories have slowed. We said we were expecting category growth rates of roughly 2%. We would have said several years ago three to four was probably more what we were trending. So growth rates have come down, there's still lots of competition including local competitors who are aggressively pursuing business and we're trying to make sure we’ve got the right innovation, we got the right price point, we’re executing well in market and that probably makes it a little tougher in this environment to get price increases, in a market like Brazil, where the category is going backwards 3% to 4% in volume and you're taking list price up, you can generate some short-term category value increases, you don't want it to be a race to zero either.
Thomas J. Falk: There's been a pretty big category shift in the last year where training pants category growth is up strong double digits and diaper category growth is down a little bit. Since I got Mike Hsu here on his first call Mike is running North American business, why don’t you weigh in on that one Mike and give them a little color around that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah Lauren, it’s probably playing out the biggest in diapers and because of a couple of factors. The non-measured, the online channels are growing at a rapid rate and so you can't see some of the customers that are in there. Also some of the changes in terms of who is reporting with whom between Nielsen RRI [ph] also going to start affecting us as well. So it's a bit of a challenge right now when we're working through some of these issues too.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, that's a key question, Jason. Obviously, I’d say, Latin America economic recovery would be a key driver. So if you look at Brazil, Argentina, they’re taking a pretty big shock, but Brazil in particular from lower oil prices. As those come back that we’ve got pretty big business with down there that could tier a lot of top line growth issues. On the other hand, as you look at places like Russia, China, still very strong category volume growth and we still see big penetration opportunities in lots of markets around the world. So I think that's why we would still say long-term there’s huge opportunity here for us. In the short-term we're at a little slower spot than the GDP growth per capita of range that we're going to make the categories go at a little slower rate.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, well, call it other Jason, because it is just a big unknown, but no seriously, I’ll let Maria give you a little bit of color, but there’s a lot of local inflation in there. We also have other product improvement costs would be in there, so for upgrading and adding functionality to a product we would put that into that line. Any start-up costs for new capital equipment around the world would go into that line, I don’t know Maria, if there’s anything else you would add to that or build on that.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say that line tends to be pretty similar year-to-year, but I don’t know Paul, if you’ve got any other, we have never tried to forecast other, so.
Thomas J. Falk: Each country team would have their own wage and benefit program and we just – as we break out the analysis of change and share that with you, we capture those cost increases on the other bucket and so I think that’s the nature of the question that was asked. So we try to run a very efficient corporate overhead team and Maria oversees the corporate G&A budget and I know they're planning for a fairly flat, I don’t know if you want to comment on how you’re approaching that going into 2017.
Thomas J. Falk: Trust me if we were sending our operating unit teams bigger bills from corporate, we would hear about it, so.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah that local share seems very high to me. I mean, you’ve got essentially four big global diaper players with P&G is still the share leader. Their share is high teens. Our share would be high teens. Kao would be similar and Unit Term [ph], I think it's about 10 share. Then [Hang On] which is the local players about a 5 share. So I think Caroline it may depend on which dataset you're looking at their because there’s a substantial portion of the Chinese market is in e-commerce. Another good chunk is in baby superstores and then there is relatively smaller segment than you might see in other markets that are in traditional retail. So if you looked at a just a Nielsen traditional retail number you could probably get a high share for a local player but that’s covering a very small part of the market.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the pricing is down double digits for the year, a lot of that happened in the – started really in late of 2015, but rolled through early 2016. Our expectation is going into 2017 that pricing is not going to get better in the short term. We do see good category volume growth, see a strong growth rate, high single digit, maybe even low double digit increase in births in China, good category participation rate. So there aren’t many markets in the world that are growing that fast and it's not surprising that that there's a lot of competition there. Our team has done a fantastic job of is improving the products and reducing our costs, so that our margins overall in China are still quite attractive.
Thomas J. Falk: For Personal Care, should still be the fastest growing segment I would say overall. KCP had about 1 point drag this year on their segment organic growth due to lower sales to Halyard and some of our internal nonwovens, so that was expected because that supply agreement kind of wound down. So we won't have that negative comp of holding them back in 2017, so KCP could be a bit higher. Consumer Tissue I'd say overall will be pretty similar.
Thomas J. Falk: Just a thing I would add to that is Maria and our new supply chain leader, Sandra MacQuillan, have done a great job of driving inventory down. As we have – had held less inventory you get lots of other distribution and logistics savings and that probably another area that we’ve done better and I think there's more to come there.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, I’d say the simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe we have enough pant capacity and so we’ve been at and that’s pretty much we’ve been adding pant capacity in major market in the world. We got new assets in China, Brazil, Russia, Czech Republic even Central America. And so - and our team in Mexico has also added capacity, so yeah we do feel pretty good about that. Not to get too technical, but the grade change between the diaper and a pant would be time consuming enough, that you probably wouldn't want to do it very often, so it's better to have dedicated assets.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, I think the end game for us is deliver winning products, build market share and sustain your business over time. You know it's kind of tried and true techniques and in China we invested a ton in 2016 in our newborn program to make sure that we were capturing new moms and carrying them through. We're doing a lot of hospital sampling in many markets around the world to make sure that mom goes home from the hospital with the right products. And so it's all the basics. I mean, as we deconstruct some of the P&Ls to attempt of our key our competition, I think these are still attractive businesses, even at reduced prices and we've been good at getting the cost out to help protect our margins structure. And so we want the diaper to work better and cost less and if we can continue to deliver on that, yeah, that makes it tougher for anybody to compete with us. I don’t know if that addresses it specifically. There’s another part to your question, Bill, I don’t know if I answered better or not.
Thomas J. Falk: I think the point I would make there is that e-commerce is making pricing more transparent everywhere. So there's more – you know if retailers just to comp each other’s promoted prices and now e-commerce you can go comp three websites quick and easy and there’s apps that'll do it for you and so I think that's probably driving more of an EDLP type environment recognizing, there’s still room for some promotion. I don’t know Mike if you've got a view of that of what you see in North America.
Thomas J. Falk: Nothing really unusual and that’s said just we were probably tightly controlling spend, but as you would hope we are always doing. But I would say no there was no unusual item that rolled through there.
Thomas J. Falk: That is a left field question Nik, I think that would be the first time I have had that one. But let me answer the first question. So the global consumer I would say probably a bit of a mixed bag if you're in a economy that had oil as a large part your economy, but you’re feeling still some pressure. So now you saw negative GDP in Russia. Nigeria, certainly under pressure, very slow or negative GDP per capita growth there. Some of the challenges in Brazil have been there as well. So if you're a oil consuming nation you’ve got a big windfall in 2016 and so a pretty good GDP per capita growth generally or improving. So I would say if you look at a market like China, the underlying category demand growth, the birth rate those are all really positive signals. Despite a little bit of a little bit of a slowdown in their overall GDP growth, you still saw a really good growth in GDP per capita and more consumers coming in reach of our products and entering the category and starting families et cetera. And you’d see some similar things. Vietnam is a very a good market for us as well. You saw – actually saw a very – we had a terrific year in Korea, despite a fairly flattish economy, our Korean business did pretty well. So I’d say, the U.K. with Brexit. Our KCP business in particular saw, a little weaker year than we were expecting there. I think you saw some distributors not wanting to hold inventory, not certain necessarily what was happening next, that seemed like that calmed down a bit at the end of the year. It feels like maybe the U.K. is more stable at the moment and we'll see what the next step is in Brexit. But I don't know Marie if you want to add anything to that, so.
Thomas J. Falk: Maybe just to build on that Nik, a way to think about it is if you could think about the perfect order or the perfect payables transaction or the quantity, the price, the delivery terms, everything lined up perfectly with the purchase order or it could sale right through your system and get paid without any human involvement, that would be the gold standard. I'd say too often some of those things don't work out and you need human beings to fix and adjust and correct all those minor errors that happen. And if you think about a customer transaction, if we could take the customer's order, get the price exactly right, the quantity shipped on the date they wanted it with the correct terms. So it applies right through our system and their system without any additional intervention that's a big opportunity and it takes friction out of everyone's transaction costs. But we still got a long way to go to get to that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say, Erin, it’s kind of a mixed bag if you looked at Russia, which has had a pretty good economic shock, we still saw a very strong a category growth. Our Huggies business was up double digits in volume and we had higher selling prices, lot of innovation so responsive consumer to that. Brazil on the other hand you’ve tended to see, category volume declines in the low single digits 3% to 4% over the last couple of quarters. So that would say the consumer is either reducing their household inventory or reducing their usage in some cases or shifting from five or six diapers a day to three or four diapers a day that could account for that, if a subset of the consumer base is doing that. Argentina has probably been the biggest shock, they’ve had a pretty big economic transformation under way, there are going to move some of their utility cost to more of a market rate and that's having a big impact on household budgets and you're seeing lots of categories declining in that market. I think it will take some time to really tell how that’s going to shake out. But we saw in the third and fourth quarter in Argentina double digit declines in category diaper volume, which, that’s pretty unusual, you don't see that every day.
Thomas J. Falk: Then to your point in the U.S. market we're not offering training pants that go down to newborn sizes. Or as in some of the emerging markets you do find diaper pants in smaller sizes although, usually not newborn, but usually in size one, two, you find some of those are still pretty small part of those categories.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah and even diaper pant usage in emerging markets tends to start when babies are a little bit more active crawling stage.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I’d say, there could be a couple of mix factors. As I said earlier in China we invested a lot in newborn in 2016, as those babies move up into the more mainstream diapers, you know we expect to see a little bit of more positive mix. And newborn hurts our mix just because there's more diapers in a bag and you sell the bag for the same price. Although you'd argue that builds your franchise, so you definitely want to have a leadership share there. But we’re probably a little overweight newborn in China and that will have an effect on us going forward. I’d say broadly we're not expecting a lot from price or mix in 2017. So I think they would both be slightly positive, but that's not going to be the story driving our growth, that’s going to be core volume.
Thomas J. Falk: Cadence on innovation, obviously it’s going to vary by market and so typically we've got quite a bit of stuff going on in North America. Mike I don't know if you want to comment on some of the things going on in independent polls without revealing any too much competitive launch data.
Thomas J. Falk: In China we launched a new super premium diaper pant in November and so that will really just start to get traction as we roll into of 2017.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, Bonnie, yeah, I think the environment is elevated and I think we saw an elevation occur in the third quarter, you could probably see that through in our results back then. I think we improved in the fourth quarter, I think the team has responded well to the kind of the change in environment and ramped up their intensity in terms of both securing the right merchandising activity and the right marketing activity. I think our call is that it’s going to remain this way for a while, and that’s what we’re assuming for 2017. I think our teams are prepared for right innovation both in diapers, child care, adult care and fem care and we’re excited about our plan for 2017.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I’d probably say comparable, but we've got some pretty good items in there and I think we’re not ready to kind of disclose what they are yet, Paul, But I think we feel good about it.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say you know wipers was a little - was flattish in the quarter and for the year. We saw a little bit more growth in our core washroom business, so we've driven a lot of our innovation and commercial programming around the washroom and its probably refreshed that business a little bit. We’re still seeing opportunity with wipers particularly in some of the heavy manufacturing areas, things like aeronautics and so forth, where we do a fair amount of work. So as those picked up we should see some opportunities to drive more wiper business.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, no, I think that’s fair. I guess, the way I would think about it would be; number one, as economic growth globally has slowed down and some of the markets we talked about. There's just less growth around and just as many people chasing it. So that inherently will make that just a bit more competitive if you’re growing 3 to 4 and now you're growing too. And then you got the same number of competitors, it just makes – the same number of people fighting over in pieces of a smaller pie or smaller growth opportunity. So that’s probably one. I also think you're seeing more competitors, expanding into more markets. So CNPC has moved out of Chile and is now operating in Brazil and moving into Peru and they're operating in Mexico, you know that's new geography for them and they’re obviously trying to get traction in launch. We’ve seen Unit term [ph] launch in Brazil. They haven’ t build a big share position there yet, but that increases the competitive set. SCA [ph] has done acquisitions and increased their footprint globally in lots of places and so maybe it used to be us and our primary global competitor in a market, now you've got usually one or two other global players that are around and just makes it, so you got to be sharp on innovation, you got to sharp on cost and you got to be great on execution. We're up for that challenge, but there's other players in the neighborhood.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, I would say, this, I mean, I think the, if you think about all the weighting of those factors. The slower economic growth is the one that’s probably, that you can't do anything about but that's probably the bigger challenge. The economies are growing better. There's more growth to feed more mouths in category in particular places. And so the effect, we got more competition in more places. At the end of day, we’ve got to deliver a winning product solution at an attractive cost and execute it well on the market and so does everybody else. So yeah I'm absolutely up for that challenge.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I mean, they're pretty different markets I would say and so China is an explosive growth opportunity where more and more people as our GDP per capita improves, are entering the category. So with billion plus, people in the country that is a near limitless supply of consumers that could eventually come into our category. I’d say if you contrast it to Brazil, you probably had higher category penetration rates to start with. Unless GDP per capita growth and lately it’s been negative in GDP per capita trends. And so yeah, I’d just say it’s a different starting point and different economic. Ones a got great tailwind and one 's got a headwind that you're running against. We have launch diaper pants in Brazil, have seen pretty good conversion and launched things like, in adult care in our Depend, Plenitude, which is our brand in that part of the world. We've been pretty successful at transitioning the category from a lower cost briefs, which is more like an adult diaper to a higher cost pant will much similar to what we would sell in the U.S., just because it’s much better solution and then deliver terrific value. Even though that is a income challenged consumer and so, you do still see responsiveness, but you don't have the explosive growth of GDP per capita and more people under in the category of that you probably have in China.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we had a good year 2016. We've laid out an aggressive plan for our global business class strategies in 2017. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Maria Henry: Yeah, I think that's right. It definitely has a currency component to it as well as the inflation component to it is what drives it.
Maria Henry: Yeah, on the corporate side we have pretty aggressive management of those expenses. I think you saw a decrease year-over-year 2016 to 2015 when you look at that segment reporting that we have on the corporate expenses. So we’ll remain diligent on that and I think we benchmark well in that area.
Maria Henry: Sure. Yeah for the FORCE cost savings, come in three main areas and that was consistent in 2016 as it has been and those as a remind our savings that we drive from negotiating with our vendors, so on lower material prices, improving our productivity in ways across our facilities through manufacturing process and driving out ways everywhere. The third area is optimizing the cost of our product specifications and in particular looking for – what are things that don't matter to the consumer that we can optimize or how do we engineer our products with more effective material to lower the overall cost of the product. So those were the three areas for 2016 that drove our FORCE cost savings. What I will say though is because we did a little over our expectation our teams were incredibly focused on driving savings as we continue to fight it out in the very tough macroeconomic environment. So some of the areas where we over-delivered include in our international markets and also in some of our manufacturing and distribution operations. Those were ahead of our expectations in 2016,
