Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call: Mark will begin with a review of second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on results through the first half of the year and also our full-year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. Before we begin, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook this morning, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see this morning's news release. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, for the full year, Caroline, currency is going to be a drag of about 3% on the top line, and previously, we were expecting about a 2% drag for the year. All of that is coming essentially in the back half.
Paul J. Alexander: I mean currency rates adjusted pretty late in the second quarter, so yes, we're going to feel it pretty quickly in the third quarter here.
Thomas J. Falk: I think in Europe Personal Care, a couple of things. We had double-digit growth in our baby wipes business. We had high-single digit growth in DryNites and Pull-Ups and we had low-single digit growth in branded diapers. And so it's good to see we've got good innovation and strong brands in some of those categories that are delivering growth. We also picked up a couple of private label contracts, which also helped, and then I think the comps were a little easier in second quarter last year. So lots going on there. In Consumer Tissue, in Europe was your question or was it in...
Thomas J. Falk: In North America, you saw kind of a mixed bag. The second quarter facial tissue volumes were down just a touch. Our shares were relatively stable overall. COTTONELLE volumes were down, but Viva and Scott Towels volumes were up. Some of the -- most of the COTTONELLE volume decline had more to do with promotional timing at a key customer. Last year we had a big promotion, it didn't repeat this year. So that would explain most of it. But the shares overall in tissue look pretty decent.
Thomas J. Falk: You probably saw private label shares ticked up in several categories, 1 point or 2 sequentially, and so diapers was one of those. I think it was up a point sequentially. Our shares were flat, but that's one that you probably would look to. Now you have other ones. You look at our adult care shares, our private label is down a couple of points. And so it's probably just one that we've watched sequentially, but infant care was up, I think, 0.9 point. Fem care private label share was up just under a point. Facial tissue, it always goes up sequentially because it's the weakest quarter, so that one was fairly normal. And then in the dry bath category, private label was up a couple of points. So as we would say, we'd look at modest category trade down, those were areas we'd probably focus on.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, we're basing on forecasts that are out there. So we're down probably about $35 a ton on average per NBSK versus our last update for you. I think in April, we talked about $915 to $930 a ton. We're now calling it $880 to $895 a ton on average for the year. Current spot is about $880. So we think that we're in the ballpark, but we'll see what happens. I think the northern softwood market has maybe gotten a little bit more slack in recent weeks, so there may be a little bit more downside there. But the hardwood market where we probably buy more eucalyptus than anything else seems fairly firm at this point. So I wouldn't see a lot of opportunity on that part of our fiber mix.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, I would say if you kind of look at the percent of sales, we're back pretty close to where we were in 2010. So we had ramped up and gotten up to a little over 5% of sales. In 2011 it flattened out, and we really had a better year of sales growth and didn't increase strategic marketing, in fact, it decreased a little bit. And so we're more back on the trendline and kind of back to where we probably ought to be from a percent of sales basis. We really look at it more market by market and are we competitive with our share of voice and are we investing appropriately behind the innovation. And so most of the incremental funding is going to drive Personal Care growth in emerging markets, and so you're seeing -- with the kind of growth we're seeing in China, Russia, Latin America, you're seeing a significant uptick in spend there. In North America, when we launch our new Poise and Depend products, we're doing that behind a full up A&P program. Same will be true with some of the new U by Kotex experience. We had a relaunch of the mainline Huggies diapers that we supported this year, and so we're investing behind innovation that we think will drive top line and margin ultimately and then that's showing up so far this year.
Thomas J. Falk: We still would say that the amount of downtime we're going to take is going to be pretty similar overall this year to last year. Last year was probably more heavily back-end weighted, so I think our comps are going to get easier on that score in the back half. Pretty much all the downtime has been focused on North America and baby and child care, where the category's softer than we thought. So we're taking downtime to make sure we don't build inventory in that environment. And maybe Mark, you can talk about cash conversion cycle, but we're pretty close to running at the rate that we need to run at, and I think we just a little bit of opportunity in the back half as we get past some of the launches that we've built some inventory for in the first half.
Thomas J. Falk: That's always a risk, especially as you have a weaker commodity environment that someone will spend it back. I think our primary competitor has been pretty transparent on where their focal point is for pricing investments, and so you guys have read all that, I'm sure. So the areas that they highlighted, I'm sure we'll continue to see activities that we'll be focused on. And from our standpoint, we're focused on driving the business with innovation and driving a better mix overall. We will anniversary a lot of the pricing in the back half of the year, particularly K-C International, but also in the U.S. So the pricing comps will get tougher. And in the meantime, if we can continue to drive innovation, we'll make it that much tougher for everybody to compete.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I don't think they've seen a big enough commodity pullback in any area that would -- that, that alone would drive a major pricing action, and I think most retailers would like to be advantaged as opposed to just seeing a broad industry decrease. So they would like a special offer that's lined up with their particular strategy and are more focused on that kind of a discussion than in trying to get you the rollback industry prices, which just takes dollars of the category and hurts their same-store sales.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, obviously, we're feeling the full effects of 3 years of low birth rate declines, and the birth rate looks like it's going to be fairly flat this year. And so you'll start to see that roll into the child care category as those children graduate from diapers and move into Pull-Ups, and so we would expect that you'll still see relatively soft category comps this year, but it should start to stabilize next year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, as you can imagine, it's a fairly complex -- the question depends on the amount of the material that's imported in that particular market versus what's produced in-country. So if a good part of your cost base is in a foreign currency and your home currency devalues, you're going to see pricing happen a lot quicker. So for example, in Russia, as we have moved to producing in-country, now more of our cost base is in ruble so you can handle swings in the ruble a lot easier than if you were importing all the diapers from Europe or from somewhere else. And so in Russia, for example, there has been some price improvement but not to the extent that you'd see in the ruble devaluation. And so, I think broadly, you'll tend to see pricing changes when you have big swings in currency, when you've got a high level of imported content. And beyond that, if it's mostly local, you won't typically see a lot of price swings at that point just because the commodity costs are maybe offset -- the commodity benefit may be offset by currency weakness.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and I think we talked about last quarter where it was probably -- the comps are going to get tougher as the year progressed, and so you saw a little bit of that in the second quarter. If you look at our sales on a sequential basis, they were pretty similar in dollar terms and there wasn't a lot of new pricing. And so if you factor out the currency effect, you'd say you had some sequential volume improvement and so even though you had a deceleration on the rate of growth year-over-year, you still would see the size of the business growing broadly. And so you looked at Personal Care volumes in KCI, they were up 12 in the first quarter, they were up 8 in the second quarter. Yes, there are some things that were a little softer. Venezuela was a little softer in the second quarter, partly because of some of the price controls and things that went in caused a little bit of disruption there. But I'd say, broadly, in the big markets like China, Russia, broadly across Latin America, we didn't see much change Q1 to Q2, and the momentum still feels pretty good. And obviously, those comps will get tougher as the year progresses, but we're not seeing a big slowdown across the board yet at this stage.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, retailers are trying to drive their business overall, so they -- I was walking stores with a major retailer earlier this week, and they're looking for how do you get the right innovation in the store with the right insight on the shopper to drive my category. And so it's not just about an item price discussion with most of our strategic customers. They want to talk about the insights about the shopper and the total relationship that you're trying to build with the consumer. And so that's really where we want to play as well where we're bring innovation, things like the fem wellness category that we launched on Poise; we're getting great support. We want to bring totally new dollars to their category. That's very exciting for them. If you're the fifth guy bringing an idea to them that's already on the shelf, then you wind up having the item price discussion. But where you've got news and real innovation, they get excited about it and want to support you.
Thomas J. Falk: Coming up on that. But again, in most of those markets, we're actually looking at -- as much at category penetration and category growth as much as share in those markets because if we can take a mom who's using 1 diaper a day to using 2 diapers a day, we double our business and that's what's exciting about many of these markets.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think for us it's -- we were in about 70 cities at the end of the year, we're in 80 cities now. So part of it is we're just expanding geographically. We were in the Super Premium tier and we moved into the mainline segment last year. So in the first half, we're getting better comparisons by participating in the broader part of the category and so those are probably 2 bigger factors that ultimately will translate into an improvement in our national share, but it was more of we're participating in more of the category and that's driving our growth at this point in time in China.
Thomas J. Falk: I think we said our commodity inflation was better, about $50 million, and the effect of currency translation and transaction is probably worse, about $50 million. So they roughly offset each other, this time in our guidance for the back half of the year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think we said we had high -- we had double-digit growth in branded wipes and high-single digit growth in branded DryNites and Pull-Ups and then had low-single digit growth in branded diapers. And if you look at the private label business in Europe, it's still only about 10% of our overall sales, so we picked up some additional contracts but we had solid growth in our branded portfolio.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we've got a strong business in the U.K. and that's doing well. And actually, a lot of the innovation on wipes was pretty strong across Europe. And I was just in Europe a couple of weeks ago with Mark and some of our other leaders. And yes, Southern Europe is tough, but there are other markets. Our KCP business in Germany, for example, is doing quite well. So there are other pockets where it's maybe not as bad as you might read in the newspaper.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think you're still seeing growth in e-commerce. You're still seeing growth in a lot of small format retail, so I would not be surprised to see good numbers from dollar stores and drugstores. And then, obviously, the big-box retailers, they'll be reporting their numbers soon. You're going to see those on a monthly basis. So I think in many ways, traditional grocery winds up being the donor for a lot of that growth. So we'll see how that plays out. I mean, a lot of our categories have been shifting for many years out of grocery and into other channels. And I wouldn't say that's accelerating by any stretch, but it's still occurring.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, product launches, we've got a lot of things going. We launched some things in the second quarter on Depend and Poise, as well as in our -- under our U by Kotex brand. Those will continue in the back half. Got a lot of activity coming on diaper pants around the world where you'll see that hit in a number of markets. And one of the things I'm excited about is we're getting to our international markets much faster with our innovation, so things like the fem wellness platform will be in multiple markets, and it actually it started in Chile and it is moving to other markets rapidly around the world, including the U.S. So you'll see that show up. Our U by Kotex approach to the fem care category will be in more than 30 markets by the end of next year, so we're getting out with our innovation around the world much faster, which is exciting.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think it's a true statement that many retailers use private label as a more consistent source of margin because it can't be -- it doesn't have to be comparison price or -- some retailers, particularly on things like branded diapers, will want to have the best diaper price in a market. And so as a result, their margin sometimes erodes because of competitive pricing comparisons. They don't feel the same obligation to do that on private label, so it does, in a category management strategy, typically plays a more consistent margin generator. But I also would tell you, talking to many retailers, they want brands that their shoppers want on shelf at a competitive price and at a good value. And so it's just understanding how do we make sure we make our brands and innovation so powerful that moms come in and want to buy us every day, and that's our task as marketers and as brand builders.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I think that we haven't seen much of that yet in any of the data. The private label hasn't followed the last diaper increase that the branded players took, and so sometimes it takes 6 months or more for that to take place. We'll see if that happens this time. It hasn't happened yet.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, what we would call developing and emerging markets, which is everything except North America and Europe, is high '30s, Paul, I didn't...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess a couple things. We'd say there's a lot of moving parts in the guidance. So we'd say better volume overall was part of it, a lot of that from emerging markets. So we factored in -- we're doing better in emerging markets, but categories are a little weaker in some places in North America. The net of that is about a point better volume growth, and we're on that track so far this year. So 6 months in, we'd expect us to deliver that. So that's part of it. Our cost savings number, we took it up from a range of $150 million to $200 million to be more than $250 million, and so that on average is about a $75 million increase. That's a good chunk of it. And then 2 other factors that kind of offset each other were lower commodity costs and weaker foreign-currency rates. And then the final drag was we've got our share count was slightly higher because we're not buying back as many shares due to the price being higher, and as well as option exercises in the first half caused our diluted share count to go up. So that's about $0.05 a share that was a drag. So this may be more of an analysis than you were looking for, but those are kind of the big factors.
Thomas J. Falk: In Europe, about 10% of our Personal Care sales are private label and in the U.S. we have -- it will be a much smaller number than that, and we have very few private label contracts in Personal Care. We just do a couple of things in training pants and in diapers.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, in the U.S., the strategy has really been to drive our branded business, so we delivered a product improvement on Huggies mainline in the second quarter. We're starting to see some momentum from that. We've also got product news coming in the back half of the year. We've actually seen some uptick in our Super Premium segment behind some of the launch of diaper pants and other things. So we're really focusing on driving our branded business with innovation across the spectrum, and more of the issue is in the category weakness generally is probably more of the reason for the downtime. And then at the margins, we're seeing growth in some private label, which is mostly coming out of our competitor's share at this point.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, probably the biggest one that was down was COTTONELLE year-on-year, which is kind of mid-teens, but a lot of that was promotional timing, whereas Viva was up mid-teens or high teens actually and Scott Towels was actually up a bit more than that. So I think, probably, the bigger size business that drove the downturn was more the comp on COTTONELLE with the year-over-year promotion timing being a big part of that.
Thomas J. Falk: I think the other thing is, we're granting a lot fewer options, Chip, than we have in the past. So if you look at the structure and makeup of our long-term incentive program, 75% of the value of grants now goes in performance-based restricted stock. So it would only vest based on performance for our 3-year average sales growth and our 3-year improvement of return on invested capital. And then 25% of that mix is in the form of options, so we're driving it more to pay for performance-based restricted stock and less on options, which we think aligns us better with shareholders over time.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I would say I was pleased with the volume performance in the last quarter, so washroom was up a couple of percent and we were up 1% overall. Safety and wipers were a little lower than that. So I think I would say, anecdotally, that talking to distributors, they were more bullish early in the year on the outlook for the U.S. economy than they are today. I just think that's natural given all the things that have happened since the first of the year that, I think, everyone's outlook for growth in the U.S. has slowed a little bit and so you're seeing that. And so at this point, I think they're all still projecting growth but not as much as they were expecting at the beginning of the year.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, if anything, I think it's going the opposite way where we have a lot of retailers that did SKU reduction and probably felt like they went too deep, and ultimately, they want to carry on their shelves the products that their customers want to buy. And so where customers clearly have a strong preference in this country for brands, they want to carry those brands in the right mix at the right value and then find ways to differentiate themselves from how they bring that to life in the shopping experience. And so we're probably doing more shopper research than we've ever done to bring those insights to our customers to be able to talk about the kind of events that we ought to have and how do we make sure we convert the shopper when she's in the store. And so I think just because somebody built a machine doesn't mean that a retailer's going to want to sell more private label. I think it is more about they want to make sure they're hitting the sweet spot of what their shopper wants to buy.
Thomas J. Falk: We just talked about the incentive comp program. And so a good chunk of it is actually incentive comp increases year-over-year. So as you update your outlook for your next 2 to 3 years, that swings your payout levels for your incentive comp programs. And so that's probably -- if you strip that out of our G&A in the second quarter, you would see an increase that was more like inflation. So I think -- so that's part of it and not an insignificant amount. We're having a better year this year, so it swings those numbers higher, and last year, it was swinging the other way a little bit.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say it will be higher for the full year than 2011, but I don't think it's going to accelerate from here. I think the other place you'd see -- we're investing in K-C International so you'd see a little -- you'd see faster growth in K-C International. You'd see relatively flat G&A profile on the direct front in North America and Europe, which you'd expect.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, it's mostly an institutional business in Europe but it's not in the emerging markets, so just the category hasn't been developed yet. And so we're in the process of changing that. So we've got dedicated resources in numerous markets around the world to launch Depend and Poise and other brands that relate to those and make sure we get that innovation out as quickly as we can.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. As we're talking about it, a lot of times women talk about the first conversation that moms have with their daughters as they're entering puberty. And this is the second conversation as women enter menopause and no one has this conversation with them, and yet women all over the world suffer from all kinds of menopausal symptoms. And so this is a line of products that would help deal with that. It could be a cooling wipe, it could be vaginal moisturizers, things like that, that would be sold in that part of the store. We've actually launched it in other markets around the world, and it's been a nice add to the Poise brand and helped fuel our overall Poise brand growth in those markets. And it's really aimed at having that second conversation with our consumer, so that they know that there's a brand out there that's taking care of them.
Thomas J. Falk: No, I wouldn't say so. I mean, it was pretty consistent from a top line standpoint throughout the quarter. No big swings anywhere that I would point to.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that we would say, we always want to make sure we're competitive and we -- but we also would say we've got strong innovation plans of our own that we want to make sure we're going to execute against. So you could argue it's their response in response to our Huggies mainline improvement that launched in the second quarter, and so there's lots of things going on back and forth. They're in the middle of radiant launch on fem care. We've got improved U by Kotex products out there, and I'd say when both major brands are innovating, that's good for the consumer, right, and that makes it tougher for private label.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think the exciting part is that we're getting scale in KCI in lots of markets, and that's just building a franchise for us there that we think will continue to grow for the future. And I think if you talk to our KCI leaders, in many ways, they feel like we're just getting started. I mean, we're still in growth mode in China. We're still in an aggressive growth mode in Russia and Eastern Europe. And I was in Moscow about a month ago, and that team is excited and they're going into all kinds of new geography in Eastern Europe and are really just building businesses from the ground up. And so I do still think there's a lot of room to run in our overall KCI size and scale of that business.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, if you looked at Europe in particular, that one's going to be probably more of a stable cash generator for us. I think in North America, we still have pockets of North America that have got decent growth. If you looked at fem care and adult care, those categories are growing nicely and we're seeing good responsiveness, and there are pockets of growth in our Consumer Tissue business. Some of the things that we're doing behind facial tissue as well as moist perineal cleaning and bath tissue, those are growth pockets for us. We've got a good portfolio of growth options in KCP in Health Care that will help in the U.S. market. So we still think there are pockets of growth that we can improve our profitability in North America overtime as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're pleased with our execution in the first half. We're off to a great start, and our Global Business Plan is delivering the kind of shareholder value that we'd expected. Thanks for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I would say, Chris, that the teams are, as our rate of innovation has picked up, obviously, that throws a curve at the supply chain that teams are getting much better at planning for inventories, executing the launch and pushing inventories down. So now this has become more a normal cycle in our business op, but we're right on track to meet or potentially exceed our cash conversion cycle goal for the year.
Mark A. Buthman: We're at close to -- we're not at the best all-time, but we're under 13% of sales and we think we can continue to improve off of that. Our cash conversion cycle is about 46 days. I'd love to see us closer to 42 and improving beyond that, but we're not planning on significant increments of working capital investment. As our mix of business shifts overseas supply chains get a little longer, but hopefully benefits from lean and better planning activities can offset that. So significant increases is not part of the plan. In fact, we'd like to continue to drive -- we expect to continue to drive improvement.
Mark A. Buthman: I think, Bill, if you just look at the macro landscape since '09, those geographies have been much slower growing. And particularly in the Diaper categories if you look at birth rates, you see it directly reflect and impact kind of our largest profit contributors. So there is a macro overlay here, but we're doing -- within that, doing all that we can to drive both category growth and profitably.
Caroline S. Levy: I'm just mentioning this in the context of people being very worried about a slowdown in China and a lack of ability for moms to buy diapers, so I just wondered what your huge volume growth, if you think it's share or you think the category really is expanding despite fears.
Caroline S. Levy: Yes, that's great. The second thing is can you -- I don't think you did this. Just give us a sense of how much currency, how much worse currency might be in the back half and for the full year.
Caroline S. Levy: That's great. And then 2 last question is, major launches for the third quarter, you did strive [ph] a couple of ideas you're supporting, and some companies have reported softness in the kind of grocery channel, the more traditional distribution channel and I'm wondering if you're seeing that, like there are certain areas of retail that are particularly weak and others that are strong.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Okay, great. And then on the new private label contracts in Europe, I just want to check, you'd mentioned that last quarter as well, so I was wondering if there were new additional contracts this quarter or if this is just a continued benefit of the wins from Q1.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Okay. And then on SG&A, so outside of the increase in strategic marketing and R&D, like, I'd estimate maybe year-to-date, other SG&A is up probably $100 million. And so I know, of course, there's a piece of that, that rises with sales, but that also suggests maybe some increase in other sort of admin and selling. So if you could -- if you're willing to talk a little bit about where some of those extra dollars are going, that'd be great.
Lauren R. Lieberman: Okay, perfect. And I guess one other thing would just you mentioned Poise going into sort of the female wellness. Admittedly, it was like if there was a release, I missed it. So if you wouldn't mind just quickly elaborating on what that really means. It sounds like it's a new category almost.
