Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's year-end earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer and Maria Henry, our CFO. This morning Maria will discuss our 2018 results and 2019 outlook. Mike will then talk about our medium term strategic priorities and financial objectives. Our remarks will be a little longer than normal this morning, but we'll finish as usual with Q&A. And we would ask each analyst to limit their questions to just a few, so we can get to everyone efficiently. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we'll be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Paul Alexander: No, I think that that's about right Maria. I think we're hopeful overall, but the headwinds are less significant in the second half, but we'll give you an update as we do every quarter.
Paul Alexander: Alright, great. We appreciate all the questions today and we'll wrap up with a couple of closing thoughts from Mike.
Michael Hsu: Hey, Dara. Thanks for the question. I'll start with the first part, I would say, the overall game plan is, we do want to increase our overall investment behind brands, like to drive our advertising up, drive our in-market execution, investments up and also our digital marketing. But I do think that's why we've executed our restructuring. So, but the underlying premise of that restructuring is to create the room and the investment funds that we need to drive our business. Maybe from my perspective the bigger kind of notion of what needs to be different in terms of our going forward, one, I think you get the message, which is a big focus on the consumer and I think we have that opportunity to kind of raise our game in terms of how we approach the consumer and how we serve them. I think what we're trying to accomplish here is maybe emulating what we've done on cost transformation, which is we've been very systematic and put in a really robust management system to drive cost transformation and we're trying to bring the same approach to driving what we're calling commercial discipline, which is how we manage our innovation resources, our sales and marketing resources to drive growth And then on the cost savings question, Maria, do you want to take that one.
Michael Hsu: Dara, let me just tag on here. I would tell you, although, 2019 we plan to make solid progress, and I think you can see that and kind of the results that we're planning for, we're improving the organic growth and the overall shape of our P&L and so one of the things that we're encouraged about in our Q4 was that we saw the net selling price improvement that gives us confidence about our plans for 2019. We're also making a pretty significant improvement on our key growth prospects in 1% to 4% growth and that's 70 basis points margin expansion, so we're feeling better about that. Obviously, we're not delighted about EPS growth, but we do have those - the currency and tax drags.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Wendy thanks for that question. You know, one, you can tell, you know, we're very bullish on D&E, and I think that is the future - Why that is? I think what specifically your question there. You know, certainly, we're seeing pressure, competitive pressure in China and everybody is aware of that. And so - but our team's doing a great job, they're building a business to a win for the long haul. And that's on a market that the consumers still want to see premiumize, where they're still buying better performing products. And so we do need to work on a profit pool. We do need to continue to focus on our margins in China. Brazil, I think we are seeing improvement. For the quarter, we are up mid-teens, healthy growth in price, healthy growth in volume as well. And I think our team is doing a great job there. And what's really driving that is, they're being very disciplined on price management, cost management. But also a key component of the strategy going forward, this commercial discipline that I'm talking about is the sales execution is driving a big piece of our growth, because our pricing is actually up low double-digits in Brazil this year. And the volume is actually up and that's because of the execution. If I can - if I could just -
Michael Hsu: Yeah. And maybe just back to your original point, which is the options and I think - if I could just say my perspective is informed by kind of almost 30 years in and around this industry and having seen a lot of companies and worked in other companies that do it different ways. I'm really excited about opportunities going forward for a couple of different reasons, you know, first and foremost, the whitespace opportunity you just highlighted in D&E. I mean it's real for us, right? If I say, hey, it's going be 10 billion over this period or 50 billion, both numbers were probably right. There's a lot of growth inherent in our categories because of the low levels of development. So that's one big thing that I see, that's different that I've seen in other companies. The second thing is still even in developed markets in our categories, I really believe there's a lot of opportunities to expand our categories through what I call elevation which is what I mean by that as value added premiumization, right? And the fact that I think we can solve bigger problems or meet certain bigger unmet needs for our consumers in different ways and expand kind of the value that's available in the category and premiumize the category. So that's the second piece. And then I think we are in the third area this digital opportunity. We're approaching the Holy Grail territory of everything a marketer dreamed of. And it creates much more value in our categories because consumers use our products every day, they spend a lot of money on them and they're in these categories for a long, long-time. And so we're really moving fast on getting closer to our consumers and jumping on the digital train.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Yeah. Ali, I guess saw the rebase term I don't know if my team would feel that way and that - it's a rebase. I do think we're working hard even on our 2019 numbers I think to make the progress we're making both on the organic and the operating profit side. But I will say, these are mid-term targets and we're saying, hey, over the next four years or so and they really reflect what we're seeing in the marketplace and our expectation of market conditions. I definitely believe that our - we've got long - way to long-term growth potential in our categories and definitely believe also that as leaders we play a significant role in driving the category to realize that and that's what the strategies we're talking about in K-C 2022 are all about. However, given some of the uncertainty we're seeing this environment, I don't think it's prudent to go out longer than that four years at this point. So that's kind of why we're steering this direction here.
Michael Hsu: But the - maybe the first part is operating margin improvement, one, obviously, our FORCE program. And maybe a soft year '19, I think people understand because of the commodity, in fact, notwithstanding, we do have plans to continue to raise our game on FORCE and our overall cost savings approach. And then importantly, I think the strategy that we're talking about here K-C 2022, we do intend to premiumize our business and that will drive margin and mix. And then the other thing that you and I have talked about in the past is net revenue management is being much more important part of our strategy going forward. So we're expecting to see a step forward this year with getting list prices but we're also have opportunities to be a little more strategic on price to drive the trial we want or the trade up we want or the mix that we want. And then we have a big opportunity, I would liken it to a FORCE cost savings opportunity in terms of how we think about our trade spending and how we get much more efficient in it. And then maybe the analogy I'll give you is, we've made a lot of improvement in OEE over the years and I think we have that similar opportunity in trade.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Ali, I think that's a great question. I think maybe what we are seeing that in some pockets and maybe in some of the smaller retailers, but in our plan right now we are planning to grow distribution overall. And so that's a focus for us. And you probably know as well as anybody else is that distribution tends to be one of the largest drivers of share, so that's a big focus area for us, not just in the U.S. but globally
Michael Hsu: Yeah, for sure Bonnie and I think and embedded in that is not just list pricing but as I mentioned earlier when I was talking with Ali was net revenue management for us which includes list price, I would call strategic price pack architecture, right. And also the third bucket is trade spend efficiency.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Great observation and one I would say is yes, you can see in our behavior which is faced with the big inflation we're seeing particularly in North America, we're making the right choices I think to the drive the business in the direction we need to make. And if you recall maybe two years ago, 18 months ago, we were dialing up promotion because of some of the competition. I don't know that I would - write the businesses or the categories being more rationale, but I do think the market is focused on right now or at least has a similar focus as us, which is recovering some of the cost inflation and making sure that our margins are protected. That said, and so specifically if you look hard at North American family care, I mean, pricing overall organic was up 2, price was up 6 and then we had a little bit of volume about of about 4 points and that was planned. And we said I think in the prior call that we're going be down back our promotion activity in the fourth quarter. I will tell you that just as a heads up, we don't give quarterly guidance on organic, but I will tell you there probably is going be some lumpiness in terms of our organic or our price realization, because we got higher price realization in the fourth quarter in North America because of that promotion pullback. And if you'll think about take a look at Q1 in family care, I think we had a 9% volume growth last year in family care because of additional promotion activity, which we'll be scaling back this year.
Michael Hsu: One additional and I'll say Bonnie is that underlying it especially in bath and towels in North America, the underlying base trends are very healthy and head in the right direction behind some of the inflation we're going.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, just a comment on the fourth quarter Jason, I work closely with that team in North America family care for a long time and they're a great team. And the trick of that business is, and I said it's like driving an 18 wheeler that needs a turn like a Ferrari, right? So it's a big business and I think what happened is that we got a little out of sync in terms of where our inventory was and where it needed to be for customers and that added some additional cost, and then we had some equipment issues. So I think I'm confident that team is going to get it back and may take a quarter or two to kind of get back on that right path. But we'll address the operational issues. We've always said overall on tissue, we want these margins we expect to be in the mid to high teens. We're still kind of on the Harris edge [ph] of that - that number right now, but I think we will make progress because, one, we will get back some of these operational issues. The team is very focused on price realization. And, again, the strategy is to elevate these categories and that kind of means premiumize through value added innovation and that's where our focus is
Michael Hsu: Okay. Yeah, thanks. Thanks Steve. Yeah, let me just go back to your first one on the pricing. We are feeling good about our price plans and I think the Q4 was an indicator that kind of we're on the right track right now and we have pretty significant plans throughout 19', most of them have been announced and worked through with customers and so that's one part. Second is, generally I would say the market is responding in a similar fashion not everybody yet, but we're seeing the market move broadly. So I think we do have confidence in terms of the pricing. The second part China, one is, I guess I'll highlight, performance overall for the quarter and it was - I think we mentioned it, similar Q3. You're right, it continues to be a very, very competitive market and we're not satisfied with our performance, but the team is building for the long-term. And really I will tell you that the area where we're losing run a little bit is in the lower tiers our tier 3. You know where we are actually growing is on our tier 5 and tier 6, where we have launched really, really good and important innovation that really focuses on premiumization of the category and I think we're having good consumer response to it. It's growing, the tier 5 year, tier 4 - 6 share. Although, I would tell you that the response is probably a bit muted because of all the price activity that's in the marketplace, but we feel great about that. And the plan for this year is, we are rolling that technology out more broadly across our line and across various channels throughout China and so that's our focus. And really the strategy is, it's a market that really want to premiumize, consumers are trading up and the reason we're seeing price competition is I believe it's more driven by the manufacturers pulling the price down and so we're still seeing the consumer movement in that direction and that's our focus.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, Olivia, I'll remind you, we don't give guidance at the segment level, but you can imagine given the overall company targets that we've talked about all three segments have margin improvement from center for further objectives for next year.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Lauren, great question. One, I will tell you just to be clear, we're just standing up initiatives in all these areas now, however, the basis of why we have defined these as critical ones for us, I mean I think you get the consumer opportunity and why we need to do it. I think the reason why we stand them up this way is because we've made progress in different areas and you know historically we have been a bit more decentralized as an operating model and that served us well is enable us to be very nimble, but what happens is when you do that as you end up developing pockets of excellence. And so what I will tell you, in North America we're a little ahead I think on the revenue management side. We've six sigma like tools that we've been developing over the past year or so on trade efficiency, on price pack and we've got some other tools that we're developing in other markets, but I think the big opportunity for us is to standardize and roll them out more consistently across markets, so that's one big area. I think the other - in a similar way is this digital and we've got really, really good pockets of excellence and that's in the markets that you really want them in which is the big e-commerce markets like China, South Korea and the US. And just to give you an example, I think our China team - I think we've multiplied our marketing ROIs, we've gone to a fully digital spend in feminine care and mostly digital spend in baby care in China. The ROIs are a multiple of what our traditional ROIs are. One of the key drivers of that is that we've got what I think Paul would say dynamic content creation, which means we are putting out new content every day. And the China team I was with earlier last year and they were saying, well back in the old days in e-commerce the saying was you had to be 996 which meant you work 9 am to 9 pm, six days a week. And they said well, now it's the 007 right, midnight to midnight, 7 days a week and they said that's never been more exciting and I think –and that's because they're really seeing value in what they're doing and that's driving the business. We're doing similar things in the US and I was talking to one of our e-commerce managers the other day and they're running through AI generated content creation a 100 and some odd campaigns a day, right. It's very, very specifically targeted against very specific segments. So I think we're really moving, moving really fast and we're excited about that, but I think the opportunity and through this process-process to level up around the world and bring all those capabilities to the same level.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, definitely a true statement Lauren, which is - especially if you're talking about list price changes, right, a lot of that depends on the retail environment and what competition is doing and we recognize that. I do think in terms of pack - price pack architecture or thinking about how we set pricing, we rather call waterfall pricing more effectively I think is a little bit more within our control and certainly well, trade spending there's competitive constraints there as well, but the thing about it is, it's like lean six sigma. There's a huge range of variation in how we spend our funds event-to-event and there's a big opportunity for us to get better. And it's just like running any asset in a mill perhaps even more complex because the reason why there continues to be opportunity and companies - I have been working on trade efficiency for 20 years now and I've done it in a lot of places and the reason why the opportunity continues to exist is it always will exist because our business is really spread out meaning anytime you're spending billions of dollars through tens of thousands of people who sell to hundreds of thousands of people it's complex and because of that complexity things are not optimal - tough to optimize in that complexity. And so we're talking about here is taking the next step and bringing systems and process and metrics and measures to drive more efficiency here.
Michael Hsu: Yeah Andrew, so I'll start with the pricing one and maybe Maria will come back on the FORCE. Yeah, I think the pricing in North America I think your questions relates to family cares is on track and I think the plans that we have are largely in place right now. Again, some of the impact that you saw in fourth quarter was related to desheeting we've done in bath tissue maybe in the, I think in the middle of 2018 and also from - a little inflated because of merchandising pullback. I'll remind you, most of our list price changes are going in the first quarter or right now by through the end of the first quarter of this year. So that still will come through and right now we have positive vacations [ph] and most customers are aware and where our plans are working there.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, thanks Nick. One, I'll say hey, overall I like our portfolio on three business segments that we operate in. They're large, essential and profitable categories and as we said in the past, we believe there's very strong synergies in how we buy, make, sell and ship and so better together. That said, we will pursue opportunities to improve our portfolio and right now rather than maybe new categories, maybe the focus for me would be in opportunities that might enhance or leverage our geographic scale in a market, a new technology capability or a new commercial capability that's going to accelerate us either in revenue management perhaps or this digital world that we're talking about and then up - and then last it might be to reduce exposure to unattractive markets that were markets that we might be attractive right or perhaps volatility to them, so that's kind of how we're thinking about it right now.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, maybe and maybe the important thing I think about the fourth quarter Kevin is, one is I think broadly speaking across most markets with one or two notable exceptions, I think the businesses is improving and getting healthier and importantly the consumer has proven to be very, very resilient. So in North America organic was up 3 in the quarter, you can see that, but personal care up mid single digits and our infant child care business low double digit - mid single digits as well and for child care being up the double digits. We got double digit growth broadly across D&E markets, Brazil, CEE, ASEAN, India were all up double digits and up in share in most of those markets. So I think we are seeing broad improvement and I think that gives us some confidence in our 2019 outlook.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, let me start maybe with the first part. I think on Pull-Ups, it's the fundamentals which is age with one [ph]. We're back on our big kid messaging which has worked for us over a long time and we tend to get I think more with - tired of it before the consumer gets tired of it and I think the focus there needs to be about bringing consumers into the category and showing them the benefits of what a training pant can do. So big focus on the big kid messaging and then also innovation and obviously innovation matters this category, we feel like we have our best ever Pull-Ups, obviously every year we should have our best ever Pull-Ups and we feel great about the product right now and that's what's driving the double digit growth in pants - in Pull-Ups and also GoodNites, which is even growing faster than Pull-Ups. So we feel great about that. I think - and then if you light it back or compare it to diapers, again elevate the category is the strategy and that's why it's an important strategy, which is what our opportunity to do is bring that same level of innovation and value added innovation to premiumize the diaper category and we're doing that in 2019. Too early for me to share with you the specifics, but we feel good about some of the news we have coming into the market place.
Michael Hsu: Drug, yeah, I would say there is a little softness there and we're kind of working through that. We have great relationships with our drug customers and very, very good and I just saw some good news this past week on some of the things we're doing there. But again I think - overall I think you continue to have the challenges across channels in the US that you guys would expect, large format, small format, e-commerce and we're working through that.
Michael Hsu: Yeah, thank you for turning in and your support of Kimberly-Clark. We're going to make solid progress in 2019 and we're going to accelerate our growth while maintaining our strong financial discipline as we develop our K-C Strategy 2022. So thank you very much.
Maria Henry: Yeah, the cost savings, there was no new news there. It's the continuation of the restructuring program that we have announced and are executing and also that continued execution on our FORCE cost savings program.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll take advertising first and then I'll kind of walk you through our commodities outlook. The advertising spend in the fourth quarter of '18 was higher than it was last year fourth quarter, but last year fourth quarter was low. So it was in line with our expectations and the year-over-year really has more to do with the trend that we saw last year. For the full year is relatively flat. Looking at next year, we do intend to fully support our brands and also the innovations that we put out into the market. So we'll see how the numbers shake out, but we will continue to be supportive there. Probably, I don't know if we're giving a specific number for advertising, but it continues to be a core focus of the strategy that Mike outlined. In terms of the commodities outlook that we have, I'll just comment for the fourth quarter you saw that that was one of the drivers that we mentioned on some pressure on the gross margin where commodities were up, fiber in general was flat to up sequentially in the fourth quarter for us, which put some pressure on gross margins. But if I look forward to 2019, I'll pick through a couple of the key commodities: on eucalyptus, we're expecting that to be down mid to high single digit; secondary fiber we're expecting to be up mid-teens; on the other key input costs, we're expecting polypropylene will be down mid-single digits and we're expecting super absorbent will be similar to what we saw in 2018. On crude oil, we're expecting it to be in the 50s, but it'll be down from $66 a barrel this year. But the correlation between crude oil and polypropylene and super absorbent has not proven to be strong in the last couple of years, which is why we see some differences there. In terms of some of our other fiber types, we're expecting those to be up in 2019 also. So 2019 commodities we expect to still be inflationary but not nearly as much as what we saw in 2018.
Maria Henry: Yeah. And then I - we'd like to see the gross margin go a little bit ahead so that we also have some more room for investment in the key areas that keep the flywheel going on the top line growth. And so that kind of algorithm makes sense to us. On ROIC, the big driver there for the next couple of years, Ali, is the investment in the restructuring program. We talked about the fact that we're expecting between $600 million and $700 million of incremental CapEx as we execute that program. And in 2018, we did a great job on the restructuring, a lot of what you saw was on the SG&A side of the house. So 80% of the savings this year were really coming from there and we're kind of getting going in earnest on the supply chain part of that program as we're moving into 2019. So the incremental CapEx will be there on the asset base. From the restructuring, we'll also affect our ability to drive working capital improvements. So while we've got programs to improve working capital in both the areas of inventory and payable. As you can imagine as we're standing up new assets or taking out assets that are currently existing, we expect that we'll have inventory builds around that to make sure that we can deliver on customer expectations without service interruption, while we're moving assets around. So there'll be pressure on both of those things, which is why there's a more muted outlook on ROIC. And at 26.5, if you benchmark us, we're at clearly in a top-tier level and as Mike said in his comments, we aren't going to hesitate to invest in value creating opportunities that come our way even if they're dilutive.
Maria Henry: Yeah, we do provide the specific details of each, but I can tell you that we generated significant value from what we call negotiated material savings, which is the value that we get from basically buying better than the market to use your words. And as I look forward to 2019, that is the portion of the FORCE cost savings that will be lower than it has been in the couple - in the last couple of years. As our contracts reset, we still have value from those contracts, which is positive but the value of the contracts compared to what we had in 2018 is lower. And so that's what's affecting the FORCE number. The other components of our FORCE program all have healthy levels of activities and savings associated with those for 2019.
Maria Henry: It's - spot prices move lower. What I would tell you is that a portion of our buy we have short term contracts, which help provide stability in our forecast, but we don't have coverage on 100% of our buy. So it will show up in the numbers. It won't necessarily have a big impact on the FORCE cost savings number.
Maria Henry: Yeah, I'll comment and then Mike feel free to chime in. I'll comment on the tissue margins in the fourth quarter just to emphasize the point from the remarks that not only did we see inflation and I kind of talked about which of the commodities we saw inflation in the fourth quarter, but the execution challenges that we had in the fourth quarter, which led to lower FORCE cost savings. One of the biggest areas that was affected by that was North America tissue and there what happened is the mix of the orders that came in at a brand pack level was different than what we expected. And so we didn't necessarily have the right products in the right places to get an efficient distribution to meet the customer demands that we had higher logistics costs as we had a lot of inter milling shipments in the Consumer Tissue business and we also lost the opportunity on the productivity side on manufacturing as we are running product on some assets that aren't optimized for necessarily for those products. So the Consumer Tissue business particularly in North America had some additional expenses in the fourth quarter and that really weighted down on the margins. Mike, you want to talk about longer-term how we see tissue.
Maria Henry: Yeah I think the - and if you just think the puts and takes on the out - the outlook for next year we've got currency up as a headwind, we have input cost inflation, we're expecting to get strong pricing against the two of those, so if you look at the full year 2018 for the combination of currency commodity price that was a mid 20's drag on operating profit. With the pricing that we're putting in place for next year, we'd expect that to be - have very strong coverage. So maybe the combination of that looks more like more singles on operating profit and then we have the benefit of the restructuring saving coming into the P&L. We've got the FORCE cost savings coming into the P&L and when you kind of put all that together that's how we get to our change in operating profit.
Maria Henry: Okay the - so a couple of things in there on - first on the delta, as you can picture kind of how this works. If you think about where we were coming into 2018 and where everyone thought commodities would go that was the negotiating environment as we entered into 2018 and then you fast forward to as they have contracts come up at the end of the year and we're negotiating as we go into 2019, we're in a very different environment. So the 2018 contracts that we had negotiated had significant value to us given how much commodities rose and the steepness of the curve. When you look at where we are going into 19', when we clearly pretend to be able to call the market, the intuition would say that we've got to be at a pretty high point in terms of commodity prices and so it's a different environment as they've contracts reset. So the value of the contract is lower for us in 19' than it was in 18'. We're not going to provide specific amounts, but that affects that negotiated material price portion of our FORCE cost savings which is why 2019 will be lower than what it's been in the last couple of couple of years. For what we saw in 2018 in the fourth quarter with FORCE being lower it was not on negotiated material prices, it was more on the operating components of FORCE and in particular it was on the area of productivity and the area of logistics. So with all of the intermingling shipments I talked about in the North America tissue business that's what drove the lower real life savings in the fourth quarter.
Maria Henry: We are not, we are on it. I'll take a controllable issue over an uncontrollable issue any day and the issues that we had in the fourth quarter are controllable issues. So we are very confident in our supply chain capabilities and in our opportunities. The teams are on the challenges that we saw, they're working through them. We will we will get those resolved, they won't necessarily get resolved immediately or within the first quarter, but they absolutely will get resolved.
Maria Henry: Yeah and I comment more into - I just put some context that when we were contemplating our restructuring program back in 2017 and looking at ways to create value in our business, we had two things that we saw. We saw the opportunity to structurally lower the cost of our business, but importantly the need to do that so that we would have the investment room to invest in capabilities to unlock the opportunities that we saw for growth. So as we put that restructuring program together, we had both of those things in mind. You didn't necessarily see everything play out that way in 2018 given that we had the unexpected run on commodities and also currencies going against us, which put some pressure on the numbers, but moving forward especially as Mike's coming in and outlining the detailed strategies. The point of that restructuring program was to shift costs from less useful places and put it to more useful places and a big part of that was around finding the capabilities that we need to unlock the opportunities that we have.
Maria Henry: Yeah and on the FORCE target, we did not change the $1.5 billion target that we have. We're still working against that target. In terms of where the savings come from, we would expect that - the savings come from all of the four categories that make up our FORCE program. Negotiate a material price beyond next year should continue to be a factor for us, the productivity in our manufacturing operations as we continue to drive out waste the way that we engineer our product to cost optimize them and then overall costs across the supply chain system including logistics are all areas where we see opportunities. And it's a reminder we've got a global supply chain organization that has been running a very comprehensive program now for a couple of years that we built up our capabilities and we continue to see opportunities there that we believe we've got the capabilities to deliver upon in the next few years.
Maria Henry: Sure. On the tax rate the tax guidance that we gave for next year is not only for next year, but it's kind of what we see is our tax rate in the environment as it is. What I would call out is that in 2018 we had some favorability on the tax rate from some settlements and from some tax planning opportunities that we had just as the US tax reform all settled out but we accrued some benefits better than what we were expecting in 2018. To get to our tax rate if you think about at a normal level of 23% to 26, about two thirds of our statutory incomes in the US and there we've got the 21% rate. Outside of the US combined, our tax rate is in the upper 20's and then we've got a couple of points coming from state taxes and if you run all that math you'd get a normalized tax rate in the guidance range that we provided. In terms of the fourth quarter from our expectations, I'll make a on a couple of comments and Mike chime in. First is our expectation, the challenge that we had was on the gross margin level and we've certainly talked about the issues related to the execution in the FORCE number, but also I'd comment that commodity inflation was strong in the fourth quarter and up sequentially. So there was additional pressure on commodities versus what we were expecting in the fourth quarter.
Maria Henry: Sure. A couple comments, when I was talking earlier about what we're expecting on 2019 inflation I didn't mention distribution and distribution will be inflationary next year to the tune of double digits. I think North America carrier rates are expected to be up around 10% and in the spot market will be even much higher than that as we as we go into 2019. And then in terms of how things flow, I think we indicated that we're expecting stronger performance in the second half versus the first half as a number of factors play out. One, would be and expectation on commodity inflation, but even more so on - at the phasing of our pricing coming into the market and therefore into our P&L. There's a couple of areas on commodities where in the in the last month or so we've seen indications that some of the pressure will come off as the demand in China softens and there's some indication potentially of some inventory over there as well that as things work through in the first quarter we would expect some relief in a couple of areas versus where we were in the back half of the of the fourth quarter particularly in the area of fiber. Paul, if you have to say anything else just in terms of the phasing on commodities for next year.
Maria Henry: What I'd say is we're expecting margin improvement in the 2019 plan and if you think about the pieces that I described particularly on pricing and secondarily on commodities that you would expect strength as that pricing comes into the market because given the 20% impact on margins that we're expecting on OPs from currency and commodity, the offset to that is price. So the margin improvement will be clearly affected by the timing of that pricing coming into the market.
