Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller.  Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our second quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspective on our results and discuss our full year 2011 outlook, and we'll finish with Q&A.  As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Now before we begin, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website.  Now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: Yes. Ali, our total price was up 4% in K-C International, and we also had a point of mix as well. So we've been doing a good job getting revenue both in Personal Care, primarily in Latin America and then in Consumer Tissue really in all regions of the world.
Paul Alexander: But from a translation standpoint, Bill, currency benefited the top line by about 5%, the same would be true on operating profit.
Paul Alexander: Michael, this is Paul. So from year-to-date basis, those unallocated costs are very similar to year-ago levels. So we're tracking in line with what Tom suggested.
Thomas Falk: On the pricing front, I would say it's progressing about as we would normally expect, and so I think most retailers want to make sure they're not going to be disadvantaged. But I think they also see pricing going up in lots of categories across the store. And so ours are no different as we feel the pressure of commodity cost. So you're starting to see retails go up and hopefully, we'll be able to sustain that through the second half. On the Health Care volume front, we did have really easy comps. And you may recall last year about this time, we had actually some distributors returning products that were bought in prior periods for the H1N1 crisis. So we would guess probably about half of the 10-point volume increase was related to the easy comp, and then the more normal underlying growth rate is more in the mid single digits which is what we'd expect going forward.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we typically look at the 3 industry forecasters and average those. If you look at where we were at $970 in the first quarter. We were at $1,030 for the second quarter. So for the first 6 months, we're averaging about $1,000 a ton. Our guidance for the full year is $1,000 to $1,020 and that would say that there's the risk of there'll be some pickup in the back half which is what the forecasters are saying. There may be a little bit of upside on that. We'll have to see.
Thomas Falk: Not yet, in fact, one encouraging sign was that private label shares were really down across the board in virtually every category, both sequentially and year-over-year. So I think behind the innovation that we're driving and others are driving in the marketplace, the categories are looking a little healthier. We would like to see a little quicker uptick in the birthrate, which that's probably the other sign of economic confidence that's been weak for longer than we would have guessed. But we're starting to see some early signs that, that maybe improving although the category will still be down more than we would have expected for the year.
Thomas Falk: No. I think our shares were down half a point or something sequentially. But the Kotex shares hang in there at about 5. And so I would say at this point, we're not seeing anything major from a competitive front that's happening in the marketplace and we've got good product improvements yet coming this year so expect to hear more from that space.
Thomas Falk: What's actually happening is that -- and this is probably a more complicated explanation than maybe you're looking for -- is because of the relative price of oil versus natural gas, a lot of the refineries are using natural gas more on their steam crackers. And as a result, they're producing lots of the polymer byproducts that go into many of the things that we use like polypropylene or adhesives or packaging materials. And so there's still some relative shortages of the monomers that go into our supply chain. And so you're seeing still pretty firm pricing for polymers and adhesives and super-absorbents and things like that.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, I'd say our shares have been bouncing around between 36 or 37, and we're more on the 36 side of that this quarter. So it's down about a point or so, but last year was kind of a high watermark. So it's a little tougher comp. We've got a lot of innovation coming in the second half with this Huggies slip-on diapers as well as some product improvements to our mainline, so I think innovation typically drives share in this category, and we'd expect to see some uptick due to the innovation that we've got coming.
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, the pricing is going to really didn't have that much impact on share. We thought prices are going to go up in July. It's looking more like it's going to be October at this point.
Thomas Falk: For the competitive activity shook out and one key packing in the category, which has typically been our merchandise and cardboard boxes. The industry is shifting to polybags. And it takes a little longer to convert the assets for that new format.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I'd say more of the pulp hit tissue last year, and Personal Care is really being hit by all of the secondary materials costs, so polymer adhesives, packaging, superabsorbent are all up double digits this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I guess, I would say, it probably makes our sensitivity to pulp price slightly worse. We were about 10% integrated with these 2 pulp facilities. On the other hand, they're relatively high-cost pulp mills, so they didn't provide an enormous economic hedge benefit. They did provide some volatility benefit. And so we'll be slightly more exposed to the swings in pulp price without these mills.
Thomas Falk: I mean, I think Scott tissue had a good quarter. But so did COTTONELLE, I mean, we picked up share overall in bath tissue. And so yes, there's nothing major that I'd say. We got more innovation coming on Kleenex in the back half, and second quarter is typically a weak facial tissue quarter because you don't have as much of the cold and flu or back-to-school impact. So that probably also affects it a little bit.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I'll let Mark comment on the inventory. Curtailment was negligible. I think it was about $10-million hit. And if we look at days of inventory in our supply chain, it was maybe up under a day, first quarter, second quarter. But there's some opportunity in the back half. But, Mark, maybe you can comment on that if you got any other color on it.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, because I'd say we typically don't comment on rumors of M&A. I guess, I would say this is that -- our plan as we said to many investors doesn't call for big transformational M&A. And so I don't think any of the announcements related to Clorox change that point of view, and we would consider the Clorox to be a well-managed company. And so as we look at it, it's hard to see how you come in and do a whole lot better job of it.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. Javier, one of our key strategies for this year is to get up price whenever we can. And so we have been aggressive in many markets around the world. And looking at revenue realization, some cases are doing that through list price, some places through mix, some places through innovation. And so that's a key strategy for us this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of things there. We probably don't do a very good job of tracking SG&A savings in FORCE. Most of the FORCE savings tend to be cost-of-sales-oriented, and so that's probably part of it. The second part of it is that marketing spending was down versus prior year in the quarter which last year was the launch of you U by Kotex as well as Poise, and so marketing year-on-year was down probably $20 million to $25 million, but sequentially, was up $10 million. So we spent, in the second quarter, about the same level or a little bit higher than we did in the first quarter.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. No, that's a good question. It is back-end loaded. We've got an aggressive plan really principally around our growth procurement program. It's got substantial benefits yet to come, and there is a lot of programs underway that will be delivering value for us in the second half. We're also continuing to drive our lean manufacturing profits throughout our plants, and we'd expect to see additional savings from that. In addition, we have our usual material cost savings programs that will continue to deliver in the back half. So the plan is back-end loaded, but we got enough visibility that we're confident we'll be able to get this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I was just in Europe a couple of weeks ago, and that team is committed to delivering their plan for the year, and they've got actions in place to do just that. They've got lots of cost savings coming to help offset cost inflation. They also are planning on getting some pricing in some of their key categories. We probably had a softer start on diaper volume at the beginning of the year, but they've got a number of things underway to help turn that around in the second half. So I came away feeling encouraged that the European team, while our plan is back-end loaded, they've got plans in place to make sure they can deliver.
Thomas Falk: I think Europe's top line probably isn't going to change all that much, and I think you'll see much better bottom line as some of the cost savings come through.
Thomas Falk: There will be some implementation of the list price changes, but there's also a fair amount of promotion protection that will take place in the third quarter. So I would say we're probably not going to get a lot of price realization in our third quarter and more it will come in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Falk: No, I think it's a big idea around the world. If you want to look to the Japanese market, it's a significant amount of the category. We've launched it in Korea as well, and it's done very, very well. And so it's really another option for mom, diapering an active baby. So it gives her additional flexibility. And so we do think -- it's priced from a value standpoint. It's going to be very similar to a price for a training pant. We know we need to continue to drive value around our training pant business, but we do think it's going to be a good option for mom. And so research is customed very favorably. And we've been at this idea a number of different ways for a number of years. We launched the product -- I don't know -- it's probably 5 years ago now called Huggies Convertibles. And we were aimed at this and didn't quite get the execution right. We thought it was a big idea then, and we're going to go back out and we think we've got a much better execution this time.
Thomas Falk: The category is really soft because of the birth rate, but mom still wants the very best for her baby and part of what's happening in the training pant category is as we've seen category weakness for several years, it's -- finally, those children are migrating into training pants and that's having an impact on the category. But we believe we're going to exceed to bring innovation to the category even with the category is down to moms that are there who want the very best for their babies.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I guess, I'd say if you look at the various categories in the U.S., you'd see a mixed bag here as well. You'd see the diaper category is down. And so that's obviously been a drag across diapers and pants. But wipes is up. And so we continue to do very well there. And then if you looked at that Poised and depends those are on trend with aging and you're seeing still strong mid-single-digit category growth. And we've done even better than that over the last couple of quarters. Some care we've had consistent strong growth behind the smooth innovation launch. So we're seeing better results on that standpoint. So with Europe, you'd see more X currency negative organic growth which really is something that's not too surprising given what's going on in that marketplace. And then KCP, you're still seeing a relatively weak economic outlook, which hurts our washroom business, relatively better results in safety and wipers. And Health Care obviously in the quarter, we had an unusually large volume growth. We'd expect that to be more mid-single-digits going forward.
Thomas Falk: So we've gotten more price in emerging markets particularly in the last quarter. I don't know, Paul, if you've got the details of that.
Thomas Falk: I think if you look at from a diaper standpoint, we really try to do a better job of understanding how the consumer shops and are bringing price in a way that will cause less sticker shock than maybe we have in the past. So just doing it by account change across the big part of the category, we think we'll have a reduced elasticity impact versus a straight list price change.
Thomas Falk: I think the answer to an earlier question, marketing which should be advertising and promotion is down by $25 million year-on-year. It’s up about $10 million sequentially, and then the balance is SG&A.
Thomas Falk: Yes. I mean, I guess we'd say for the year, we'd expect gross margin to be down somewhat more than operating margin. We're saying operating margins is going to be down 50 to 70 basis points for the year. And so just given where we're at and what we have yet to go, I think will maybe close the gap a little bit in the back half, but we'll guess that we'll be down a little bit more in gross margin than we will in operating margin.
Thomas Falk: I think the big shift was deciding to take the big box to polybags. And so that was the discussion that happened among us and our principal customers in terms of how we wanted to present the category to the shopper. I assume that our primary competitor was also having some discussions with their primary customers. And so primary customers were pushing hard to take the category to polybags which makes more sense. We've been talking about doing that for a while, actually it's a much better environmental solution. And so we decided to go ahead, and make that change, which will actually give us some more economic benefit in 2012 because the cost of poly is less than the cost of the cardboard boxes that we're putting it in. So in discussions with key customers that a decision that was made in the last quarter.
Thomas Falk: I mean, it's just being disciplined about the things that we can control. And so I'll be going onto a call with our top 1,000 leaders after this to talk about how we need to do an even better job of controlling our controllables. So it's SG&A, it's travel, it's headcount, it's how do we use pure consultants and how do we use less contract labor? So we're really trying to manage all of those details very tightly to make sure that we control the things that we can control in a difficult economic environment.
Thomas Falk: Well, I mean, again, marketing was up about $10 million sequentially. And so last year, you had the launch of U by Kotex and some new Poise things that happened in the second quarter so that was probably the biggest quarter from a marketing spending standpoint we've had in a while. We've got more of our innovation coming in the back half. So with the Huggies Little Movers Slip-On diapers coming and some new Kleenex products and new Poise product is coming, we'll have a little bit heavier spend in the back half this year than we did last year.
Thomas Falk: Yes. Most of that is the restructuring charge for the tissue restructuring has really spiked up depreciation and so that's a good chunk of it.
Thomas Falk: I think that the timing of that is probably still hard to call at this point in time because of where we are in the various processes. We had some cash cost already in the second quarter, I think it was $15 million. And we may have more later this year but some of it could spill into 2012.
Thomas Falk: This year was unusual. I mean, we really roughly doubled what we would normally buyback. And so, we'll give you more specific guidance on 2012 in January, but if our strong cash flow continues, expect to see us put it to good use for our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Thomas Falk: Yes, absolutely. The Eastern Seaboard of China is where lots of the GDP is today and so for Huggies, for example, at the end of the year, we were in 50s or so cities. Today, we're probably in 65 cities, and so we're just continuing to expand our distribution base for our key products in China and expect that to continue for quite a while.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I mean, I think we've got everybody focused on controlling the things that they can control. So we're doing a good job, as Mark mentioned, in driving lean into our various processes. We're trying to manage our headcount tight. And where we need to deploy talent to build some new capability, we're trying to source that by efficiency in other areas. We're managing travel and consultancy costs tightly. And everybody is very conscious of -- particularly with the cost inflation that we got this year that we've got no excuses. We're going to control the things that we can control to try to deliver our objectives this year.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think that they had a real tough quarter in pushing some of the price increases through, and we'll see how that plays out. So far I'd say I'm encouraged about what we see happening in the U.S. And we've had pretty good success in a number of other International markets in taking price. And I think we're not alone relative to lots of other CPGs that are needing to get price with this kind of commodity cost environment.
Thomas Falk: No. I mean, really Luvs tends to line up more in private label. So we'll watch that space to see what happens. If private label goes up, I would expect you might see Luvs follow that.
Thomas Falk: We don't have good visibility of what they're up to, so what typically happens is there's a little bit of a lag generally, at least 90 days and sometimes a bit longer before private label lines up. But I'm sure they're under the same cost pressures that we are, and I expect to see some pricing action happen there over time.
Thomas Falk: We're just trying to keep them from going up. I don't think they're down double digits. You may be looking at an allocated segment cost or something.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would say broadly our goal is to try to grow SG&A at a slower rate than sales. And so certainly, in some of our businesses like Europe, you're seeing them not grow. But if you look back and looked at like '09, we had a large severance program, and that may have spiked that up in '09, and then we got the savings from it in 2010. So we got a lot of benefit if you look at, at that SG&A line between '09 and '10, but those were more kind of related to those unusual factors. And so I'd say going forward, it'd be better to model it at growing at a slower rate than our sales growth.
Thomas Falk: Let's say the price increase on diapers is about 7%, that's the biggest chunk of Personal Care segment. But there isn't any price in the marketplace at this point in time on feminine care and adult care. I think baby wipes price increase is about 5%. So you probably see a low to mid single-digit price impact just from the U.S. market in that segment. In tissue, the price increases are more mid-single digit. And so, and some of that is going to come through sheet count, some is coming through lift so you'll see kind of a mix there. But I guess you'd see probably a mid-single-digit pricing in tissue sequentially going forward.
Thomas Falk: Yes, you'll typically see a volume drag particularly from sheet count essentially reducing the household inventory for a period of time. You'll see a bit of a blip on diapers as well, although consumers tend to use about the same number of diapers per day. And so we've also got a lot innovation coming in the second half. And so if you look at the balance of those 2, it's a little tougher to call.
Thomas Falk: So once again, we continue to execute our Global Business Plan well in a very challenging environment. And we thank you for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Mark Buthman: The other thing, Alice, is that more of the pricing has already been taken in Consumer Tissue, and Personal Care pricing comes more later in the year.
Mark Buthman: Yes. Obviously, the other thing is the nature of the products that are produced at those mills are more value or private-label oriented, which tend to be lower margins. So there will be a slight mix improvement.
Mark Buthman: Yes. The improvement -- so inventory is right in line. We have a lot of innovation coming to the markets, so the businesses are wanted to make sure they can support product launches with the right levels of inventory. So we feel good overall about our management of inventory. The benefit in our working capital for the quarter was extension of payables. So it was the principal driver, which our global procurement organization is doing a great job of managing. So overall, we feel pretty good about working capital.
Mark Buthman: And, Jason, most of the pricing actions at the end of the day is tied to count reductions, only a minority portion of it is coming through list price changes.
Mark Buthman: John, you should see both gross and operating margin sequentially improved in the back half of the year consistent with our expectation for earnings to ramp up.
Mark Buthman: Then I think the other 2 drivers, as we drive lean, were more advanced in supply chain. But as we drive lean through the back office, we're finding opportunities to streamline the way that work gets done and get more work out of the talent that we have, provide better opportunities for them to have an impact on the business. And the other thing is mix. I think we're getting better and more sophisticated both at our research investments, our innovation investments and our marketing investments. So we're getting more bang for each dollar that we spend.
