Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Year End Earnings Conference Call. Here with me today are Tom Falk, our Chairman and CEO; Maria Henry, our CFO; and Mike Azbell, VP and Controller. Now here's the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of our results focusing on the full year and after that Tom will provide his perspectives on our results and our outlook for 2016 and we'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We will also be referring to adjusted results and outlook. Both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. The news release has further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn it over to Maria.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Wendy, for the quarter, so Eastern Europe first of all was up about 25% largely due to higher selling prices. This is in diapers. In China, organic sales were up more than 15%, all driven by volume. Volume was a little bit north of 20% in the fourth quarter. And then in Brazil Personal Care was up about 15%, diapers was about 10%, with both higher volumes and selling prices.
Paul Alexander: Lauren this is Paul. I would just build on that. Remember we said the charges would end in 2016, but as Maria has mentioned the savings is really through 2017.
Paul Alexander: It would be two-thirds of if you’re just looking at Eucalyptus versus Northern Softwood, then also consume some fluffed pulp and [indiscernible]. So overall I’d say Eucalyptus is still roughly half of our fiber mix.
Paul Alexander: And Jason, I would just add that remember as we talked about earlier these are lot of big moving pieces in our planning assumptions but think about all of them together, so if pulp does weaken more than we are expecting you could see some offsets in a bit higher promotion spending.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul. Good morning everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start off with the headlines for our 2015 results. Our organic sales grew 5%. That's at the high end of our 3% to 5% target. We achieve excellent cost savings and margin improvements, helping us deliver adjusted earnings per share towards the high end of our original guidance. And finally, we continue to improve our capital efficiency and return cash to shareholders. Now let's take a look at the details for our results and let's start with sales. Fourth quarter net sales were $4.5 billion, that's down 6% with an 11 points rise from currency rate. Full year net sales were $18.6 billion down 6% down 6% including a currency headwind of more than 10%. Organic sales growth was about 5% for both the fourth quarter and the full year. On profitability, fourth quarter adjusted growth margins were 36%. The full year was 35.9% up 160 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating margin were 17.2% in the fourth quarter. The full year margin was 17.3%, that's up 120 basis points compared to the prior year. I am encouraged that operating margins were up in all three business segments and across all three geographies, both America, developed markets and developing and emerging markets excluding the impact of the Venezuelan devaluation. Our teams delivered $365 million of FORCE cost savings in 2015. That was above our initial target of at least 300 million and just $5 million shy of our all time record. We expect another strong year in 2016 with a savings target of at least $350 million. In addition, our organizational restructuring is on track and it generated $65 million of savings in 2015. We expect additional savings of at least $50 million from this program in 2016. Commodities were $150 million benefit for the year mostly in oil based materials. That was at the high end of our original assumption for the year, but on the other hand currency declines severely impacted our earnings. For the year the all-in earnings drag was about 25%, well above our going into the year assumption for a drag of more than 15%. On the bottom line, fourth quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.42 bringing the full year to $5.76. That was up 5% compared to the results from continuing operations in 2014 and towards the high end of our original guidance range of $5.60 to $5.80 per share. Turning to cash flow and capital efficiency, cash provided by operations was $2.3 billion for the year versus $2.8 billion in 2014. A number of factors drove the lower cash amounts including our debt financed pension contributions, the Halyard spin-off and higher total working capital. I expect a significant improvement in cash generation in 2016. We reduced our primary working capital cash conversion cycle by eight days in 2015 as a result of extending payables terms. On adjusted return on invested capital we improved this metric 350 basis points including benefits from the spin-off at Halyard Health. On capital allocations, in 2015 we've returned $2.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. For 2016 we plan to repurchase between $600 million and $900 million of Kimberly-Clark's stock. We also expect to increase the dividend at a mid single digit rate that's generally consistent with the 5% growth in adjusted earnings per share that we delivered in 2015. Now let's look at the segments. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 7% continuing our long track record of delivering strong growth in this segment. Our Personal Care business grew 14% in developing and emerging markets. Operating margins were 20.5% in Personal Care, up 180 basis points. The improvement was enabled by organic sales growth, cost savings and lower input costs. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up more than 1% including volume growth of 6% in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 17.5%. That was up 150 basis points and includes benefits from another year of excellent cost savings performance. In K-C Professional, organic sales increased 4% overall with 6% growth in developing and emerging markets. The segment top line also included a 1.5 point benefit from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. So sales should be somewhat lower in 2016. K-C Professional operating margins were healthy at 18.3%, up 50 basis points year-on-year. To summarize, our fourth quarter results capped off a very good year overall as we achieved mid single digit growth in organic sales and adjusted earnings per share, we delivered strong cost savings and broad based margin improvements and we continued to improve ROIC and allocate capital in shareholder friendly way. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Maria Henry: Sure, the way that we think about it is we are very focused on maintaining our single A credit rating. So at any point in time, we're looking at whether our effected cash flows, our focus is on continuing to fund the dividend to spend CapEx at healthy levels given the significant opportunities that we have in our business for high ROI return types of projects and then we look at share buyback to balance out what we do with the remainder of both our cash flow and our remaining debt capacity under that single A credit rating metrics. So we'll see how that unfolds during the year. You know that we set our debt up in 2015 and entered the year at $7.8 billion, but as a reminder, a bit chunk of that came from the debt financed pension contributions that we made in 2015, but going forward we expect stronger cash flows in 2016 from operations. And so we'll balance those things out as we go through the year.
Maria Henry: Yes, our working capital use was a bit higher in 2015 than we would like. There were a number of factors that impacted that including the negative impact of currency on our derivative settlements and we also had a tax receivable that moved up into accounts receivable at the end of the year. I mean despite the use of cash we made really good progress on our per working capital metrics as I talked about in my prepared comments. So for 2016 working capital is clearly an opportunity for us and we'll be sure to get at that and as I said our cash from operations to be significantly higher in 2016 versus 2015.
Maria Henry: Yes we took a significant hit on the devaluation in the fourth quarter and then it will just depend what happens to the currency from here and how we have to re-measure the balance sheet moving forward.
Maria Henry: Yes, our overall restructuring program is firmly on track. We delivered savings of $65 million in 2015 and that brings the total to date to $70 million and our guidance for 2016 is another $50 million of savings putting our cumulative level within the target range of $120 million to $140 million for the full program and we still expect to realize some additional benefits in 2017. So we’re clearly on track in terms of the savings that we expect to realize for that program.
Maria Henry: Yes, there is a couple of things you mentioned FX that clearly has an impact on the reported expense levels. But our expenses are higher as we’re investing in capabilities and we also had some higher variable compensation expense in the fourth quarter and for the year given our strong performance. And when you look year-over-year I think it’s probably also worth noting that we have lower levels of spend in the second half of last year, so organization was really focusing on the spend and the restructuring program which is a lot of work. And this year as we said on our second quarter earnings call again we were intending to invest in capabilities and we did that.
Maria Henry: Yes it’s in a number of areas. Clearly and our selling capabilities is an area that we’re focused on investing in, in marketing capabilities particularly around electronic commerce as we grow in new channels and then we also had some investments in the area of IT in terms of data analytics and things like that all focused on supporting our organic top line growth efforts.
Maria Henry: Sure, let me take a crack at it and then and Tom can certainly jump in here and let me start with CapEx. We’re fortunate to have a lot of opportunity to invest in high return capital projects that support both our top line growth and savings. As you think about our CapEx, you can think of the spend in three areas, growth which supports expansion capital and also investment behind our innovations. Cost savings, which is a second category a lot of that supports the four savings that you’re seeing come through and that we talk about. And then the third category on maintenance if we funds are operations to adequately maintain, productive and safe manufacturing environment. So those are the three categories and I think the range of $950 million to $1.50 billion is about right for our business now given the opportunities that we haven and the size of our operations and the opportunities that we have for expansions in some of the geographies. We’ll continue to monitor that over time. As you know we hired a head of global supply chain and wondering how our organizations will work with the finance team and the local operators to make sure that we continue to make sure that we’re optimizing our CapEx spend as we move forward. On working capital, I said that I thought out working capital usage was a bit higher than we'd like it to be. I think they are areas of opportunities that we have in 2016 are around areas like inventory. We talked about strong performance on payables in 2015 and so, again with our global supply chain organization working with our local teams will be focusing on what we can do on the inventory side and then in ‘15 we also had some negative impacts on working capital from currency on our derivative settlements that we used to manage our exposures on the balance sheet, and then also we had a large tax receivable that moved up into AR at the end of the year, so when you look at the numbers after in there, that’s in there too. I think the third part of your question was around buybacks and that is back to what I said earlier that we’re very focused on maintaining our single A credit rating. So there is, as you know at certain metrics around single A and we watch those very closely and then look at how did the cash flows come in and make sure that we fund the dividends in that churn business through CapEx and then the remainder just remains how much we buyback and we use the cash flow and then any capacity that we have on the debt side within that A rating to really fund buybacks. So depending on where the results of the operations come in will depend on the flex – within the range on the share buybacks for 2016.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think broadly the market was pretty similar Q3 to Q4, but also there was more activity in the second half of 2015 than there was in the first half. So if you looked at percent sold on deal [ph] and the level of A&P support across the category was probably increased for all the major brands. We got quite a bit of innovation coming in 2016. We believe are our primary competitor does as well. So I would guess that the current level of competitive activity will continue. We'll forget about the progress in our unit volume growth on diapers in North America and we feel like we've got good momentum on diapers and training pants for sure. In China, we saw a bit more competitive pricing being spent in the market by some of the competitors which we matched up to at some extent, but we saw some of that in the third quarter as you may recall, but had a very strong volume quarter again and again have lots of innovation coming. So still tons of competition around, but I wouldn’t say it is getting worse, but it is continuing.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we're watching the consumer carefully, particularly as you see GDP [ph] per capital go backwards in some of these markets. In Brazil for example we saw category volumes decline a bit in the fourth quarter for both diapers and bathroom tissue which you don’t see that too often in Eastern Europe. The Ukraine in particular has been a market that has been hard hit if you look at category volumes. Some of that is because there has been quite a bit of parallel imports there that because of some value-added taxes that they put in place. So we are watching the consumer. On the other hand we've got real transaction exposure hitting these markets. You are trying to cover the transaction cost just to try to keep the shape of the P&L in order. And I think every major CPG [ph] is in that balancing act right now.
Thomas Falk: Yes and then to your other question, we are trying to be smart as we look across categories, the level of pricing also is affected by the amount f innovation that we have coming. So we can bring a better performing product, we will probably be a little more aggressive on pricing in that space, but we're also looking at it by peer to see what's possible. Part of that is also driven by how much is the local content of a particular product makeup versus the U.S. dollar components for using a ton of imported materials, you are going to be more likely to have to price up for that.
Thomas Falk: We've seen a little bit of the trading up, trading down phenomena like we have seen in other markets where the super premium segments are growing where you’ve got real innovation and some differentiation and then you’ve seen some uptick in the value and the middle segments have taken a bit of a hit. We’ve seen that in other markets and some other situations.
Thomas Falk: Well, the good news is our international business is closing the gap and so their margins have improved this year. So even though the sales from [indiscernible] they came much closer to the dollar target than you might think given the size of the currency hit that they took. And so they really use very minimal margin drag on the company. In fact this year because they shrunk as a percent of the company’s overall sales we actually had a slight margin tailwind this year from a mixed standpoint. But getting back to the root cause we tend to focus on gross margins in emerging markets and trying to narrow that gap, and narrow the gap is a little closer than operating margin, because in some markets where we are investing in A&P or building infrastructure to support a larger business, we're not quite as efficient between the lines in the international market share, but that’s one that the team is working on and our markets that are at scale like Korea you'd see margins there that are at or above the North American levels in individual categories.
Thomas Falk: I think it’s 2% or 3% of sales and probably similar from profits, had a great year last year and part of the other expense that we took in the quarter was the devaluation that happened in mid December, that part was a $0.03 hit to our fourth quarter results. But I actually feel pretty optimistic about Argentina over the long term and so as we see the new government coming in place and they’re opening up their markets, so there is some product categories for example that were imported. Like our K-CP business for example in Argentina had to import all their safety products and we didn’t manufacture anything locally there well over the last year. So we were not allowed to import. So you had to kind of go out of that business. That’s all going to open up in 2016. So there will be a translation and transaction hit, but I’m more optimistic about the future of Argentina going forward.
Thomas Falk: Yes I would say this, we had probably different causes and different market sets and they are little softer fourth quarter on the top line than we were expecting overall for the year they had decent organic growth which is what we tend to look at. In North America, we saw some distributor inventory destocking because we look at our out-the-door sales versus our in-the-door sales in the fourth quarter. They sold more out-the-door than they purchased in-the-door. So I think those guys at calendar year end and they were doing some inventory level trimming as they hit their year end. I’d say in other markets like Brazil, which is a big market for K-CP, there you see more just a decline in GDP has had a pretty big impact on business activity. It has affected the key K-CP market much more than the consumer market for the year. In other markets China kind of a mixed bag with a little weaker quarter for us and yes some of that was execution on our front that we need to improve and there is plenty of competition there, probably a bit of the economic slowdown, but again that market is still growing overall, it’s just not at the same pace that it once was. So lots of different issues in individual markets that kind of added up to a little less than we were thinking we’re going to get on the top line.
Thomas Falk: Yes Javier, I think maybe the way to think about it is looking at the net of price of currency and raw material inflation or deflation and when you net those three things together, it’s a little smaller drag as we talked about for 2016 is probably a high single digit drag. So then to deliver 3% to 7% growth puts your real earnings power more in the low double-digit range which is still above where our historical average has been. So the things that helped us get further along in 2015, it will help us again in 2016. There has been strong volume growth and so good organic top line and a strong cost savings program and we’ve been ramping that up over the years and it’s been never more important than in times like this. And so, if you look at the organic top line drivers we feel pretty good about the innovation program that we’ve got as well as a portfolio of markets that we’re growing and where the categories are still growing there is still opportunity for geographic expansion. On the cost savings front, the three factors that are driving us there are negotiated material savings, our basic productivity programs and material specification changes and we are getting organized to deliver that on a even more consistent basis going forward with some of the works that we’re doing with a new global supply chain leader. So I feel pretty good about volume growth and our cost savings performance and hopefully that delivers the earnings power, it overcome some of the currency drag and other things that we have got facing us.
Thomas Falk: Yes, on the tissue front they didn’t really get too much of benefits from deflation in the year and more of it was oil related which benefited the Personal Care segment. They got a little bit of transportation benefit from lower diesel and things like that but beyond that it wasn’t much benefit from deflation. The pricing was a little bit more competitive in the marketplace and we tried to make sure we matched up to that.  I think any time you have a discussion about this it is always the other guy that started it. So I’m sure there are some cases where we were aggressive behind innovation and trying to drive our business and that may have precipitated a response or maybe the converses through. But I do think the overall market was a little bit more competitive. We’ve seen that for several quarters and we feel good about the volume performance. We grew share in 5 of 6 of the North American consumer tissue categories and we saw good margin improvement behind cost savings. So overall, I think the execution was there and we delivered on the plan and expectations for the year.
Thomas Falk: You haven’t seen much commodity benefit again, so our forecast is calling eucalyptus data a little bit in ’16 so, that will help at the movement I’d say the competitive environment is going to be a pretty similar in ’16 to what it was in ’15.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I'd say broadly we still let’s say the category opportunity is 3% to 4% on average. If you look at a market like China, we'd still say high single digit growth. It is going to be the year of the monkey in China which is a good year and so you typically have a little bit of an uptick in the birth rate, restarts with the forecasters were calling for, the birth rate in the U.S. is actually ticking up. I’d say there are places we're watching our markets like Brazil and the Ukraine which are going negative where the GDP is as happened to see us as a very short term category issue or is there a bigger trend in place? But let’s say if you guess the category growth rate was three to four or may be rounding down closer to three reflecting some of the challenges in some markets around the world.
Thomas Falk: Yes, most local markets we are playing in local currency and so you’re turning to look at transaction exposure as the driver for pricing. So and most of these places most of the competitors including local players, by pulse this is denominated in dollars or they buy super absorbent that’s denominated in dollars or they buy not lot of them that are using polymer that's priced in dollars. And so, there is a transaction exposure that affects everybody and that tends to drive pricing more than trying to price for the translation exposure.
Thomas Falk: Yes, there is a mix of that I would say, if you look at the markets where we’ve been most successfully getting pricing is turning to be Latin America, Brazil had, had quite a bit in ’15 we’ve announced some of the recent currency moves more in '16. We'll see my guess is when Argentina the dust finally settles and the pricing rules right down there more visible there will likely be some pricing opportunities in that market. Eastern Europe has been the other place where you have seen real currency volatility or everyone in those markets has been pretty aggressive on pricing and so that would account for most of it. If you looked at a lot of the other developed markets like Australia, where there has been a little bit of currency movement or even Western Europe, you’re probably not going to get a lot of pricing for the sized currency moves that you’re seeing there. It will be very low single digits if at all and so I think, that's sort of the way it's shaking out is we've got a few hotspots where there has been big currency swings where you get price recovery because everybody is being hit with the same wave of transactional cost hits. And then there are lots of other markets where you have and then manage with cost savings and mix or innovation or other things that are going to drive your revenue realization.
Thomas Falk: Well the way to think about it in terms of how we’re approaching it is, we are not necessarily trying to cover the translation exposure, which is probably the biggest piece of it, we are trying to cover the transaction exposure, but as you look at our net income impacts that also includes things like the balance sheet re-measurement in Argentina that flow through other expense or any other hedging gains or losses. And so, they’re looking more like the run rate transaction exposure and the impact on imported materials and what their ongoing cost of goods is going to be and using that to think about pricing going forward and then balancing that with what your innovation plan looked like, what are the things can we do to substitute the local source material and avoid the transaction exposure and so it’s a market by market approach. And again I would say in Latin America and Eastern Europe is where you found both of those markets are just I'd say used to dealing with high inflation and so when you get hit with this people aren’t shy about taking price, but other markets you’re not going to see that in Korea, you’re not going to see that in Australia.
Thomas Falk: Yes and I think the biggest disconnect is e-commerce in China, Ali and so Singles Day was November 11 which was huge for us as well as for all of the online players. So that probably skewed the Nielsen data which tends to look at measured and baby stores because there was a lot of online activity in particularly in November. But again I’d say if you were to decompose our growth in China, we increased the number of cities and I think we started the year at 105, we ended the year at 115, we'll be at 130 by the end of this year. Now each incremental city is incrementally a little bit smaller, but we still are seeing good geographic expansion. We’re still growing share in the cities that we’re in. We’re doing a ton in e-commerce and that channel is growing pretty dramatically in China and so it’s probably a third of our diaper sales were in e-commerce which is overweighed the rest of the categories. We’re still seeing good mid-tier super premium segment growth where we tend to do better. So again, I’d say China we are pretty bullish, lots of competition but good growth in innovation coming and some geography expansion as well.
Thomas Falk: So I haven’t looked at that in a while my guess would be laws that were pretty similar to P&G and GP might have a little bit more variability just because some of their tissue mills are more connected to their own internal pulp sources, but that would be might my hypothesis. And then on the K-CP front we all run with a lot of recycle fiber on that front, so we will be pretty similar on the K-CP front.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think this is probably more fiber morphology than you are interested in on a Monday morning, but Eucalyptus helps make tissue soft, but it is not as strong as Northern Softwood. So you get that right now, Hardwood makes it soft and Softwood makes it weak or makes it soft or makes it strong. So we’ve been trying to drive more softness and use more Eucalyptus and you’re trying to figure out what is to make the tissue stronger using other mean so that you don’t give up the strength that Northern Softwood will bring you. So, but I think there are even some markets where we’ve run a 100% Eucalyptus sheet and are able to do that and still hit adequate strength targets.
Thomas Falk: Hey Jason, we take all our calls here this morning. So yes, we'll be here until you guys run out of questions.
Thomas Falk: Yes that’s a tough one to call, we tend to just look at the, we take two or three industry forecast - being one and I think we’ve looked at a couple of others and we don’t apply an immense amount of judgment to that. We tend to take a look at what the predictions are calling for. I do think the weakening of the U.S. dollar in some of these local markets may not be fully captured in the forecasters because they’re looking at forward currency rates as well. And so if you look at our Brazilian producer who is selling their products in dollars or Canadian producers selling their products in U.S. dollar there is certainly you could make an argument that there could be some price decline. From a capacity standpoint, there the Canadian market should be pretty stable for a while, they have to run their mills this time of the year or they freeze up, there is some additional capacity coming on in Brazil, but I don’t think it’s going to be until the end of 2016. So we will see what happens at this point – we’re not – we are seeing a little bit of weaker spot prices for Northern Softwood, but the Eucalyptus market has been relatively balanced and there is not a huge spot market on that at this stage.
Thomas Falk: I would say the competitive activity has been relatively modest in tissue. We've been – we've had a lot of news between Viva Vantage. We've had some improvements on Kleenex. We've had some upgrades on Cottonelle and so we want to make sure we get our fair share of the quality promotional support as have some of our other competitors. The good news is you didn’t see much private label movement in the fourth quarter I think private label shares were pretty flat. I think it was private label is up half a point on the year on bath, was up a little more on towels, but we were up in both categories so I think it is just the normal competitive environment and we'll see what happens going forward if you do see a big move in pulp that typically would lead to a change I think relatively modest moves that we are talking about, shouldn’t have a major impact on promoted pricing.
Thomas Falk: Well, once again we wrapped up the year with a very solid performance in 2015. We've got great momentum and we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks for joining us today.
