Maria G. Henry - Kimberly: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Total sales were even year-on-year with organic sales down 1%. We achieved strong cost savings which helped us improve our margins and grow earnings per share. And we're on track with our overall capital plan. Now let's take a look at the details starting with sales. Our first quarter net sales were $4.5 billion. That's even year-on-year, with a 1-point benefit from currency rates. Organic sales fell 1% in the quarter and Tom will provide more color on our top line results in just a few minutes. On profitability, gross and operating margins were each up 30 basis points year-on-year. First quarter gross margin was 36.9% and operating margin was 18.6%. The margin improvements included good progress in developing and emerging markets. Our FORCE cost savings for the quarter were $110 million. So we're off to a good start relative to our full year savings target of at least $400 million. Commodities were a $35 million drag that was mostly offset by currency benefit. On the bottom line, first quarter earnings per share were $1.57, up 3% year-on-year, while our equity income reduced earnings by $0.02 per share, offset by a lower effective tax rate. Now let's take a look at cash flow. Cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $436 million and in line with our expectation. Cash flow was down compared to $553 million in the year-ago quarter, driven by higher tax payments this year. On capital allocation, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $600 million. That includes $300 million of share repurchases. We continue to expect that for the full year dividends and share repurchases will total between $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion. Looking at the segments; in Personal Care, organic sales were even year-on-year. Organic sales increased 6% in developing and emerging markets, but were down elsewhere. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 21.4%, up 110 basis points. The improvement was driven by cost savings, higher volumes and favorable currencies. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were down 3% driven by North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins were strong at 18.9%, that's up 20 basis points. In K-C Professional, organic sales in the quarter were even with prior year. K-C Professional operating margins were 19%, down 70 basis points. The comparison was impacted by cost inflation and strong results last year. So let me recap. We achieved significant cost savings and improved our margin. We delivered bottom line growth in a challenging environment. And we continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly: Yeah. Sure. As Tom mentioned, we did have a strong first quarter and $110 million of savings. And those savings came from across all the areas that our team looked to deliver against. Only one of those areas has to do with sourcing savings, which would be affected by the commodity environment. The tougher the commodity environment, the tougher the negotiations are, but we were very pleased with our team's ability to negotiate that – to continue to negotiate well in the first quarter and we would expect to see that continue through the remainder of the year. In terms of the other areas, though, we expect that we'll continue to drive productivity in our manufacturing operation. Our global supply chain team is partnering well with the regional supply chain teams and the in-country teams to really be focused on driving the manufacturing programs, driving waste out of the system. We've got some momentum there. We continue to build supply chain capabilities in that area, so we feel good about our number of $400 million for the year. One thing that I will note is if you look at our cost saving last year, we will have tougher comps on cost savings in the second half of this year because our cost savings really built throughout last year. But I think with the capabilities we're building and the execution and focus of the teams, we still feel good about that $400 million number for the year.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly: Yeah, interest expense, we still expect to be down slightly. We've got a refinancing that's coming up. We have a bond that comes due for $950 million in August, and that's at 6.125%, so we'll replace that with cheaper financing, which will help us. In terms of share repurchases, we're still expecting to do between $800 million and $1 billion this year. We started out a little stronger. As you'll recall, we finished last year with a little bit more cash on hand. We had very strong cash flows last year, so we started out a stronger in the first part of this year.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly: Yeah. Our tax rate, as we mentioned coming into the year, will be variable by quarter because of the various tax planning initiatives that we do. Our tax rate this quarter was slightly below what we had last quarter before the – I'm sorry – last year first quarter. The full year though we still expect the tax rate to be similar to the full year that we delivered in 2016.
Maria G. Henry - Kimberly: Sure. We expected that our tax payments would be higher this year versus last year not only in the first quarter but for the total year. The driver of that was actually tax benefits that we had last year, which lowered our overall cash tax expense. This year, in terms of cash taxes it's a much more normalized level, so we'll be impacted by that year-on-year. On working capital, working capital was actually good for the quarter; our cash conversion days for 2018 (56:50), which is down four days from the average of last year. The primary benefit there is in payables. In terms of inventory, we clearly have room to continue to optimize our inventory. And both our supply chain teams and our finance teams are very focused on this. We made really good progress on that last year. There'll be some timing effects as we go through the year, but that's an area where we're very focused on it to drive down inventory as part of our overall working capital program.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I'll let Mike Hsu give you a little bit more color on that, but we've certainly seen a pretty strong uptick in e-commerce. And that's a trend that's happening in lots of places, but it did seem to accelerate in the U.S. in the last couple of quarters.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: And, Lauren, fem care was down, I think, mid-singles, and part of that's timing of launch. We've got the fem care U by Kotex Fitness launch coming. That starts in the second quarter. So we expect to see a little stronger calendar in the back half of the year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I guess I would just call it – if you look at the North American price was pretty neutral quarter-on-quarter. So that would be an indication that we're not funding additional competitive spend activity.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, if you look at the pricing in Q1 versus fourth quarter last year was pretty similar. So we didn't really see further degradation. All the price decline was a carryover effect of things that happened in the first half of last year. So we would feel like it seems to have stabilized at this point in time. And the good news is you're still seeing really strong category volume growth. And so, our pricing comps will get a lot more favorable in the back half, which gives us some confidence on our organic top line outlook.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I guess I'd say, Ali, the year started out a little slow. Jan, Feb and March was much better. When we look at that and the plans that we have rolling forward with some of the innovation that we've got coming, that's what gives us some confidence. Our comps get quite a bit easier in the back half. So we knew the first half was going to be a tougher comparison to deliver organic growth. And we've got good momentum in a lot of markets around the world. I'd say the two factors were probably – and the call down of the top line was a little slower start in Consumer Tissue in North America, and then some price rollbacks in markets where there was pretty big price recovery last year and no other currencies have strengthened. So Brazil and Russia in particular have been places where the currency was pretty weak last year, and we took a lot of price and some of that snapped back. But we'll give you an update as the year progresses. We call it, as you know, down the middle of how we see the fairway, and we'll keep updating as we go through the year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I guess we would say that 1% to 2%, we still feel like relative to our long-term goal of 3% to 5% reflects some of those secular challenges.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I think as you look at some of the price competition in China that's rolling off, what we're seeing is the underlying category has been robust from a volume standpoint. It's just been masked by some of the price challenges, and so we feel pretty solid that that's going to continue and flow through. There are other markets like Brazil, Argentina, where the economy hasn't yet really turned substantially. There's still a fair amount of price recovery to go in Argentina to get back to a more equilibrium state, and so there's probably some question marks there. On the other hand, Russia and other parts of Eastern Europe still seeing actually strong category growth there even though the economy hasn't fully recovered. And North America, I'd say it's a mixed bag. On the Personal Care front, we still see good category growth in adult care. We've got good innovation coming in fem care. Actually, the growth in the training pant category and out of diapers favors us given our share with Pull-Ups, so we feel pretty good about that. And Consumer Tissue is one where we just got to step up our execution a bit and make sure we're getting our fair share of that category. So I wouldn't say it's dependent on improvement in category growth, it's more sustaining what we see happening and then executing against it.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, I don't think we could probably give you an accurate read on that specifically. And I think we'd probably say we're still trying to exactly figure it out what happened with the consumer in North America in the first quarter. There's been lots of theories. You've seen a little bit of category weakness across lots of places. So how much of it is broader economic slowdown, which you don't seem to be seeing in other areas? The job report was a little weak but not substantially so. So that's still probably what we're trying to dial in a little bit more precisely.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I guess I would start. Price competition among retailers is not a new phenomena and it's maybe heating up a bit. Ultimately, finished product selling prices are retailers' responsibility and you didn't see a lot of price change in our North American numbers. So our trade programs are pretty much intact and maybe I'll let Mike comment a little bit more if you want on private label trends or the general nature of discussions there. I will say this though that when you've got good innovation and strong brands (29:14), it leads to a different discussion than if you don't have those things, it becomes more of an item price discussion.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: And then on the commodities inflation, it's not enough to drive finished product selling prices in most places, and particularly, when you see many of the international markets, the currency turning favorable, it's not a calculus that would lead to a lot of price in markets like that. We are getting some pricing in – where secondary fiber has gone up quite a bit in K-C Professional, we're getting some price recovery. I think there's been more broad price increases across the industry that have been announced recently and so that will give us some benefit. But that's about the only one that I can think of that there's maybe a direct commodity driven price change that we'd see coming this year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I would say there aren't that many tuck-ins internationally, but there are a few in a few places, but we did a lot of that in the 1990s and really bought up a lot of the market positions that we wanted and we've been able to consolidate some joint ventures into being 100% owned over time. And so it's a relatively light calendar of M&A activity. And yeah, we read all the same chatter that you guys read and, quite honestly, we're more focused on running our own business every day and stay pretty focused on that and don't play too much with the speculation process on what might happen. So, I think so far that's served us well.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, in terms of retailer inventories, we didn't see a big shift anywhere really, and we have pretty high cube, high velocity categories, particularly in a place like China, where so much of it is e-commerce. Often the e-com players really aren't even holding any inventory. They'll pick up at our distribution center and deliver the same day. And so there's not a lot of inventory in those systems, and I know we've seen some minor shifts in inventory across other channels, but nothing that was significant enough to call out in the quarter.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Okay. I'll do the best I can with that, Steve, and we'll see, Steve, what I leave left for you to follow-up on. In terms of pulp and oil, we'd say for pulp we're probably up $40 to $50 a ton versus our original guidance in terms of we expect in terms of market pricing for eucalyptus. So we're calling euc at $870 to $900 a ton. And I know the current price is above that, but that's kind of our outlook for the year. Oil we're kind of in the $50 to $60 a ton still, and there may be some upside for us on that depending on where oil shakes. In the meantime, though polymer has actually gone up a bit, as there's been some supply challenges on polymer. And we don't have a lot of direct oil. We do a lot more polypropylene and oils short of the long-term proxy for that, but in the short term, they can go different directions. Swinging to the market share front, if you looked at shares sequentially in North America, they're pretty flat; up in a couple, flat in a few, down in a couple. Year-over-year, particularly in Consumer Tissue is where we had the most negative share comparison. So that was probably a high watermark for Consumer Tissue last year. As you travel around the world, I'd say you'd see relatively stable share positions. Brazil is up in fem care, down a little in diapers; similar story in Argentina. China shares were, I think, pretty flat to down 1-point; Korea, kind of a similar story. Positive shares in Russia, Ukraine, other parts of Eastern Europe on diapers in particular. I don't know, Mike, if there's any other ones that jump out for you? Fem care has probably been our star and that we've had very strong share performance in most markets on fem care.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: I think that's a fair statement. When we get done with this call, Mike and I are going to go in and talk to our team leaders around the company. And one of the things we're going to tell is we're not satisfied with our market shares in the first quarter. So we'd expect to do better as the year progresses.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: All right. Maybe I'll have Mike comment on both of those, so on promotional environment broadly and then facial pricing.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah. I think the other point, Nik, would be, as we've got innovation coming, you want to use your promotion along with your other strategic marketing tools to drive that. So we've got a pretty strong calendar coming, and so that wouldn't be unusual for us to put more money behind those ideas either.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: No, I wish I could tell you the clear answer, because then I would have done something about it before now. But it was – and I think everybody was talking about retail store traffic was down broadly. They can't point to weather. There was theories about late income tax refunds. Again, I don't know why that would necessarily affect our category. But, on the other hand, if you're not in the store shopping, you definitely saw that in terms of retail traffic. Now there was some uptick in e-commerce that balanced off a part of that. We are seeing probably, I don't know, Mike, if you want to comment on this, just a little bit less in terms of the fill-in trips may be part of it as some retailers unpacked that. But I think it's still pretty early to figure out exactly what happened.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Yeah, and e-commerce does cause great price transparency. On the other hand, retailers have been comp shopping each other's stores in bricks and mortar for 100 years. So it's not a new phenomenon.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: It's a pretty comprehensive list there so, on the promo front, maybe Mike can comment a little bit on that.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: On China, I think the question was, have you seen any kind of trade up in e-com and I think, broadly, that is the case. We've just launched a super-premium diaper pant in China that we're really excited about. And moms that tend to shop in e-com tend to skew a little bit higher income and so that should be a positive for us. And then the last question...
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: One difference though. You might be looking just that fourth quarter only working capital number. We tend to compare to the full year average, because there is a bit of cyclicality as the year rolls through.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Jason, we don't give quarterly guidance as you know, so I think you can do the math as easy as we can and you're correct in assessing that the comps get tougher in the second quarter. But, beyond that, I'm probably not going to give you any more color on quarterly guidance.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: No, not at all. The volume actually has been pretty strong throughout and so is it's been more of a function of innovation and category growth and consumer spending power and that we expect those stronger results to come through more clearly in the back half of the year.
Thomas J. Falk - Kimberly: Well, once again, we are continuing to execute our Global Business Plan and allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. And we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, Lauren, I do think maybe a shift upwards in e-commerce sales and other channels that are not scanned by Nielsen. I think if you look at the diaper category specifically, in Nielsen xAOC, you probably would've seen a high-single digit decline in volume, but across all outlets that was probably down about low-single digits across all outlets. And so, you are seeing maybe an increasing shift to e-commerce. I will say there's probably a lot written about this topic, but our relationships across all channels are strong. Our strategy is not just manage (11:58) or pick winners across retailers, and so we do fund customers on the same program across all channels, and then we tailor our execution support to support our customer-specific strategies.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, in adult care, I think I'd say our volumes overall year-on-year are about similar versus year ago, and our comparisons were actually probably impacted by the base period year ago where we had strong double digit growth. We are affected a little bit I would say by strong competitive activity in the category. Price promotion remains elevated in adult care. Our market share is strong at 54%, but that is down 2 points versus where we were a year ago. The category overall is up mid-single digits, and we expect mid-single to high-single digit growth for the balance of the year, so we still think adult care has a lot of growth in it both in the short term and the long term. We've got a strong innovation plan. We're launching a boy's overnight pad this year that's great. And then we'll continue and invest to make sure we're competitive in the marketplace.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: I'd probably say it's a bit of a mix, but obviously, for us, our goal is to get incremental space. And we're launching U by Kotex Fitness, it's got some pretty good traction and excitement from our customers, and so we're getting the right shelving and space for that. It's a very innovative product. From our side, the product is very tailored for fitness or exercise with real product differentiation there, so we're excited about it.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I think, Wendy, the only thing I would add is that, obviously, the resellers have decided that mom is very important to them, and there's a strong battle to win mom. We have seen some retail price competitiveness across channels both from bricks and mortar and online, and that's probably driving some price competition and price decline into the market, which has accelerated the shift to some degree this year. Just to give you an example, I think in the diaper category, infant/child care mega category across training pants, diapers, infant care and child care, the category volume overall across all outlets is down 1% in volume, but down 5% in net sales. So that gives you an indication of the price deflation.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah. And Ali, I think while I certainly acknowledge that the North American environment's gotten more challenging than it was last year. I don't think our first quarter Consumer Tissue is how we planned to perform for the balance of the year. We are expecting our execution to improve. We recognize that it's gotten a little bit more price competitive and we will be competitive in the marketplace. But a lot of it comes down to how we execute in the stores. And I think we are expecting to improve our execution of the stores.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, definitely, Ali, strong potential long-term, particularly D&E. If you think about it with continued household formation, wealth creation, emergence of the middle class in a lot of these countries, our categories are still, I think, fairly early in our growth cycle, particularly if you think about fem care, diapers, adult care especially, and so we do see long-term growth. Now, what we see near-term volatility or cyclical volatility as we're experiencing over the last year and a half or so, yes, that's probably the case. But I think right now, we are building plans to kind of keep us in that range. But, obviously, with some of these new conditions, we haven't fully analyzed what just started happening in North America this January. So I think our analysis will continue to evolve. But, right now, we are still shooting for 3% to 5% range.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I'd say the private label trends, I think they're category specific. And so I would say, in diapers, probably the brands are holding up pretty strongly. In Consumer Tissue, maybe there's a slight improvement in private label on the (29:38) side. So I think it varies by category. Certainly, I think given the kind of the conditions we're given, we talked about with increasing penetration of online, I think price has gotten – come more to the forefront. And we're having discussions with our customers, but they feel similar to discussions we have most years. And our job is to make sure we provide our customers with the right support. As I said, we do try to fund our customers on similar programs, and what we do tailor is how we support them execution only with promotions and through their own marketing tactics.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I think both in baby and child care and in Consumer Tissue, we are seeing increased promotion intensity. Our goal is to be competitive in the marketplace and we may need to increase our spending in some areas, but again, we have a pretty well established trade promotion effectiveness program, and we try to be very analytical in our approach and make sure we get the right returns on our investment trade.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yes. The only thing I'd add, I think, certainly, I think in China, holding on pretty very good and doing a good job out there. Central and Eastern Europe, I think we are seeing a pretty good share growth. I think Latin America, as Tom said, pluses and minuses, but we know we need to get our shares pointed in a stronger direction. And then certainly, North America, I think BCC (43:05) or infant child care, shares about flat in the quarter, but most of the other categories a little softer year-on-year versus what we expect. So we know we need to perform better there.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I think the promotional environment is, as you've heard us discuss, I think it's gotten more challenging, and our exception is at this point is that that environment will continue. And so we're going to be prepared to operate in that environment. And I think what we need to do is be competitive with our promotions and the right price points, but be disciplined about how we spent. And so that's the emphasis going forward. With regard to Kleenex, we did do a list price increase beginning of the year, and that has flowed through. I probably won't comment specifically on the profitability impact.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I think when you have this much going on, which is maybe consumer confidence, the e-commerce shift, and then these theories around the tax. I know that perhaps a lot of – we had debates internally about how farfetched the tax refund timing affect is, but certainly in conversations with retailers, I think many of them believed that with strong conviction. And so, I think there's multiple factors that we don't have enough analysis to be able to tease out exactly what happened, but I do think there was some softening that we saw particularly in January and February, and we came out in March a little bit better.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Well, in Brazil, I think the Q1 Personal Care sales were up high-single digit. And as Tom was saying, we were cycling on a 5% decline in the base period. So volume up, and the net sales price is down slightly. FX obviously contributed a little bit. But the team has really done a nice job, I think, fine-tuning their price pack, competitiveness and getting the right price points on shelf. And I think that's making a difference. The macro factors, I think they are improving slightly, but the environment is still tough. And GDP is still contracting, but maybe at a slower rate. Inflation's a little bit lower than it was this time a year ago, but the consumer, I think, is still pretty well under stress. And then back to China, I think, we are encouraged by I think the performance Q1 on China. I think organic was up low-single digit, but volume was up strong double digits, somewhat offset by lower net selling prices. Pricing environment, as Tom says, has stabilized, but it's consistent with what we've been planning. So we think we still have – we're encouraged about what's happening this year, and think our performance will be good this year in China.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: No, we've seen this shift occur in other markets, China and Korea particularly, and we've adapted pretty well, in some cases, led that change. And so we need to be as nimble and responsive to the market conditions that we plan to be.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah. I think, with regard to North America, I think the promo timing, we had a few major events with large customer shift out of our quarter that we knew going into the year, and so we had assumed that. So that explains a bit of the shift. Probably, what was new news to us was probably the more aggressiveness in promotion activity and promotional price points, and that's the one that we're adapting to right now. And again, we're going to manage our business with discipline, but we want to be price competitive in the marketplace. With regard to China, the – oh, sorry.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Well, one, I think part of the shift was out of our plan entirely for the year, and then part of it was shifting into the second and third quarters of this year.
Michael D. Hsu - Kimberly: Yeah, I'll give you, Jason, a couple of factors why we believe that. One, we do have news, as Tom mentioned, great new innovation in super premium tier 6. Second, the birthrate is increasing. Two years ago, I think the birthrate was about 16 million live births. Last year, we estimated around 17.5 million. And this year, it could be as high as 20 million. And so that's kind of in our favor. And then we're also are expanding our penetration of cities, and we'll continue to add cities in distribution this year.
Olivia Tong: In terms of first on – hi – your revised price mix outlook, sounds like it's primarily just currency related. Currencies are coming in a little bit, so some of the pricing you would've expected to take in emerging markets is no longer justified. But you also talked a lot about some of the things you need to do in North America Consumer Tissue and some other categories. So is that embedded into your outlook? Was that already in the outlook? Or is there something that's – or are you expecting more price mix, price promotion associated with that? And perhaps also where does pricing against incremental commodities inflation stand relative to your whole price mix structure? Thanks.
Olivia Tong: Got it. Thanks. And then in terms of margins, those have held up fairly well despite the top line slowdown and Personal Care was the particular stand out. And given the level of competitive activity there...
Olivia Tong: No, no, no, I mean they've actually been pretty decent, but just trying to understand some of the key drivers of the improvement there and how you think about the sustainability of that.
