Paul Alexander: Thanks, David and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO, Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO, and Mike Asbell, Vice President and Controller. Here is the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our first quarter results, Tom will then provide his perspective on the results, and discuss our 2010 outlook and we’ll finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today’s materials in the Investor section of our Web site, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Now, before we begin, let me remind you that we’ll be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated, or that our results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I’d also like to point out that that we will be referring to adjusted 2010 results and outlook, both of which exclude a one-time loss in the first quarter of 2010 for the remeasurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela as a result of the move to highly inflationary accounting. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today’s news release and additional information on our Web site. Now, I’ll turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: No, that’s right, especially in international, Linda, which I think is what you’re getting, and mix was up about 1% and tissue in the first quarter. I think if you look over the long-term it’s generally been running at least at a point positive, maybe even two points positive, so that’s the strategy.
Paul Alexander: You said, maybe the way to think about it, Lauren, is we’re going to manage the business at the parallel rate and inventories is a part of that.
Paul Alexander: I think, yes, I would say, Lauren, for a while that’s probably a reasonable way to think about it and then eventually the consumer is at the end of the day buying sheets, but it takes a while for that to work through.
Paul Alexander: I would say just to add more and more of our marketing mix is focused on sort of non-traditional network advertising so a bigger and bigger piece of our marketing mix is going to the internet. For example, if you think about the U by Kotex launch, it’s a great way to connect with the consumers. So we’re a little less influenced by media buying rates maybe than we would have been a few years ago.
Tom Falk: On the tissue front, I’d say broadly, everyone of our tissue business is both consumer and professional, are looking at different ways to improve revenue realizations. So whether it’s through changing promotional price points, whether it’s through list price changes in the KCP world, it’s contract price increases, so all of those levers are being looked at in each individual markets to determine how they get the best revenue realization. And so, list prices one option, but we’re looking at the full range of the pricing menu to decide what’s the most effective way to hit a strategic price point and minimize the volume loss that you have in that kind of a scenario. And then on the volume going forward, I’d say in the first quarter we have a lot of innovation loss, there’s a lot more yet to come, much of it was launched late in the year, so things like Kleenex Hand Towels, really just started to be on shelf in March, U by Kotex shipped at the end of the quarter. And so I’d feel like we’re just kind of getting started and so far early days, that seems pretty good and we’d expect to see the momentum build-in on the volume front as we get into the year a little further.
Tom Falk: The volume growth in the first quarter of 5%, we say that’s at least as far as the markets growing. So we’d say we at least held share, maybe we even picked up a little bit of share in some markets, continuing to see pretty strong growth in China and Russia was a little slower this quarter as the competitive environment picked up a little bit, Latin America had another solid quarter for us, so markets like Brazil, the Indian region continue to do well. So I’d say broadly China and Latin America were real strong points for us this quarter.
Tom Falk: Yes, I was in some stores a couple of weeks ago and the products looks great on shelf, and so, we are getting the distribution, that we’re looking for and so, a lot of the marketing support just now is getting turned on, I will tell you though walking down the aisle I think everyone else in the category was running a buy one, get one free to try to make sure that they hang on to their loyal consumer, so we don’t expect that we’re going to walk in and just take huge chunks of share, but it’s great innovation, it’s great product and packaging and we’re going to do a fantastic job of marketing it. But again, this is a category that’s get very loyal consumers and we know we’re going to have to earn every share point that we get here.
Tom Falk: We’re not on allocation. Super absorbent is tight. So we sent a letter to customers that have said super absorbent is tight, we expect to be able to support our business plan for the year, it’s really a acrylic acid, there is an explosion at an acrylic acid plant late last year and then unplanned outage at another supplier. So that’s the base monomer that goes into the production of super absorbent. It’s global and to be with us for most of the year. But at this point we’ve got what we need contract to be able to support our business plan for the year.
Tom Falk: No, really anything to do with super absorbent tissue in the first quarter. We’ve more to do with timing of innovation and launches. We have more stuff that happened in the first quarter last year and we got more with the jeans diaper, other things rolling. In second quarter we got more activity coming. And also, lines up a little bit better with where we expect competitive activity to be occurring.
Tom Falk: I think we look at where we think we’re actually processing transactions and there hasn’t been any exchange at the official rate for at least the quarter or two and so we think basically businesses being run at the parallel rate.
Tom Falk: As we look versus our target for the year we are actually on track or even slightly ahead. We’ve done a better job on payables as we progress through the quarter. Receivables are basically in control. And inventories are just a touch higher but some of that related to the some inventory builds for some innovation launches and so, at this point I would say we’re broadly on track for our working capital plans. I don’t know Mark, if you want to give any additional color.
Tom Falk: I’m not sure that you’re in the wrong spot there. I’d say certainly where you get strong shares, you’re going to be more aggressive on price and can be more aggressive on price, markets like Mexico, for example, they’ve done a great job of driving revenue realization, markets like Korea where get strong market shares across the board, you could be a little bit more aggressive on price. And so I think tissue be the area where you will see more price because that’s where I’m quite frankly, most of the costs impact is occurring. From a Personal Care standpoint, even though the inflation is higher, it’s not probably yet to the point that you’d see industry wide price increases, you’d see it probably happening more, we’re trimming up promotional activity in some markets, so I’d say tissue is probably the place we’re going to look closest from a list price standpoint, really across both consumer and professional this year.
Tom Falk: Yes, I’d say that you generally seen K-C Professional will be a good example. I think all of the major competitors in K-C Professional have led or followed price increases this year. And did the same thing last year. And so, it’s not clear who is leading, who is following, but it’s happening pretty broadly across the marketplace, there was a January price increase or February price increase, now there is one we’re going into effect in May in K-C Professional. So the markets been pretty overly about as secondary fibers gone up, you’re seeing list price taken in the marketplace at the contract level, in addition to at the list level. And consumer tissue you’re seeing some desheeting that’s happened both on the premium brands and I think everybody is participated in that to pretty similar percentage extent. And there’s recent news in the marketplace of list price increase by one of the competitors and that’s obviously information that we’re analyzing and we’ll decide what our responses in the near-term.
Tom Falk: Yes, we’ve not seen a lot of Personal Care price increases at this point. And I think, again, most of the costs paid is focused on the tissue side of the equation.
Tom Falk: In China, certainly the one, where we’re adding sales capabilities, we’re going to more cities, so, Russia would be the same kind of a thing. Another impact on our SG&A would be I-Flow acquisition as well; we brought in heavier SG&A load which we knew that, very high gross margins, but a very high selling expense effort that caused some of the comparisons to be a little different as well.Chris Ferrara – Banc of America: Thanks a lot.
Tom Falk: We look at consumer surveys every month and I’d say CEO mom is pretty stable at this point. She hasn’t gotten a lot more confidence, but it’s not getting worse. So if you compare to the first quarter last year people were a lot more worried about their jobs, they are a lot more worried about losing their house, so that got sequentially better as the year progressed. But I’d say it’s pretty stable at this point in time. So if you look at private label share, there’s a proxy, for example, there. They are flat to down from where they had been in most categories sequentially, but they are still higher versus a year ago. So again, we’re not seeing further shifting but we’re seeing the consumer is still pretty cautious out there.
Tom Falk: Yes, towels are probably the category where we’re seeing the biggest shift in private label, I think private label shares are up about 3.5 points year-over-year, and so, that’s one. Obviously, we got a focus on showing the value to the consumer and why buying a better paper towel will actually cause you to use less over time and so we’ve got some activity around that for both our Viva brand as well as our Scott towel brand.
Tom Falk: In the U.S. the birth rate has dipped a bit last year. We’re seeing some early signs that maybe improving a bit. So we’re always happy to celebrate new babies with our Huggies team and we hope that that’s a trend that continues.
Tom Falk: Actually, it’s a great point. We’re spending a lot more time and attention focusing on capturing mom, prenatally and really strengthening our new born program so we can capture that consumer right at the start and then hold her all the way through her child raising experience. So we’re doing a lot more work around the world that the point of market entry with Huggies to make sure we got a very good new born products that we’ve got good marketing programs and we’re able to get access to mom so that the nursery is stocked with Huggies right from the start.
Tom Falk: They really get to start to shipping that until late in the quarter so I don’t know it had much of an impact. The impact was probably more promotional timing year-over-year and we’d expect that to normalize as the year progresses.
Tom Falk: Pretty early days yet, so I’m confident Procter will execute it well and we’ll spend aggressively, we got a very good innovation plan out there as well, we feel good about our relative product performance. And I think the good news for moms is that you’ll have both major brands driving lots of innovation and that will make it tougher on the private label guys.
Tom Falk: My guess is that it would be but you’re probably right that they would know more about what their suppliers are telling them than I would so.
Tom Falk: We’re not going to give quarterly guidance; we’re really just going to give annual guidance for that. I think you’re focusing on the right factors. So I’d say that you’re directionally headed in the right place.Wendy Nicholson – Citi Investment Research: Okay, got it, thanks.
Tom Falk: That’s fair. If you look at tissue has got more of a local competitive structure where you got local players in them, China is a player like APP and Hang On [ph] that really are already there and have got strong positions, and so, we’re actually there with a profitable facial tissue business that actually provides some cash and margin to help fund growth in our personal care businesses. So it is playing a role in many of the markets where we’re there to provide cash and margin to support growth in some of our other categories.Wendy Nicholson – Citi Investment Research: Got it, fair enough. Thank you very much.
Tom Falk: We are expecting pulp to peak in the second quarter and ease a little bit into the balance of the year. So I think that’s probably the biggest driver of the cost sequencing.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think that’s a very reasonable expectation. We’re seeing the uptick in K-C International in the 5% range in the quarter. We’d expect K-C Professional to get a little better as the economy improves a bit in later in the year. Health Care continues to be doing well. And obviously, diaper volumes were a little light in the first quarter. We’d expect that to turn around later in the year. So I think there’s a lot of factors that we’d see that would say achieving the 2% to 3% volume growth for the full year is a reasonable objective for us.
Tom Falk: I’d say we had some good volume growth last year from H1N1 that likely is not going to repeat but we are also seeing very solid growth in our medical devices business and we would expect that to continue. So certainly, won’t be probably as strong as the first quarter but I think some of the other positives will help offset that.
Tom Falk: Yes, clearly, we had a bigger impact of desheeting in the first quarter. And so, some of that with the comparison will be with us for a year, but we have also got some innovation, launching and we’d expect to see some of those things kick in and help volumes improve a bit as the year progresses.
Tom Falk: First of all, try to give clarity as to what’s actually happening almost by code level and what’s going to happen to promoted price points in the category. And so part of that is really understanding what’s going on in the marketplace and then develop thing from that, what’s our strategy going to be, what do we have coming from innovation standpoint, what strategic price points do we look at from our consumer research and then taking all those factors and deciding what’s the right course of action to take it.
Tom Falk: Our forecast is ending the year around $900 a ton, it peaks at a little lower 1,000 in the second quarter. Obviously, when pulp moves it often doesn’t move in small amounts, so there is a lots of reasons to believe if more capacity comes online and Chinese buying slows down and it could go down faster than that, but at this point, we take the outside forecast and look at three or four different external views of the pulp market and basically more or less average those in our thinking and try not to outsmart the market.
Tom Falk: I think the encouraging thing is that there’s a lot more volume and a lot less price. So I think that’s the big shift that’s been that we spent last year really driving a lot of price in those markets and seeing 5% volume growth I think is a pretty healthy sign. The one hot spot we said was probably Russia was a little softer than we’d seen, but there are some reasons for that and so we’re focused on getting those on track, but overall, I was pretty happy with the volume performance in the first quarter.
Tom Falk: Yes, that was in the consumer tissue category, North America, there was more of a shift from couponing to two other advertising type vehicles. And each of our brand teams follows with, they would call integrated marketing approach, so they have a brand idea then they try to decide what the best way to communicate that to the consumer and is it through sampling, is it through television advertising, is it through internet-based activity. And so they really kind of start out media agnostic and then look to see which are those channels going to drive the idea the fastest and so. You are seeing based on what they are trying to do. There might be more shifts in the future as they continue to drive that. And so I think in this quarter they were seeing more responsiveness in some of the advertising and sampling activity they were doing, and a little bit less to couponing and so they shifted the mix to that direction.
Tom Falk: Yes, we also think you shouldn’t expect them to see them using coupons to drive short-term volume pops, I mean, they are really trying to build strategic relationships with the consumers, you drop a coupon, it’s going to be to get trial and some innovation and that’s what you are trying to build your franchise over time.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think that we will see how it plays out, I mean overall we think these are relatively modest shifts so I think the consumers already kind of taken the economic adjustment into effect and we’re seeing that consumer confidence relatively stable. So I think given the range of price change that we’re talking about we’re not going to see big further shifts in category consumption rate and the fact that it’s happening broadly across most of the competitors in an industry, we don’t see a huge risk from a volume standpoint at this stage.
Tom Falk: Well, the way that works, Lauren, is that basically you mark your monetary assets to market at a parallel rate every month. So if there is further slings in the parallel rate there will be further charges that will flow through other income and expenses, as you re-measure your local currency cash, your local currency receivables and your local currency payables, net of that whatever the parallel rate is every month. So I think by far we’ve taken the big hit as you saw the parallel rate go from 2 to 6 in the first quarter and so we will just have to watch and see what happens, we will be transparent with you on what that impact is.
Tom Falk: Yes, we took a lower cost for market charge on the inventory in the first quarter and again, I think that we have got that at the right level and we shouldn’t see a big change going forward.
Tom Falk: I think it’s a latter case; we’re just getting to start with a lot of innovation and expect that to continue to flow through. Obviously, I still think personal care had a solid volume quarter broadly and even with relatively weak type of volumes in the US and Europe as that turns around. I think you see that continuing healthcare again had a great start to the year, we got a lot of good activity going, we are picking up additional business in that marketplace. And yes, the comps will get tougher, but I feel like our momentum is pretty good in that space. And then KCP actually had a weaker volume start and then you think it’s because last year’s first quarter was so weak but we’d expect that to pick up as the year progresses assuming the economy comes back a bit.
Tom Falk: Yes, I think seeing tissue is a more sale part of the portfolio that’s probably not, the categories are more fully penetrated so you are going to see probably 0% to 2% category growth in most of the major markets and that consistently generates cash and earns the cost of capital is a good role to think about for that business.
Tom Falk: I think mid teens long-term is certainly our aspiration. So obviously with a $1,000 ton pulp is going to be a challenge to get there this year, but we feel like that’s the right direction for us to head.
Tom Falk: As we have said ,our goal for the year, if you look back our global business plan is to see operating margins improve by 20 basis points to 40 basis points a year and gross margin to improve more than that to allow us to invest in strategic advertising and promotion. So obviously in the Q1 we are well ahead of that, being up a couple of hundred basis points in both those areas. So I would guess that the rate of margin improvement in the last three quarters will not be as great as it was in the Q1 and also our comparisons are going to get tougher as we saw margin improvement later in the years. So I think again our goal would be to continue to execute the plan and see some growth and operating margin improvement this year and that would allow us to invest in strategic A&P at a faster rate in sales.
Tom Falk: One thing we are really focusing on Tony Palmer and his team had a done great job of identifying cost cutting opportunities in that line of our P&L, just as we have in other line. So we have actually gotten quite a bit of efficiency out of our media buying that is offsetting the media inflation and giving us some real additional exposure and additional value there. So up to this point we are still seeing some leverage from that area that we’re taking advantage of.
Tom Falk: Well, I mean if you look back over time we’re making the diaper better every year and so we’ve got some exciting things coming and diapers really around the world. And we feel good about the product line that we’ve got relative to what’s happening in the competitive environment.Chris Ferrara – Banc of America: Got it, thanks.
Tom Falk: Well, once again, we’ve had a solid start to the year and look forward to continue to execute our global business plan and doing the right things to create long-term shareholder value. Thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark
