Paul Alexander: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here’s the agenda for our call. Maria will start with a review of first quarter results. After that, Mike will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full year. We'll finish as usual with Q&A. We have a presentation of today’s materials in the Investors section of our Web site. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Finally, we'll be referring to adjusted results and outlook; both exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I'll turn the call over to Maria.
Paul Alexander: And Ali, this is Paul and in developed markets outside North America, broadly speaking I’d say there hasn’t been a lot of pricing in the marketplace in Personal Care so this is Western and Central Europe, Australia and South Korea. The price declined in Q1, came primarily in South Korea where given the decline in the birth rate, there has been a bit of a pickup in everyone competing to pursue growth in a pie that’s getting a little bit smaller over time. In terms of shares, you asked about in North America across diapers and pants combined or the mega category, if you will, our shares on an outlook basis are even year-on-year and that might be a little bit better than you’re seeing in the tracked data because we continue to do strong in non-measured channels, including club and e-commerce.
Paul Alexander: And I think Bonnie that bares out if you look at the sales changes in the quarter, mix was up as a company one point and it was up essentially between half a point and a point in all three segments. So to Mike’s strategy comment I think we’re making good early progress.
Paul Alexander: Yes, Jonathan, maybe I’ll start just to put the volume decline and a little bit of context and then Mike can give obviously more color. If you looked at across our total D&E line up and set aside China and Argentina, our volumes would have been up a little bit in the quarter which given the inflationary pricing environment we are all facing and consumers are facing, that was a pretty solid outcome.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 3% driven by higher net selling prices. Adjusted operating profit and earnings per share were down low-single digits year-on-year. That said, we made solid progress with our margins compared to full year 2018 performance. Additionally, we’re on track with our overall capital plan and we continue to return cash to shareholders. Now let’s cover the details of our results starting with sales. Our first quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That’s down 2% year-on-year with a 5 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales were up 3% which is a good start relative to our full-year target for 2% growth. Net selling prices increased 4% and product mix improved 1% while volumes fell 2%. Mike will provide more color on our top line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. First quarter adjusted gross margin was 33.5%, down 30 basis points year-on-year. First quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.4%, even with the year ago. I’m encouraged that gross and operating margins were up 30 and 40 basis points, respectively, compared to full year 2018 levels. Commodities were a year-on-year drag of $135 million in the quarter. While that is still a meaningful amount, I was pleased to see market prices in North America for pulp, recycled fiber, and polymer fall a bit sequentially. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit by a low double-digit rate. Our focus on achieving higher net selling prices offset much of the commodity and currency headwinds we faced in the quarter. We also generated solid cost savings of $115 million. That includes $55 million of FORCE savings which was consistent with our plan, and $60 million of restructuring savings. On that, we continue to make good progress with our restructuring program. So far this year, we’ve announced the planned closure of two personal care facilities outside North America. We’ve now announced 6 of the approximate 10 facilities that we intend to close or sell. Advertising spending was up in the quarter as we continue to support our brand. Even with that investment, total between-the-line spending was down 50 basis points to 16% of sales. The reduction was driven by our restructuring savings. Compared to the first quarter, I expect between-the-lines spending as a percent of sales to move up a bit for the full year. So all-in-all, adjusted operating profit was down 2%. On the bottom line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.66, down 3% year-on-year. That included an approximate 2% drag from a higher tax rate essentially offset by a lower share count. Let’s turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the quarter was $317 million compared to $542 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was generally in line with our expectations and driven by higher working capital and restructuring payments. Capital spending was $316 million in the quarter. As expected, that’s up from $189 million in the year-ago period and is driven by supply chain restructuring projects. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. First quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled $510 million, and we continue to expect the full year amount will be between $2 billion and $2.3 billion. Turning to our segments. In Personal Care, organic sales were up 5%. Net selling prices increased 2%, and volumes and product mix were each up more than a point. Personal Care operating margins were 21.3%, up 90 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were even with the year-ago period. Net selling prices increased 6% which was offset by lower volume. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 15.8% were even year-on-year. In K-C Professional, organic sales grew 3%. Selling prices rose 3% while a 1-point improvement in mix was offset by lower volumes. K-C Professional operating margins of 18.4% were down 60 basis points. Results were impacted by commodity inflation and currency headwinds, partially offset by higher pricing and cost savings. So all-in-all, we’re off to a solid start relative to our full year plan, and I’m encouraged by our progress. I’ll now turn the call over to Mike for his perspective on our results and outlook.
Maria Henry: Sure. Cody, it’s Maria. On commodities, we had $135 million of headwinds in the quarter driven by pulp and other materials. That was slightly better than our expectations for the quarter with some relief on resin-based materials and recycled fibers. Distribution also remains inflationary in the quarter. We are holding our outlook at this point to $300 million to $400 million of inflation for the year. It’s early in the year. We’re just through the first quarter and while we’re encouraged by the North America market prices that have started to come down sequentially in areas like polymer, resin, eucalyptus, and recycled, it remains volatile and we’ll have to see how this plays out. And as we think about the P&L impact of the commodity changes, we have to think about commodity inflation in relationship to price when we look at the P&L holistically. If I cover them kind of piece by piece, if we look at fiber with eucalyptus, it was down 1% year-on-year and down 4% sequentially. And we’re maintaining our outlook on eucalyptus for the year of 11.25 to 11.75 per metric ton for the full year average. On NBSK, we were up low teens year-on-year and we were down low-single digits sequentially. And when I’m quoting these, I’m quoting the market prices in North America for these commodities. And then on fluff, we were up or the market was up high-single digits year-on-year and down low-single digits sequentially. And on recycled fiber, those prices remained elevated. North America market was up more than 20%. However, it has fallen sequentially. It was down about 10% on recycled. In terms of the oil-based commodities that we have on polymer, the first quarter average price was down mid-teens versus a year ago. We’re expecting a modest increase in price in the back half of the year for polymer, so we’ll have to see what happens there. On super absorbent, we were or the market was up high-single digits versus year ago and relatively flat on a sequential basis. And finally, I’ll point out that outside of North America, inflation continues to run at moderate levels particularly coming out of Latin America. So, we’re seeing some easing for the North America market prices. We still got inflation when you look at it outside of U.S. It’s a very long answer. Hopefully that covers all the details you were looking for on what we think about what the markets are doing.
Maria Henry: Yes, we do expect to continue to hold – to continue to deliver savings and we are holding our estimate in terms of the savings outlook for the year. I think that as you watch commodities and commodity inflation, the three to watch together are what’s happening with currencies, commodities, and price when you think about the P&L, but the cost savings estimate remains unchanged.
Maria Henry: Sure. On cash flow, it was down year-on-year for the first quarter. It was in line with what we expected. We had higher working capital and we had an increase in restructuring cash payments. In working capital that’s really the big driver when you look at the numbers in the first quarter and there were a number of factors that went into that. On the payable side we had a stronger than expected finish to 2018 and those entire payables got paid out in the first quarter. On the receivable side we had a number of factors including the timing of the sales and also the higher level of sales and we ended the quarter on a Sunday, so we lose two days on collections which causes a run up in that balance. And then finally on inventories, as we expected, as we get into the supply chain portion of the restructuring program there are inventory build in advance of moving equipment or basically taking equipment offline. So we expected that to happen and we saw all of those factors play out in the first quarter. And for the year as we said in January we would expect cash from operations to be down slightly year-on-year.
Maria Henry: Sure, Olivia, I’ll start and then Mike can jump in. In terms of our advertising spend, on the P&L it was up in the first quarter and we have an expectation that for the full year it will also be up year-on-year. And that is encouraging because not only is it up but as we shift more of it to digital and as we continue our work to drive down the non-working portion of the advertising expense, the actual consumer impressions that we’re getting from that spend is up as well. And so good support behind the brands and the innovations. Mike, I don’t know if you want to talk more about what we’re doing in advertising.
Maria Henry: Okay. As you know we only disclose the advertising number I think once a year and I don’t want to get into how the quarters are going to flow. So suffice it to say that it was up on the P&L in the first quarter and we would expect for the whole year that it will be up also.
Maria Henry: And then on CapEx at 316 million in the quarter, that’s in line with our expectations and it reflects the supply chain portion of the restructuring program really kicking into gear this year. So we continue to expect 1.1 billion to 1.3 billion on CapEx for the year and you started seeing some of that come through in the first quarter.
Maria Henry: Yes, we had 60 million in the quarter which is a good savings number for us. But you’ll recall that we had no savings in the first quarter of last year as the restructuring program was announced in January of last year and then it took some time to ramp up. If you look at the 60 in relationship to the expectation for the year of 100 million to 125 million, when we start to get into the second quarter we will be lapping quarters where we were building savings through 2018. And so that’s really the driver.
Maria Henry: Yes, I’ll make a comment and then Mike can jump in. We don’t give quarterly guidance but a few things that I’d say keep in mind. We have some benefits in the first quarter with the Lunar New Year happening and we typically have a strong first quarter around that. As we move into the second quarter, Kleenex will be kind of out of season in terms of cold and flu. And then the final thing as Mike mentioned earlier, the pricing just went in on diapers here in the first quarter. So I think we haven’t seen how all of this is going to play out in our numbers and we commented that we expect the second half to be somewhat in relationship to the first half. So that kind of gives you a lot of different things to think about as you think about how you’re going to layout your expectations on the quarters.
Maria Henry: Yes, the price on oil has gone up and so when we think about our outlook on commodities, overall as I went through in the beginning of the call, 10 of our puts and takes on the fiber-based commodities and other material commodities, the oil prices definitely have us watching the market. The relationship between oil prices and the exact commodities that we buy has not been as correlated as of late as it had been historically, but it certainly does have us remaining cautious on the full year outlook for the oil-based derivative materials that we’re using. So it’s kind of mixed with the sequential improvements that we’re seeing in some areas, but with the oil run up we’re just keeping an eye on it.
Maria Henry: Sure. Distribution costs were up. They continue to be inflationary for us. They were higher a year ago and distribution costs are a meaningful portion of our overall cost of sales and the outlook for the year assumes that we will have distribution inflation for the full year. But it hasn’t changed from what our position was when we talked to you in January. And I should note the increases on distribution costs are global.
Maria Henry: And then on Mexico we’re not going to comment because they haven’t released yet. But what I would say is if you look at equity company contributions it’s relatively flat year-on-year.
Michael Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Lauren. Maybe I’ll start with the last one. I probably – I’m not ready to share details on the launch this year. I will tell you it’s a premium Huggies diaper and that’s kind of the general space, and it’s consistent with our overall strategy in Personal Care overall but especially in diapers which is we think there are opportunities for us to deliver improved benefits, especially on the dimensions of comfort, fit, protection, and all the things that you would expect. I think in terms of – the overall strategy really does highlight the need for more impactful innovation and we are ramping up our efforts. And I know we just kicked off our K-C Strategy 2022 approach with our team earlier this last quarter, rolled that out with our top executives, and then we’re now deploying regional teams and cross-functional teams around the world to kind of get after it. I would tell you though that while we’re just launching it now, we’ve been kind of working it for probably the past year or so, and so some of the things that you’re seeing in market like some of the product launches or the launch we’re talking about in North America this summer are a product of some of the teams working over the past year to accelerate some of this opportunity. So overall, a big opportunity on innovation. I think with your question on natural and organic, it is – I’d say North America right now it’s still probably a niche opportunity or a smaller one to two, three share type opportunity and something that we’re going to continue to look at. I think the question around small brands and big markets like North America is a really relevant question because we still keep tabs – Maria and I still keep tabs on the food side and we know what some of the smaller brands have done there. And so I think for us there is a question about whether there’s an opportunity for us there and there may be. But we’re not ready to share details on that yet. We are doing a pretty good job on pursuing natural organic in our Korean business which that’s a market where I think is one of the most sensitive about chemicals and contaminants of any market in the world and we’ve gotten a number of brands and they’re doing very, very well and more than just a couple share points.
Michael Hsu: Yes, great question. Definitely and I think that’s the focus going forward was – I like your term faster lift and shift or we’ll say adopt and apply, but that’s part of it. And I think you will see some of that natural product flow into the U.S. perhaps in fem care later this – at some point. And then also I think this diaper that we – that I talked about that’s coming out this summer in North America really is a joint Asia-Pac North America development and a feature kind of the new way we’re trying to work which is more collaboratively around the world.
Michael Hsu: Yes, so on your first point we haven’t started selling this product in yet with customers which is why I’m not sharing that many details on it right now. I will tell you though we do have the collaborative discussions with most of our major retailers or all of our major retailers and they’re still very receptive to big brands and big innovation. They are pursuing some other opportunities. But I think we’ll work with them as partners kind of leading these categories.
Michael Hsu: Well, I guess maybe my near-term focus is on delivering the midterm objectives we outlined in January, right. And I do think maybe – and this is maybe the company culture which is we want to deliver consistent, predictable and positive earnings growth and sales growth. So I think this quarter was a solid quarter for us and we’re encouraged by it, especially encouraged by the price realization and the margin improvement, but it’s a step along the way. I will point out, Nik, though I think a couple of bright spots for us on the quarter were we saw broad improvement across a broad range of markets all improving; the U.S., Brazil, Central/Eastern Europe, ASEAN, UK, Western Europe, India. So I think we got a lot of markets heading in the right direction, so that’s a good thing. And then obviously with the pricing being on track, that’s obviously helping the shape of our P&L.
Michael Hsu: Yes, probably Ali the biggest thing is maybe a bit of a lag on Personal Care in North America, that’s probably the biggest mover and driver that we have which is we’re doing most of our pricing on diapers through a pack count change and that started rolling through at the end of the first quarter and it’s still rolling through now. And so we had a big rollover. It took a little time for us to get that lined up and so that’s probably why you’re not seeing as much price now. But that we expect will continue to improve as the year goes on.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think maybe the first point is that with regard to Q1 we are cycling a pretty big set of events that we had in the plans last year. For reference I think our volume was up almost 10% in Tissue in North America first quarter last year and overall organic was up I think over 5%. And so we are cycling that. We took those promotions out of the plan this year. So it’s not that it’s a timing difference, it’s just out of the plan. And so I think the Q1 this year therefore in that effect, I would say right now the elasticity effect is probably as we predicted. We had a separate promo change that is as predicted and so overall we’re on. I think the one thing for us to watch out is overall I think the pricing is on track and the volume is in line with our expectations to date. The one thing we are keeping our eye on is I think some of the other private labels or some of the smaller brands have not – we haven’t seen the price move up yet and so it’s a little sticky on the upswing, so we’re keeping our eye on that. We’ll be ready to adjust our plans as necessary to make sure that we protect our share long term.
Michael Hsu: Bonnie, maybe I’ll start and maybe Maria can chime in. But we’re making solid progress but we still have plenty of work to do to make sure that we have a strong 2019. So while we’re encouraged with the start there’s a lot we have ahead of us. I just said to Nik we have broad improvement across a lot of markets, we’re still in the early days of price and as I mentioned to Ali just now we are watching elasticity and alignment effects are kind of in line with our expectations, maybe even actually slightly better in D&E especially. The thing that we are watching now is competitive pricing, it does seem to be a little sticky on the way up and so we’re keeping our eye on that. So I wouldn’t know – I think we’re calling it down the middle which is what we believe and 2% for us is a reasonable number. We’ve got nine months to go. There’s a lot of work ahead for all of our teams.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think maybe a touch tilted to the back half but I would say overall fairly balanced, although I think the impact that we’re getting now is still from some of the benefits in innovation we launched last year. So we have an uptick, for example, in North American adult care where I think we’re up high single digits in the quarter organically. That was on the backs of innovation that we launched last year with this discrete sizing which has taken a little while to get traction in the marketplace but it’s getting that traction now. So I think we have a pretty robust innovation plan. It’s balanced across quarters. In terms of the accretiveness, I don’t have the exact number but I think the strategy is to elevate our categories where that means premiumizing our categories by making it worth it, so with premium innovation in general we’re aiming to move to a higher price point hopefully accretive.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Olivia, I think maybe a couple of things which is one, overall I’d say with a couple of key brands most notably in North American adult care and in diapers I think increased levels of brand investment overall and brand support. And then most specifically it is weighted to digital. And so some of the stuff that we’re seeing and the reasons why we’re growing faster perhaps in non-measured channels is the strong digital investments that we’re making in search and that’s paying strong returns for us and doing very well. We also have pretty good content now that we feel good about in terms of the messaging we’re putting out there and we’re rolling out some new advertising on Cottonelle which I think is being right now very, very effective. So overall I think we feel good about kind of where we are. We know we can do better still, but looking forward to the progress.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think that’s an overall mix. I think in Q1 maybe – and I don’t have an exact number but I would say the vast majority of it is some form of straight pricing whether it’s list or pack count changes. But I think those are probably the big buckets for us right now. We’re making progress especially in North America on trade efficiency and we have some programs there. I don’t know how much would show up in the P&L right now, but I know it’s a big priority for the organization and they’re doing a good job with it.
Michael Hsu: Okay, Andrea, maybe I’ll start with Brazil. First of all, the team’s doing a great job down there and we’re experiencing strong growth in what I would characterize is a very challenging consumer environment. Our Personal Care organic volume was up as we said about 15%. Net selling prices were up double digits and volume was up low single digits, Andrea. So I think we’re not defying the laws of gravity there or elasticity there. I think the market pricing overall is generally moving in the right direction. But I would say there’s a handful of local competitors that are lagging a little bit. The better than expected volume performance, however, is really a result of maybe great commercial execution which is strong sales execution, a great brand value proposition and good advertising I would say overall working together and that’s what the team is doing. It’s why building out commercial capability in our K-C Strategy 2022 is so important. There’s a number of markets that look like they’re defying the laws of elasticity but really it comes down to strong commercial execution and this was one of them.
Michael Hsu: Pricing was up double digits, pretty strong double digits and volume was down low single digits, but I would say way better than what the elasticity model would have said.
Michael Hsu: Steve, thanks for that question. Definitely I think strengthen in non-measured channels, overall the mega category was up about 2 points in the quarter. Our share overall as Paul mentioned was about flat. Huggies was up low single digits and I think that’s really been driven by strong product performance and as we were just talking about increased brand investment and brand support. Growth was especially strong in non-measured channels and that for us is club and primarily e-comm and club. And it’s worth mentioning we got a very strong digital program in e-commerce across all our customers and I think that’s really working a good effect right now. So we’re encouraged by the progress in Personal Care. Pull-Ups is up high single digits as well. Our adult care business is up high single digits and so it’s moving in the right direction.
Michael Hsu: I think Steve as I mentioned when we were together, I’m really excited about the growth opportunities the company has ahead of it. And really for me the three big strategies of what I call elevate the core which is premiumizing our categories with value-added innovation or capturing the growth or leading the development of developing and emerging markets and then building this consumer digital relationship I think are really kind of robust growth opportunities that are really, really good for us. I think to accelerate our progress we’ve outlined a handful of capability areas that have to do with innovation or doing a better job on innovation, sales execution, our digital execution and also revenue growth management or pricing management. So those are four big planks. I would say one of the reasons why we’re encouraged with our progress in Q1 is we’re starting to build and improving in these four areas that I just outlined on the commercial capability and it’s starting to play through. I mentioned Brazil where our 15% organic is driven by pricing but it’s also driven by strong execution. We’re seeing the same across ASEAN where we’ve got good double digit growth, price increasing but volume also going up. Central and Eastern Europe is doing the same thing. So I think overall it’s putting all these pieces together for us which is the core of the strategy and we’re going to stay focused on delivering consistent growth.
Michael Hsu: Steve, I think maybe the second part first. I would say broadly across most markets demand improved versus where it was maybe last quarter. And so if you go through the markets, CE was up about strong double digits for us; ASEAN was up double digits; obviously Brazil we already mentioned; Argentina obviously a big number; India were up double digits as well; China fem care up another strong robust double digit quarter; China diapers obviously still down but I think improving sequentially behind our new product improvements. So I think across the broad array of markets improving. And I think in North America again improved commercial execution. There probably are some distribution changes here and there and I think we made some progress in some areas. But the other part of it is better product performance. And we have made improvements broadly across diapers, across adult care both on Depend and Poise. Poise is just shipping this quarter. Our Cottonelle bath tissue, Scott Comfort Plus is all gaining increased consumer traction. So we’re feeling good about kind of the innovation piece of the puzzle.
Michael Hsu: Yes, so overall I think we feel good about where the markets are heading. We feel good about our commercial execution broadly across D&E and I think most of the volume declines were related to price changes.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I think it’s market by market but I would say as a general rule of thumb I would say the major branded competitors moved in line with us or some ahead of us and then you have some stickiness in local competitors or some of the smaller players. And so we’re keeping a sharp eye on that.
Michael Hsu: Yes. Thanks, Ali. I would say in diapers pricing is kind of about where it was last quarter. So overall for us our premium Huggies is gaining traction behind the innovation that we talked about last quarter and our fem care continues the really strong momentum. We’re really not satisfied with our performance yet but we’re making progress. Our Personal Care organic sales were down high single digit which is improvement versus the prior quarter. The competitive activity on price remains elevated. It remains kind of where pricing has been. But I think specifically in our team’s view and my view is the consumers in that market are still looking for better solutions and our improved tier 5 and 6 diapers are gaining traction. They were up significantly in volume and up in value as well. And we’ll be rolling out that technology that we put into that across other tiers and other channels this year. So we’re building for the long term and I’m really feeling good about what the team is doing there.
Michael Hsu: Well, we’re still seeing pricing suppressed and then we are getting wind of some additional product introductions. We don’t have visibility on everything yet. But obviously I think products and technology still matters a lot in China and that’s what the consumers are looking for and that’s why you’re seeing the response in this in the premium tiers.
Michael Hsu: Yes. And the other note I’ll make, Caroline, is that last quarter or at the end of fourth quarter of '18, we did have some additional expenses because of some distribution challenges. I think our team is making progress there and we are improving.
Michael Hsu: Maybe the last one first, Caroline. We do do a bit of private label right now. It’s not a strategic part of our business but it is in certain instances we will produce some private label. We generally don’t have the capacity of taking on as a big strategic bet especially given the amounts of capital we got to put in generally I think is not necessarily a great return on our capital to invest in on that type of capacity. However, I will say we’re moderating it closely because especially in North America right now in bath tissue I’d note that private label is up a bit and pricing has not moved upwards yet on a lot of private label, so we’re keeping a sharp eye on that. We’ll be able to adjust our plans if necessary.
Michael Hsu: Yes, the most two premium tiers for us, Caroline, are a little bit more than half our total Huggies diaper business.
Michael Hsu: All right. Well, we appreciate everyone’s questions today and we will speak with you next quarter. Thank you very much and have a great day. Bye.
