Mike Hsu: Thank you, Christina. I'm encouraged by our solid start to the year. We delivered organic growth of 5%, cycling 10% growth in the year-ago quarter. Category growth remain healthy, pricing execution was strong, and costs have begun to stabilize. These primary factors enabled us to continue improving gross margin resulting in a 25% increase in adjusted operating profit and a 24% increase in adjusted earnings per share. Given our Q1 performance and increasing confidence in our underlying operating plan assumptions, we're raising our 2023 EPS outlook to 6% to 10% growth. Margin recovery continues to be a top priority, and I'm pleased with the strong progress we're making. This quarter we expanded gross margin by 340 basis points versus year ago building on our momentum from the second half of 2022. While we are encouraged with our progress, we're still operating in a challenging environment, input costs have stabilized, but continue to trade well-above 2019 levels. With adjusted gross margins nearly 200 basis points below pre-pandemic levels, we'll continue to operate the cost and financial discipline. We're leaning harder into productivity and taking aggressive action to secure supply to better meet the needs of our customers. We remain committed to returning our margins to historic levels, and eventually expanding from there. We've taken a thoughtful and holistic approach to mitigating inflationary pressures, carefully balancing price realization with our focus on offering a superior value proposition. This is to enable us to meet our enduring goal of growing market share. In Q1, we continue to gain or hold share in approximately 50% of our Personal Care cohorts. We've invested in building strong revenue growth management capability and that has been critical to our agile and effective price deployment globally. Category growth has remained healthy and broad-based as the elasticity impact on volume continues to be somewhat muted. This reflects the essential nature of the categories we read. While our categories continue to grow, we see bifurcation in consumer demand. We've observed resilience and higher-income developed markets like the U.S., but also increasing demand for value in lower-income geographies, especially within D&E markets. We're meeting our consumers where they need us. As category leaders, we have a broad offering that spans value to premium. While we're continuing to see momentum in the premium tiers of our business, we're accommodating tighter budgets and more rapidly cascading innovation and product features through our portfolio, including our value offerings. Our brands offer excellent value. For parents economizing through usage, superior products like GoodNites XL overnight diapers enable their children to get a better night sleep with 35% less leaks. GoodNites serves an important need and we're stepping up our brand communications with breakthrough campaigns that highlight the superior performance and value of our offering. Advantage product technologies are key to our brand value propositions and over the past few years concerted investment in innovation has resulted in an exciting pipeline that will help us elevate and expand our categories. I'll highlight a few that you'll see later this quarter. We're refreshing Cottonelle Ultra Comfort and Ultra Clean in North America, behind a powerful insight. Half of the users in the category are dissatisfied with their existing "Soft & Strong bath tissue". We're focused on delivering a superior clean and we'll launch this initiative with some fairly provocative advertising that highlights down their care and we're talking about the real down -- their issues that we all face. Our suite of products will help address these unmet needs. In China, we're launching Kotex POLAR NIGHT, our best-ever overnight feminine pads. POLAR NIGHT offer superior protection from back leaks, one of the biggest issues for overnight users. Internationally, KC Professional is debuting our new icon collection, our most advanced towel dispensing system. ICON has fully customizable panels and ultra-high reliability enabling end-users to be more productive with labor and waste. ICON has been a hit in North America and we are excited to roll it around the world. We have more innovations to launch later this year, including exciting news on Huggies. Our teams are working hard on the innovation pipeline, we're confident we'll bring more value to our consumers while elevating our categories, and expanding our markets. In closing, we are encouraged by our strong start to the year and our momentum on the top and bottom line. We serve essential categories and demand for our brands remains healthy. We have a long runway of growth ahead of us and we're committed to delivering balanced and sustainable growth to create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. So now, I will turn it over to Nelson.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Chris, just to tack on, we're continuing to invest in our brands to drive long-term balance and sustainable growth. We're trying to create the proverbial virtuous cycle, right? And so we definitely see that this year, in that opportunity this year. Certainly, I think the good start gives us a little more room and confidence to be able to invest further. And so even beyond kind of what we had thought during the start of the year, I think we would probably look for additional opportunity because, one, we really are excited about our innovation. I highlighted a little bit of that in our prepared remarks when we have great stuff for 2023. I think there's magic coming in poop, and kind of what we can do with poop. I talked about Cottonelle with the superior clean comfort protection on diapers. So we got great news. The other thing that we're really focused on and our retail partners, I think value, is we're really focused on expanding the categories, right? And so driving trial and penetration in these categories through advertising, and that's what some of the investment will be earmarked for. And so -- and we think there's great opportunity to expand penetration, even in the most highly developed category in the world, which is bath tissue, as I highlighted. Because a lot of consumers are still unsatisfied with what the category does. So we feel like we're improving our brand propositions. We have great news. And so putting more money behind the brands, I think, will work very hard for us, and we're excited to do that this year.
Mike Hsu: Yes. And then, Kevin, I'll category -- I'll comment on the categories, and you mentioned the down trading risk. One, I'd say, through the first quarter, the categories remain healthy and the consumer remains resilient. The strong Q1, right, and probably stronger than we had anticipated at the start of the year, really on the back of category health. Just to give you a few numbers, in the North American consumer categories, overall, our categories were up about 9, so high single digit. Western Europe was up teens in consumption. Latin America was up double digits. And KC-Professional organic was up double digits in every market. And so again, I think the categories are performing well. As Nelson mentioned, the volume elasticity impact has been somewhat muted. And here's a few factors, just to give you a flavor for it. In the U.S. diaper this is category numbers, not brand numbers, category, price was up six, volume was down two. In U.S., bath tissue price was up 11 and volume was down one. And in U.S. adult care, price was up seven and volume was up four. So you can see the - I guess, the definition of any – relatively - if elasticity is below one, right? And so these - clearly, at least in the recent period, it's kind of in that range. And I think the notion is, Kevin that overall brand elasticities are higher than category elasticities, but our categories are generally relatively inelastic. And I said this example before. But if - the price goes up on bath tissue, generally doesn't mean you're going to use the bathroom less, right? And so, I think we do operate in essential categories that have less elasticity. There is some down tiering out there, but I'd say it's not broad-based. And if I can use this word appropriately, it's not necessarily monolithic either. We're definitely maintaining momentum in the premium business, in the premium tiers of our business. Especially and that's especially true in developed markets. In China our mix continue to be up high single-digit, and that's all shifting to - internally, we call our premium tiers, Tier 6 and 7. And so that momentum is proceeding. Similarly, in the U.S., we have strong momentum on our premium side. Even in a market like Brazil, the market is actually premiumizing, if you look at the mix and volume. There's more going into premium than there is, and - value is actually declining a little bit. There is - definitely is down tiering and we see that in U.S. I think private label shares were up in, I think, four of the category, which was a tick up from the prior quarter. In markets like Argentina and Peru, which is a big market for us, we are seeing some additional down tiering. So we're sensitive to it. And so for us, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're going to meet the consumers where they need us. And we're really focused on improving our value proposition, first by hitting the price points that consumers need us to be at, and that's through price pack changes. But also cascading, our innovation more rapidly through our portfolio, especially into the value tiers. And so, that's kind of where we are. I'll pause there and see if you have any follow-up.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Great question you're on it, Kevin. I mean we're seeing that in spots and so in Latin America, we're seeing a little ramp up promotion from both local players, and other multinationals, similarly in parts of Africa, for us and in a few categories in North America. Childcare pull-ups is one. Periodically, there's a secondary or tertiary brands that make a distribution push and we see that from time-to-time. And so, we see a little ramp up promotion from time-to-time. Our thing is we've priced - I mean our margins are not whole yet from pre-pandemic levels. And so, we know what we need to get to. We're prioritizing margin recovery, and we're going to be disciplined about it. And we've priced commensurate to our expectations for both input costs and what our net productivity is going to be. We've got invested a lot, a lot over the last few years in building a great revenue growth management analytic capability. And so, we're going to continue to be really agile and disciplined in our spending. But maybe the color commentary I'll give you and this is philosophical, or my business philosophy is, I'm not a fan of renting share through promotion. I mean we've seen that movie. I've seen that over-and-over in a lot of categories, including in food and everything else. And I've always got out of the renting of share business. And what I mean by that is over-promoting brands to kind of pick up shares. I'd rather earn it through the base business through advertising innovation and making the products better. And so that's kind of what our high road - internally, we call our high road strategy, which is, hey, we want sustainable growth. We're going to earn our share through a better brand value proposition, and we're going to grow category penetration over time. That doesn't get done well through trade promotion. So it will be out there. Obviously, we're going to want to be competitive. But I think for us, I think investing in advertising to grow the category and innovation is our preferred path.
Mike Hsu: Well I mean, I would hope that it comes really fast, but it's not in our call right now. And so, we have - in the past, as you covered this category for a while now, and we've seen a more rapid reversion in the past. If you recall, I think 2018, we went to a record high and then on let's say, eucalyptus. And then by 2020, we're down to maybe a 10-year low. And so, it does move around quite a bit. We haven't seen that action yet in a significant way, but I would anticipate it, so right.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I mean I think you're exactly right, and we'll definitely take that into account as we plan. Obviously, I don't want to sit here and telegraph what we plan to do on pricing in the second half of next year.
Mike Hsu: Well, let me just - I'll give you a little more perspective, Jason, because here's the deal. Look, we updated the outlook - I think it definitely reflects the strength of the first quarter relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year and our growing confidence in our underlying plan assumptions. I think we're off to a good start. And so the unset part of it is, I would say, Nelson and I, we probably had more muted expectations for our first quarter, closer to what you guys were all thinking and so hey, we had a very strong start. As I mentioned, the other underlying category performance has been healthy. The cost environment has been stable. But that said, but I would say also in the first quarter, the shape of the P&L has performed very well. And I'd say the cost - the quarter, I think, exceeding our own internal expectations pretty healthy in a way that I would say the primary drivers were volume, price and cost. So if you take those three factors, those are pretty good quality factors. Could it continue to get better? It could. But I think we've made our call on the outlook and generally it feels a little soon to call - revise our guidance up after the first quarter. But based on the strength of the first quarter, we felt like we should. But is there more room as we go through the year? There could be. But there's also a lot of volatility that remains, which is kind of why we call it the way we've called it. And so what are the down factors on volatility? We're all seeing the same reports about recessionary risk in the second half. We don't exactly know what's going to happen to the cost - input costs and currency. And so, there are a lot of factors on both the plus side and the negative side. And so we're - we feel like this is a good call for now. And we were - I think I will retain the right to change our mind later.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean Lauren we definitely think it's the right thing to do. I mean, this category is - I mean, we invented the category. Scott Paper invented roll bath tissue over 120 years ago, and it hasn't changed that much fundamentally since then. And we all know the category talks about the attributes of soft and strong and every bath tissue is a version of that. But the reality is as our team has done a harder digging, and the 50% of the consumers are dissatisfied what the products deliver for them. And so we think - the core of the issue is around a better clean. It turns out, and you may not be surprised to know this, but the vast majority of the consumption of bath tissue is female. And just by that, you can see the category doesn't set itself up that way. And so, we definitely think there's a lot of ways to innovate from a product perspective and a communication perspective to deliver better clean. You're going to see some of that in advertising. We have shared some of that with our customers. They're very excited. I think we're just on the - I think, at the beginning stages of this approach. But I think it's the right one for the category. Because it's a huge category, and there's a lot of different ways to build. But I think creating more value added and giving consumers a better way to clean is a good one.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, let me go back broader, Lauren. I mean when I came into this role back in 2019, I think I started off with saying, hey, margin expansion is a goal, right? And so we got pushed back because when I said that, I wasn't anticipating $3.7 billion of additional cost and currency headwinds. But I think the team is doing an excellent job working to offset a lot of that. And I think you saw it this quarter. And -- but right around that '20 -- I'd say, 2017, 2018, 2020 period, our tissue margins in North America did kind of hit those rates. And so our goal right now is to get back into that range. But certainly, with the strategy that I just outlined and with the overall strategy of the company, to elevate our categories and expand our markets, I think the long-term goal remains margin expansion through innovation and building up the categories.
Mike Hsu: Well, I think, Javier, I'm not exactly sure, but I suspect what you're also seeing -- you're going to see is also timing of pricing issues. I mean I think Nelson mentioned earlier, we priced relatively fast relative to other manufacturers. And so if you compare on a quarterly basis, I think you're going to see our pricing start to diminish maybe starting next quarter relative to others. But in a lot of categories, we are at least one, and in some cases, like diapers, three quarters ahead of the competition. And so I think if you line it up that way, I think it's a tough -- it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison. On Scott, we have taken significant pricing. A few rounds, including double-digit pricing over the course at the end of 2021, all the way through 2022. And including -- and I think -- well, in the first quarter as well, we took another round of pricing overall. And so I think the pricing has been extensive. I haven't looked at that specific issue, and so we may have to follow back up with you on that one.
Mike Hsu: Great question. Yes, so revenue is now above pre-pandemic levels, mostly because of pricing volume is still below, I would say, in the '80s, right? As a percentage, if you say, hey, the comparison is versus 2019 levels. A couple of things. One is I don't -- I think I said this in a prior call, I think it was before you started covering this. But I don't expect it to come all the way back because we all can see our own workplaces that the offices are not full. And with work from home, I don't expect that in the near term. Do we expect to get that volume back over time? Yes, in a different way, though. We have to pursue other channels and class of trade to build that business back. But do I expect to get that back over time? Or not even back, to grow our volume from where it is today? Yes. In terms of structural changes, we -- there may be some tweaks for us. But the thing for us is we were using a lot of external capacity to kind of support our business during that period. And so I would say the fixed cost overhang is probably less than you might imagine.
Mike Hsu: Yes, definitely a preference to invest back, especially behind strong commercial programs and stuff that we have for this year, so -- which we're all very excited about. And as I was mentioning to Jason, let's see how it goes in the second quarter and definitely reserve the right to think about it again.
Mike Hsu: You're exactly on the right, a great issue for us to focus on. I mean we're pleased overall with our start. And I'm definitely very pleased with the margin recovery. We're not pleased with our market share performance. And so in Personal Care, we were up an even in about half, a little softer than we would like overall. And then if you say, hey, that was personal care. For the business overall, it was a little bit below that, right? And so we were coming off of 2020 and 2021 where we're up in over two-thirds. And so we kind of get used to that. So we're not that pleased with about half or just slightly under half. And so we know we got to get better. I would say though, Steve, it definitely comes with -- or the share softness definitely comes with moving fast on pricing. And what's happened is we've been -- other manufacturers have lagged significantly our pricing. I was just mentioning to Javier in some categories in North America diapers, for example. We didn't equalize on price until nine months after our price -- our first price move. And so I think there's been that lag effect that some competitors have used that interim period to kind of pick up a little share. That's part one. And then I'd say we're still working through a few hotspots. I mean, not everything is working perfectly within this company. And so we flagged last quarter. Hey, we've got some businesses in Southeast Asia. Certainly, you might understand with Eastern Europe and the ongoing effects of the war, we're still building our business back in Ukraine. And so there has been some softness in some markets. We're on it. But definitely, we earn the game for long-term market share gains, and that's an ongoing goal for us. And while the market share was okay in the quarter, we weren't happy with it.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you all for taking the time to be with us today. Again, we feel very good about our solid start to the year, and we look forward to seeing you in the second quarter.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. Just to build on what Mike was saying, Chris, a few things. So the majority of our cost headwind, and that's just the now $100 million to $200 million, would have hit us in Q1. We don't expect it to be too significant for the balance of the year. In fact, we do expect that to begin subsiding as we go into the back half of the year. And to your question specifically on are we going to see further gross margin gains as the year progresses, the answer is yes. I mean, we expect gross margin to continue to gain as we go through the year. This marks the second quarter in a row that we expand gross margins, and by not an insignificant amount versus the prior year. And as a reminder, the last time that had happened had been eight quarters ago, if you step back in time. So we are very encouraged by the progress made. A couple of things to keep in mind are the fact that we were early in terms of pricing. So we will begin to lap some of the pricing as we go into the second half of the year. Hence, why some of the increases that we've seen in last quarter and this quarter in gross margin in terms of absolutes, we don't expect that to remain. We do expect to exit Q4 at a higher gross margin than what we delivered in Q1. And that really puts us on good track to get back to our pre-pandemic level gross margin of roughly 35% that we saw in 2019. In addition to that, we continue to have a very healthy pipeline of productivity, and the team is focused on managing through all the levers to drive the margin recovery that we've committed to and then start expanding from there.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So a couple of things. We have seen an acceleration in the last two quarters, and it's been fairly strong. So I don't expect that to sustain because, as I said, two things. One, costs will subside as we go into the second half, but pricing will also subside because we'll lap it. The good news is we do expect to be continuing to gain as the year progresses. So yes, it will continue to be a straight line, but the slope will change, and it will get a little bit more muted, and it's as expected. But going to the investment philosophy, I think it's important to highlight that this quarter, we increased our investment behind the brands and innovation versus prior year, 60 basis points. And as you remember, when we gave the outlook back in January, we said that for the full year, we were expecting at least about 100 basis points of investment. You would have seen in our prepared remarks that we have a very strong pipeline of innovation that's been put into market, and we are supporting it as we speak. And this is really the key. And our philosophy, even with all the headwinds that we were facing last year and the prior year has been that we're in this for the long run. We don't go for the quarter. So we go for the long run, and we've been around for 150 years and counting. And the key has been, we've been very disciplined about investing. We've been disciplined about our costs. But we do expect, Chris, as the year progresses to step up our investments. Hence, why I'm highlighting the fact that we saw 60 basis points of investment increase. But for the full year, we are expecting about 100 basis points when it's all said and done.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build on that last point, Andrea. For this year, still taking into account only commodities and ForEx at the midpoint of our guidance, we're talking of another $0.5 billion. So it's not an immaterial amount, albeit if we look at the prior two years, we were talking $3.2 billion. So net-net, based on the outlook for this year, when it's all said and done, we have about $3.7 billion of headwinds that we've had to manage over the last three years when the year is done. So they remain high. Commodities remain elevated. ForEx remains volatile. Again, we're seeing green shoots, but that's the watch out. We still have disruptions in Europe. We still have items that we're maneuvering through, but we are seeing some of the items also improve in things like transportation and energy to some extent. So again, we need to take it in strides in a quarter at a time as we progress.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes, so for gross margins, Jason, at the very least, we're expecting to expand them around 230 basis points year-over-year. Because remember, we're expanding at the midpoint of our guidance, operating margin by 130 basis points. We took that up 50 bps versus our prior outlook. And we are putting in the incremental on 100 bps at least of investments into the brands. So that would put the year-on-year gain in gross margins at about 230 at the bottom.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yes. Let me -- Javier, that's a great question. And if it helps, build a bridge as to why where we're at right now and the recovery path that we've had on margins. So based on our outlook for this year and the guidance that we're providing, we would have -- we will be pricing -- we will be realizing revenue growth management of around 85% of that $3.7 billion, give or take, just to give you a sense of what we've put in place when this year is done 36 months through. So obviously, that doesn't get you there on a one-to-one basis to recover margins. And that's why our cost-saving initiatives in force come into play in addition to our accretive innovation, which is part of our design to value and the other initiatives that we have in place with the commercial team. But I hope that provides some perspective.
