Mark A. Buthman: Thanks Paul and good morning. Let’s start with some headlines. First we achieved organic sales growth of 5%. It was highlighted by 11% growth in developing and emerging markets. Second, we delivered strong cost savings, margin improvements and growth in adjusted earnings per share. And third we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways.  So let’s cover the details of our results. First quarter sales were $4.7 billion, down 4% including a nine point drag from currency rates. Our underlying organic sales rose 5%. Adjusted gross margin was 35.6% in the first quarter, that’s up 140 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted operating profit was up 7% versus a year ago with an operating margin of 17.4%. That’s up a 180 basis points compared to the prior year.  I am really encouraged by our margins and our cost savings performance, as we start the year. We delivered $90 million of FORCE cost savings and we are off to a very good start relative to our full year target for savings of at least $300 million. In addition our organizational restructuring is on track and generated $10 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were at $10 million of savings in the quarter. Commodities were a $10 million benefit in the quarter, that’s the first time in more than two years that we experienced cost deflation.  On the other hand we absorbed significant currency headwinds. The total earnings drag from currency was approximately $0.25 per share or about 19% in the quarter. On the bottom line first quarter adjusted earnings per share were a $1.42. That’s a strong start to the year and up 8% compared to last year. Now turning to cash flow, our cash provided by operations in the first quarter was $20 million. That’s compared to $437 million last year. The decline was primarily due to higher pension contributions, currency effects and operating working capital and the impact of last year’s spin-off of our healthcare business. In February we made contributions which we financed by a debt offering to our U.S. pension plan in conjunction with the annuity transaction that we announced. As a result of these contributions we now expect that cash provided operations in 2015 will be down somewhat year-on-year. In terms of primary working capital first quarter cash conversion cycle was down seven days compared to full year 2014. So we are ahead of our three to four day improvement objective for the year. Now moving to capital allocation, first quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled $0.5 billion. We continue to provide a top tier dividend payout among our peers and in February we announced our 43rd consecutive annual increase in the dividend. As we mentioned in this morning’s news release in the first quarter we acquired the remaining interest in our subsidiary in Israel for $150 million. As a result we are now targeting full year share repurchases in a range of $700 million to $900 million. Full year dividends and share repurchases should be at least $2 billion or about 5% of our current market capitalization. Now I will highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter, in Personal Care, organic sales rose 6%. Performance was led by developing and emerging markets with organic sales up 16%. Overall Personal Care operating margins were 19.7% in the quarter. That’s up 50 basis points year-on-year.  Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up a point, including strong bathroom tissue volumes in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 18.5% were up 330 basis points year-on-year, with a strong cost savings performance and lower between the line spending. And lastly, K-C Professional organic sales increased 7%. Organic sales were up 8% in developing in emerging markets and 4% in North America. The total KCP segment top line also benefited from sales of nonwovens to Halyard Health in conjunction with a limited term supply agreement. Overall KCP margins were 16.9%. That was even with a year ago. So that wraps up my comments. To recap we are off to a strong start in the first quarter led by organic sales growth at the high end of our 3% to 5% full year target. We delivered strong cost savings, improved margins and growth in adjusted earnings per share and we continue to focus on allocating capital in shareholder friendly ways. Now I will turn it over to Tom.
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, I mean a lot of it was in the U.S. where we were plus five in volume. It was very strong quarter good execution, Cottonelle continued to do well, and some of it was in the non-measured outlets where you would see, or you wouldn’t necessarily see it in the Nielsen data and then we called out kind of a VIVA Vantage launch and so good strong growth there. And typically it’s a strong facial tissue selling season. Facial tissue was okay, although it was being driven more by Cottonelle’s Scott, Bath and Viva towels.
Mark A. Buthman: No, it’s probably the comps are getting little easier. We are up about a share point sequentially, but the re-launch of our main line Huggies didn’t really start to roll until mid-March and it will roll through the end of April and so the better price getting on-shelf, we are getting better, better execution at store, stronger advertising claims are coming. So I think we'll have to see how that plays out over the balance of the year more than, than we saw in the first quarter. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Chris, as the year progresses typically we build our cost savings program, so to start a year $90 million is really a good result coming out of the gate and it's a combination of leveraging our global sourcing organization, productivity and waste improvements and then a big contributor in the quarter was product design, which are the three typical buckets that we have. I would say the other thing is our operations are performing very well. So if you think about tissue, when we run tissue machines full I know they have low waste and high productivity. There is really good absorption. We actually don't see that element coming through in FORCE. So I would say it's just a combination of good start to the year in cost savings and just overall good operations. 
Mark A. Buthman: We will get pretty good momentum, but the comps gets little tougher in the back half, as you recall we finished pretty strong in the second half of last year and so particularly in some of the emerging markets we will see that happen. While everyone is talking about the China slowdown we haven’t seen it yet in our business, but it is affecting some other competitors. So that’s something we will watch as well. We've got aggressive product innovation plans going there.  First quarter on the volume front in places like Eastern Europe we had some big price increases that took place on April 1. So we had a little bit more volume that went in the first quarter. On the other hand we will get the benefit of those price increases in the subsequent quarters. So we still should see some organic growth a little bit more of volume in place.  So overall I would say we feel pretty optimistic and we kept the same range. As you said it’s early in the year and this increases the confidence that we can achieve our plan for the year and maybe even give us the opportunity to think about areas that we could reinvest to set up for an even stronger 2016. So it’s nice place to be at this point in the year. 
Mark A. Buthman: I think we made a really strong first quarter in the emerging markets on the cost savings front and so that was a big plus, for some places we have had big currency headwinds. Those teams are looking at price and cost savings to make sure they can try to give us cost to the US dollar [indiscernible] as they can and I think that also helped get us off to a good start. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, typically that’s what we would disclose that they would aim at. In some individual markets they may have local currency targets that they aim at but at a regional level they all are measured on a dollar basis.
Mark A. Buthman: I mean that their goal is to grow at or better than the underlying growth rate in the local market and close the margin gap overtime. So I think you just saw us making progress on the first quarter.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Brain on Halyard that 3% impact which we reported as mix and other in KCP as kind of less than half of their organic growth for this quarter. So it was an important component, but it wasn’t really the underlying driver and the agreement will run for two years and I'm sure there is a small markup on that. I'm sure the Halyard team’s looking for alternative supplies as quickly as they can but the agreement commitment is two years.
Mark A. Buthman: And I would say Bill that our categories are largely local. Our stuff doesn’t ship long distances. So you might get some currency change like on commodity inputs and things but largely the battle is fought locally and I think with our model we’re set up to do that as well as anybody. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I would say Bill to that the market is still growing at very healthy rates. I mean it’s down from where it was but our team still is very excited and executing well in bricks and mortar but e-com is the only place where they have -- we’ve invested a lot and were over indexed. And as Tom said that’s probably the place where we have driven more of the relative share gains. I think the category is still growing at high single to low double-digit. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, so we’re growing at a multiple of that and city expansion is a piece of it but I would say e-com and channel expansion’s the bigger component. 
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, no, Javier, I think currency when you look at the absolute dollars, currency is a big, a big shift. We obviously, if you look at the difference between gross margin and operating margin we have got some between the lines efficiencies that the business are driven but currency’s probably the biggest impact.
Mark A. Buthman: Switching to Adult care, we know for a long time that a lot of women that have white water leakage issues, and one in three women at some point in their life experience white water leakage, that they have used fem care as a solution and so given that we have a much larger share with our Poise brand in that space than we do in fem care we would love to shift into that space as a better solution and it’s a place where we are going to get more than our fair share of those new consumers.  And so you are seeing a little bit of that, of the growth and Poise has been a bit of a decline in the Fem Care category and overall we should benefit from that and consumers will get a better solution for the issues that they are trying to treat.
Mark A. Buthman: Well, I am just grateful to work for Kimberly-Clark. I have a cold today. So I have the world’s softest facial tissue right at hand and also have anti-viral, so I don’t transmit my germs to my fellow conference call mates. I have had a good fortune that to build a career at a great company like Kimberly-Clark and work with great leaders like Tom, who always got the best out of me, work with great people like our investors, our Board of Directors, the leadership team that Tom has, my leadership team and it’s been a very good one.  I am really proud of what we have accomplished but I am also optimistic about the future. Tom has made a great selection for my successor. Maria is fantastic and she is going to see opportunities that quite frankly being around for long time, I just didn’t see. And so I am optimistic about the future and committed to helping Maria and the new GSLT [ph] get started up. So thanks for your support and thanks as always for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
Thomas J. Falk: I think that’s an interesting call. As you look around the world you are still seeing some inflation in some markets, and so as local currencies are really around places like Argentina for example or even Brazil, and so we had 10 million of deflation in the quarter which is good and we think that our guidance of 50 to 150 for the year is probably the right ballpark.  I think given that last year we had close to $250 million of inflation and didn’t fully recover price on that front, I hope that prices will be a little sticky on the way down. I think the other big driver historically has been pulp, and pulp is not moving around as much as the oil-based commodities and pulp has probably driven pricing more than any of the other commodities overall.
Thomas J. Falk: It’s tough to get full reflection of the translation impact of currency. So if you can get the most of the transaction impact covered you are doing reasonably well and so in most of these markets we are seeing that. We are getting the transaction partially or mostly covered, but we are not covering the full translation impact.
Thomas J. Falk: Lot of this is really stuff that happened last year and so it’s preferred [ph] to being annualized. It started in second quarter, we sort of stepped up in third quarter. So it’s really more the comparison. I wouldn’t say it’s gotten significantly or sequentially. You will see some pockets where there are some lower price points but overall I would say it’s been pretty consistent.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I wouldn't say we've seen a ton yet, as I think a lot of retailers I've talked to, have said that a lot of the lower fuel prices either been saved or has been spent inside the gas station buying an extra cup of coffee or something like that and so I wouldn't say we've seen that in category demand. So the trends have been pretty stable. It's not getting worse but it's not, we're not seeing a big shift up either at this stage.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, I was talking to our KCP guys recently. We just had a big meeting with lot of their U.S. distributors and they were more bullish. I mean they're seeing the continued slow steady growth in the U.S. economy, the job growth maybe it's been disappointing to some but it's been positive and pretty consistent and so they were more bullish this year, and I think last year with the top weather in the Northeast which we call out as a reason why -- partly while we were down it was still a tough winter but it wasn't as bad as it was last year. So everybody had a little bit stronger start to the year which was good. 
Thomas J. Falk: I'll let Mark dive into the cost savings numbers, just a little bit, but essentially Chris if you think about it gross profit essentially was flat year-on-year. Sales were down 4%. So gross margin was up 180 basis points. So essentially it took cost savings, volume benefits, selling price increases all of that collectively to cancel out the translation and transaction impact on currency and so we had a great start on cost savings and maybe Mark can add a little color on where we over delivered on the $90 million. 
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think a couple of things. The super-premium end of that business end of that business has grown really well and had a very strong first quarter. All of our share improvement sequentially was in the super premium and we saw great innovation, winning products out there and strong claims and saw that continue. I think on the Snug and Dry the mainline business we have a much stronger plan this year than we had last year, better product on shelf, stronger advertising claims and we have got a better retail execution plan with more distribution, more feature and display activity. And so we will watch and see how that plays out. Again we didn’t lose all the share in one swoop, and so I am sure it won’t all come back in one quarter, but I do expect to make steady progress and see some improvement in that business this year.
Thomas J. Falk: Olivia you have taken a page out of the CFO handbook. Take good performance and just annualize it and so for us we did have a good start to the year, I would say, given that the nature of the environment that we are dealing in with all the currency challenges and competitive challenges around the world, the teams really were focused on savings as a lever that we control heading into the year and we sort of decided while it’s a good start to the year to hold our outlook for the year, phasing should typically get better, but we started a little faster. So we will give you an update when we get to the second quarter and it feels good to start but we are going to keep delivering.
Thomas J. Falk: Lauren I think as you know we have been -- we have really been working hard on this over the years and we did the tissue restructuring several years ago, that had us exit some businesses and close some tissue facilities. We did the European restructuring which had us exit diapers but also had us shape our tissue portfolio. So we have really been trying to focus our business in the higher margin targeted growth areas of that business and we have been making steady progress on the margin front. It feels pretty good to be here and I think the team is excited and is looking for areas where they can invest behind great brands in profitable ways to keep that momentum going.
Thomas J. Falk: Yeah, I would say because in many markets you have transaction impacts like in Western Europe and Australia it’s very difficult to get any selling price and there has been a pretty good size currency hit in markets like that. In places like Brazil and Russia and Ukraine we probably had a better opportunity to close the transaction gap, but overall a combination of cost saves, volume growth, pricing we have been able to offset the currency impact.
Thomas J. Falk: A little bit more on the Poise side, less on the Depend side. We are launching more innovation this year and are aggressively competing and promoting as is our primary competitor. And so I think private label and the other small branded player have lost more than their fair share and the -- and the category growth has picked up. So we saw solid high single digit category growth which may be a little over stated because of the amount of couponing that’s out there in the marketplace, but it is still a strong performance. 
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean North America, it’s essentially Club is the biggest non-scan channel and we are probably underweight historically in Club and tissue products. And so that’s been an area that we’ve been trying to crack into with Cottonelle and VIVA and Scott Tissue and things like that and so had some success in the first quarter and that enabled some of that growth. If you look more broadly, particularly in Asia e-commerce is probably by far the biggest non-track channel that we’re outperforming in relative to the track channels. So Korea and China in particular would be places where we’d see a lot better growth in the track channel. 
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean it’s a tough competitive market place out there Bill as you’ve noted and pretty much everybody wants the ER launched somewhere. So we’ve got strong global competitors. We’ve got some strong local competitors and so we kind of have good innovation in the competitive on price and execute well everyday to keep it going, and so we see that with some other things that Procter is doing on diaper pants that we’d also would say Unicharm and Kao in many ways have still the best performing products that we benchmark against and so we’re up against those guys in lots of different places and I'm really proud of the way the teams have executed and got better performing products with good execution in market. 
Thomas J. Falk: It’s tough. I think if you look sequentially I think our city counts didn’t change much if you look versus the first quarter last year it’s 105 versus 90 last year. But I’ll also tell you e-com probably was the bigger growth factor than the city count change and so some of that is category penetration or channel growth that’s helping those consumers get products in a different way but Mark was just in China about a month ago, so he’s probably got more relevant snapshot of what you saw when you were over there so maybe you can give us some local color.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, our China team is working with our e-com customers to figure out and cost out the whole supply chain. So we’ve done some of that in larger cities as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Our marketing, the SG&A overall, the top line I mean on advertising spend standpoint we were down 10 basis points versus as a percent of sales, versus prior year but it was basically 10 balance sheet higher than the average of advertising spend for the full year of last year. So it was in the ball park of what we would expect around 4% of sales. On the SG&A probably had a little bit of currency benefit that would affect it but maybe Mark’s got some additional color on that.
Thomas J. Falk: I guess I’d say we have been getting the distribution started in mid-March and we should be in about 80% of channels by late April and that’s really when you will start to turn on more of that marketing effort at that point of time. We are probably seeing a little bit better consumption data then I would say, you are quoting from the data that you are seeing but it is still early days on the re-launch at this point.
Thomas J. Falk: Two factors, I mean yeah, I would say two-thirds of it was, or 25% of it was volume and the balance, the 30% of it was price. So some big price increases. Some of the volume was buying ahead of an April 1 price increase but I think if you talk to that team it’s a double-digit volume growth in Eastern Europe, is the right way to think about what they are aiming at for the year and then they attempting to get as much prices they can to offset the currency impact.
Thomas J. Falk: Eastern Europe you would see less volume growth but we will get the benefit of the price increase that went in. So I wouldn’t necessarily assume that you will see a big deceleration.
Thomas J. Falk: 55 is probably higher than you typically expect to see going forward. So you will see some deceleration on Eastern Europe overall, but I think emerging markets should still have another strong quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Let me take the cost savings one first. John, I think it’s how the math works and little bit of programming. So typically we will work out an annual budget cycle and the teams are focused on kind of annual incremental programs and you are exactly right. The programs that we had in place last year don’t stop. They are delivering but we also launch and think creatively about new programs to kind of help us hit our near-term target and I think it’s just a matter of the phasing as we go to those. The underlying programs sort of roll in to your base and then you are looking to build on top of that as we go.  So you look at cumulative cost savings overtime, that’s a pretty big number, but they build on each other overtime. And it’s just kind of the way the planning process goes and how the businesses behave.
Thomas J. Falk: So usually I get the last word on these calls, but since this is Mark’s last call I am going to throw it to Mark and let Mark have the last word today.
