Tom Falk: Thanks, Paul, and good morning everyone. I'd like to be the first to congratulate Mike Hsu on his upcoming move to become Chief Executive Officer of Kimberly-Clark. So congratulations, Mike. The Board of Directors and I have been working on this succession plan for several years, and it was my recommendation that Mike is the right choice and now is the right time. So this is a carefully planned and natural transition. And I'm confident Mike is the right leader to build on Kimberly-Clark's nearly 150-year legacy of caring for the needs of people around the world while delivering top-tier performance. He is passionate about our people, our brands and our businesses, and he has a deep understanding of what it takes to win in the marketplace. Now, let me hand the call over to Mike.
Tom Falk: And Ali, I would just add that margins were up sequentially in that business by 30 basis points, and so that's in line with what we were expecting given that the pricing, as Mike has said a couple of times, hasn't come in to the market yet.
Tom Falk: Steve, maybe I'll start since I haven't answered the question for a while, and you have to listen to the sound of my voice a little while longer, but I guess I would say -- I'll let Mike build on this is that I don't think it was ever pointed as bad as investors thought it was, and I think every retailer that I've called -- I know Mike would probably echo this, they want to hear from you, how you are going to help them grow their category, and how you are going to help execute their strategies. And so, as long as you are bringing value to that conversation and bringing innovation and putting it behind brands that are important to consumers that shop in their stores, you are going to have a pretty constructive conversation, where you have challenges with retailers as if your innovation isn't working, your service is lousy or those kinds of things. Those are the most difficult discussions, and thankfully, we usually stack up pretty well on that front. I think most of the retailers, they read the business newspapers and know what's happening to commodity costs and know what's happening to exchange rates. And so, they aren't shocked when you when you come in with a pricing conversation. I think the -- where you really start to get their attention though is when you pivot to talking about innovation and what you are going to do to make the category bigger and how you are going to close the execution with a customer in their store, but Mike, maybe you can build on that.
Tom Falk: Okay, Wendy, I will start on the et cetera, et cetera part, and then let Mike hold it. I guess I would come -- maybe coming back to the tax rate discussion, some of that is a discrete activity putting the extra $100 million in the pension plan, which we get to deduct that last year's tax rates created a tax benefit that was one-time deal, really as part of the whole new tax bill and figuring out what options you have under that to create shareholder value was clearly a separate discussion. As you look at the investment behind the business, I mean, we're more or less investing on plan behind the right innovation in the right market. So I would say let's show up and share, I mean I think we're up in high 50s of category country intersections that we track, and feel like we're generally investing at about the right levels. We're also generating a significant amount of non-working media savings as part of the restructuring, a lot of that's been reinvested in advertising and promotion activities. And so, I think the team is pivoted to driving price increases in the back-half which we need. There are times where you may be focused on that, and miss some other opportunities, but I still think that's the right thing to be focused on, but I'll let Mike build on that.
Tom Falk: I don't know if this will make you feel any better, Wendy, we are not going to -- I think we are not disclosing this, but in the quarter, our advertising spend was above the full-year average by a small amount. So we're spending at the right levels even in this quarter.
Tom Falk: And Steve, I will just add that we just want to be present with the right offer and the right product mix wherever mom wants to shop. And so, we are doing a lot of e-comm. We are also doing a ton of a lot of our brick and mortar retailers who are doing click and collect. And we're -- that's not really captured in any of our data, but every retailer we serve is working on that. And so, yes, we really want to make sure we've got the right part, the right offer wherever mom is looking to do her shopping and that's really overall strategy.
Tom Falk: Yes, on the - on the competitive front, Andrea, I think the I would say is in North America, I think it's mixed performance. But overall I think improving. And if you take North America infant and childcare, obviously I have mentioned that the category trends are improving, but the category trends were improving I think because of our performance. More recently our share is up about a poiny the quarter. Huggies volume was up mid-single digit, Pull-ups volume or childcare volumes were up low double digits. And so we feel good about where that is. And I think the category is responding well to innovation that we put out there. I think in consumer tissue one of the big things is that we have been dialing back in our promotional activity. And that does come with some volume and share impacts. The big challenge given all the commodity inflation this year, it's a significant headwind. And I think the team has a done a good job chopping that back. But one of the levers they have pulled is pricing both in terms of sheet count reductions but also including promotion reductions. And so that's what we are seeing some of the effects there. And then the other that I mentioned, yes, adult care has been challenge. I think it was down about 3 points in share. And that's kind of the big focus area for us where we need to improve.
Tom Falk: And then, Steve, I'll chime in on that one. I would say two things, one is physical store environment, you get to interact with the product. And so you can see packaging. You may not be able to necessarily touch and feel the product, but you know what you are getting whereas online you know you are getting if you are buying a brand but may not know what you are going to get on private label. So it is little bit of a hurdle on that front. And then secondly, I mean a large super seller may have a 50 to 100,000 items in distribution, and e-tailer may have a couple million items on their distribution. So this is a complexity of managing private label across a number of different categories is not trivial and that could be another factor.
Tom Falk: Yes, I'll start. Is it intentional? Absolutely. So, typically we would like all of our innovation to be mixed accretive. And to your further point about pricing challenges, and if you can't get price easily you try to give mixed. And so, the teams will try to up-sell the better value performing item. And so, our sales teams are absolutely motivated by that. Now sometimes you can see mixed drag as the business grows in some of the larger format packs, which can be a countervailing force on that, but by and large, we would hope day-in and day-out, we're doing some things that will give us some improvement on mix and offset some of the headwinds that we face from growth in other channels.
Tom Falk: All right. We appreciate everyone's questions this morning. We'll conclude the call, and we look forward to speaking with you in January. Everybody have a good day.
Mike Hsu: Good morning, everyone. First, I'd like to thank you, Tom, for your tremendous leadership of Kimberly-Clark over the past 35 years, especially the last 16 years as CEO. And during your tenure, you really transformed KC into one of the world's leading consumer products companies. You've also been a great mentor to me, and I'm honored to lead this great company, and I'm excited about our future. So now, back to the business at hand, I'm going to turn the call over to Maria to talk about the third quarter results.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thanks, Maria. As most of you know, while the overall environment remains challenging, especially the commodity inflation and currency volatility, in the near-term, we are responding by aggressively managing our business up and down the P&L. At the same time, we continue to execute our long-term strategies to deliver sustainable growth. As we mentioned in this morning's news release, we are confirming our previous outlook for our key top and bottom line financial targets. On the top line, we continue to target organic sales growth of approximately 1%. That's equal to our actual performance through nine months. I am encouraged that we are making progress improving net selling prices. Pricing went from being down 1% in the first half to up 1% in the third quarter, and that's consistent with what we said in July when we indicated that pricing should be modestly positive in the back-half of the year. And in mid-August, we announced price increases on the majority of our consumer business in North America. Many of those increases will start to go into effect in the first quarter of 2019. Realizing higher selling prices will be important next year given that recent commodity forecast and foreign currency rates imply pretty significant headwinds again in 2019. Now, looking at commodities and currencies for 2018, we expect these factors will negatively impact our adjusted operating profit by slightly more than the 20% to 25% range we assumed in July. That's mostly because of the recent weakness in many foreign currencies, especially in Latin America. In addition, our commodity inflation outlook is a bit higher on average, and so, as a result our teams are further reducing cost and raising selling prices. In addition, as Maria mentioned, our outlook for this year's tax rate has improved. All in all, we continue to target bottom line adjusted earnings per share of 660 to 680 for the year. That's up 6% to 9% year-on-year. So let me wrap up with the following. First, I am extremely proud of the 40,000 KC employees around the world who are committed to our vision to lead the world in who are committed to our vision to lead the world in essentials for a better life. We have a strong senior leadership team in place to help lead this company forward. Second, while the current environment is challenging, I'm optimistic about the long-term opportunities we have to grow our brands around the world. And third, our teams are focused on improving our business, winning in the marketplace, and creating long-term shareholder value. So, that concludes our prepared remarks. And now, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Maria, maybe I'll comment on the first part. I think overall -- well, I think globally I would say our pricing overall is on track and that we're cautiously optimistic about the progress we're making, and that we will make progress, and you're probably well aware, we've taken pretty significant actions, especially in North America, Europe, and Latin America. North America and Europe, I think generally mid to high single-digit price increases on the brands we have increased prices on, and in Latin America, generally double-digit. At retail in North America, we've had the wide range of discussions that you'd probably expect us to have, but I think we're all in agreement that we're going to try to move forward and minimize the potential disruptive impact on consumers. But we recognize that the market does need to move upward. And right now, we're cautiously optimistic that the market is moving in the right direction. With regard to the D&E, I think it is a challenge. I mean, one of the headlines is the Argentinean consumer is highly stressed, and we are raising prices double-digits to offset both the commodity impacts and also the currency impacts. I mean, year-on-year in the diaper category the diaper price will increase almost 100% for this year, while their wages have increased generally about a quarter of that. So it's a challenge, but we are doing what we need to do to manage this business.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I'm trying to -- obviously we're not satisfied with our performance right now in China. It remains our biggest long-term opportunity, but it's also a complex market and it's got its challenges. I think the team is pulling on all the right levers that you would want them to pull. And that starts with improving the product. And we are excited about the product enhancements we've made in the line, but that said, pricing did come down in the middle of Q2, and we're going to be competitive on price in that marketplace, but we believe -- I don't really believe that market out in China is commoditizing. We are seeing consumers still interested in new products and product quality. That said, a number of manufacturers have pulled pricing down, and so we're going to need to be competitive. But I do view it as a challenge. It's going to be ongoing for a while in the near-term, but long-term it's a big growth market. Volume for the year-to-date has been up high single digits, the challenge has been the pricing.
Mike Hsu: One, I think the simple answer, Jason, is no. I think we're doing a -- the teams are doing a great job getting more efficient at cost. We had a very big global restructuring that we announced in the beginning of this year that is proceeding very, very well. I think we are identifying a lot of good opportunities for us to improve our efficiency. But however, we're still going to spend and we are spending this year in the right areas, product innovation, marketing programs, and sales execution are critical growth drivers for us, and that we feel like we're invested in the right areas. But we also had identified opportunities for us where we weren't spending efficiently, and we're managing that better, but Maria, any additional…
Mike Hsu: Yes. I think I'll note further, Jason, is I think overall, I think our in-market performance in most geographies is improving, especially in big markets and our big businesses in North America Consumer I think are getting better in diapers and in parts of Consumer Tissue. I think in many of our D&E markets, with one notable exception, China being that one, are having a good performance in their markets. So I think we are investing in the right places.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean the trajectory will go up in the next few quarters. I think the challenge has been we announced our pricing in mid-August. And obviously most of that has not taken root yet. We did have net selling prices in Consumer Tissue up a couple of points this quarter in North America, which was good progress. That was related to some of the innovation and the desheet that we made more at the beginning of the year. So we've got more price increases coming through, generally mid to high single digits in North America, and we'll start to see that generally take place in the first quarter of 2019. And that includes Personal Care as well. And then in developing and emerging markets we have made significant progress, particularly in Latin America, but we've got huge currency headwinds there, and in Europe.
Mike Hsu: Yes, interesting side note, I think if you add up and look at the quarter results, which that the breakdown is pricing and cost savings generally offset commodities. It was the unexpected hit in currency that probably left that a little soft there.
Mike Hsu: Yes, let me come back to -- I'll address the Argentina. I think in Latin America we've taken fairly broad price increases in many markets, and most notably also Brazil. So it's more than just Argentina. And then Ali, I wasn't clear about your question about North America consumer tissue.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think in the quarter, obviously and the North America Consumer Tissue team has done a nice job trying to offset a lot of it. And it's a pretty big hit from a commodity impact. They've offset, I would say, about half of it. But obviously that's not good enough, and therefore -- which is why we did the initial price move in August, and we'll start to see that impact starting in January.
Mike Hsu: Yes. And then maybe with regard to your third quarter, strategic direction, I'll give you a couple of thoughts. Right now I'm still focused on the job I'm in, which is we got to finish '18 strong, and so that's kind of where the focus is. We will have plenty of opportunity to talk strategic direction as this transition occurs, so I'll share more then. But I'll give you just a couple of thoughts, a few things. Here's what's not going to really change going forward, which is, one, we're going to continue to manage the business in a shareholder-friendly way or the focus on our shareholders. We're going to continue to operate with the balance on long-term perspective on what drives shareholder value. And the core tenants, as you would expect, Ali, I mean, it's a CPG business, so we're going to focus on innovation, brand building, in-market execution, and cost savings. And those are kind of the four areas that every company kind of manages. I think it's kind of how you assemble them. And so when you talk about maybe where the strategic emphasis is, I will tell you a couple of thought-starters that we've been working on. One is we've got big businesses in big developed markets. And I think we have -- they're inherently slower growing, but I think we have a big opportunity to elevate those categories and premiumize those categories, and make those categories worth paying more for. And the great thing that we have in our categories is we've got actual performance differences, and where performance really matters. So elevate our core business is the key opportunity for us. The other big opportunity obviously is the developing and emerging market potential. We need to continue to lead the world in driving our Personal Care business across D&E markets. It's a multi-billion-dollar opportunity over a long time. And I think we can do a better job driving the weight of that in our portfolio, and also how we lead market development across the important markets for us. The third big area is on the digital and ecommerce front. I think it can have a transformative impact on our business. I think our business really matters to our consumers and our retailers because of the ring they're spending in our categories, the frequency they're using it, and the long duration they earn our categories. And so we're going to really look to focus on how we transform our business through digital and ecommerce. So those are a couple of thought-starters. I don't know if that answers your question.
Mike Hsu: I think, Bonnie, overall, about on track for us. I mean, year-to-date we're up about 1%. We're expecting for the full-year to kind of be on that path. And the important thing is what I mentioned a little earlier. We are seeing improved performance in many of our key markets, including in North America and most of our D&E markets. In a lot of D&E markets we're up a few points on share in our key categories, and we are seeing good organic growth.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I would love to see more trade-up faster. I think the recent private label trends are a little mixed. If you look at our categories, I think in the third quarter private label was up in three -- down in three, and flat in two, so overall kind of mixed. It was up a bit more across the Consumer Tissue categories for us. I think we are seeing though improved performance in parts of our tissue business, particularly bath tissue, both Scott 1000 and Cottonelle, Kleenex Premium side, and our towels business is also performing better. I think the focus there for us is we really are focused on the product experience and bringing innovation, and those are areas, particularly on bath tissue this year, we brought really good innovation on it. I think that's why we are seeing improved performance there. Now, as Maria mentioned, our overall organic in Consumer Tissue, North America, for the quarter was down five. A lot of that was associated with some promotion shifts that we had or decreases in promotional spending that we're making to try to improve profitability of the business. The underlying base performance of the business and the brands, particularly in bath, I think is improving.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Lauren. In North American adult care I think it's also a soft area for us that we want to improve our performance. And I think the team is addressing it. But one is, that's probably the one category in North America where competitive and promotional activity remains fairly elevated. We are still seeing some aggressive couponing out there. And so that's kind of the environment we're operating in. Also in that, I think the opportunities for us is we have had some negative distribution changes that the team is working to correct. And we're also working on some product improvements as well. So I think it's a competitive category, there is still growth inherent in that business, the focus for us going forward is to make sure that we are focused on driving category growth. I'll note that, you know, I think before our P&G reentered, we are growing low double-digits or even mid double-digits for a number of years, and that growth has slowed down with maybe a little more competitive activity. And my hypothesis would be a little bit more too much emphasis competing versus marketing message, driving category expansion, which is what we're getting back to, and we're going to focus on bringing consumers back into the category, we call new category entrance, back into the category.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I would say that, well, we feel like we are getting our fair share of performances, as the opportunity for us is, we can still enhance and improve our in-store execution globally. That's a big opportunity for us, and given -- I spent some years in sales, I mean, I tend to be a little obsessed with our performance there, and still think we have an opportunity to improve. And so, well, we can respect what our competitors are doing, we see our own opportunities, and well, there's parts of our -- a lot of our performance, we're pretty pleased with. We know we can be a lot better, and we're going to focus there.
Mike Hsu: I think the first part is on the investment, and there's probably not a General Manager in any company that would say they're happy with the overall investment levels. And so, while we spend it, what's average for a CPG, what I like to put more behind good ideas, yes, and that's a big reason why we've done the restructuring, and that's to provide fuel for reinvestment, which we are doing in some cases. I think also if you think about what I just talked about with Ali, which is that the three kind of planks elevate the core of our business, lead a Personal Care development across D&E markets, and drive our digital e-commerce growth. I think those are areas that would be good candidates for investment. As we think about how do we build out our market positions in international markets and leading market development, I think that could -- there could be investment dollars well spent after that, or in terms of how we fund innovation, and so, we are going to do some of those things. I don't think we're ready to share the details of that yet, and that's still to come. So I think I think that's part -- maybe one. I think with regard to the -- what you're asking about maybe the outlook, one is, we are not -- our practice is not to give guidance on 2019, right now. We'll do that in January, and that's kind of how we do that and so we're going to stick to that. I will tell you a couple things, so just to kind of get -- since we are talking -- just to give you a little more context, we are going to continue focus on building a holistic plan, and that means focusing on the proven long-term drivers like innovation, brand building, and cost efficiency. So, we're going to do that. However, it's fair to say that near-term challenge has become more difficult with commodity inflation, and you should see that you can probably see that the commodity and currency impact has amplified over the last two or three months. Just for reference, I think in this year the commodity and currency combined is equal to about $1 of EPS negative impact on the P&L. So, we expect that commodity and currency to be further headwind next year. And part of that is some of our contracted terms, for some of our key commodities like pulp are probably unlikely to be as favorable as they are this year, given the current environment. And so, with that, and we got that to work through. Our tax rate is going to be a drag, but the pricing and the cost savings are obviously going to be a help for us next year. So we are going to give you more specific guidance as we get back to January, but those were a few thoughts.
Mike Hsu: I definitely agree with Tom, which is I think the tone of discussion with retailers has been consistent over the last several years, and I don't think last year was any different. I think it probably got bigger play in a few areas, and maybe part of what's maybe what you are perceiving as changes, the improved growth in the infant childcare category, as it relates to us. I think last year in the middle of the year, ICC was down about 5% in value. I think that was kind of a rude awakening and caused quite a concern amongst us and the retailers. And so what's changed this year is we were down five in July last year, the category now in this latest quarter is up three, huge swing, and I think that probably has changed what you might perceive as a tone, but I think the -- in the meeting discussions and the tone of discussions with customers has been consistent last year, this year, the year before.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Wendy, overall yes, I would like to get the advertising spending. That said, at our number, you can't read too much into that number these days because it goes into a lot of lines. And so, for example, there is two things going on, which -- for example, digital online spend sometimes can be slotted into the promotion even though it may feel more like an advertising expense. So, there's a lot of differences going on there. The other thing is given all the innovation that's occurring in a digital media, our ROIs are improving significantly. And so we're really excited about that. And I think that has a big impact for businesses like ours that are more continuity based or that are consumers in the category for a long time every day. And so I'm pretty excited about that. But overall, if you think about the areas that I had mentioned earlier around elevating the core, D&E markets and digital, yes, I would like to get us to spend more.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Kevin, let me start with like the foundational principle, which is like, we exist to deliver a strong proposition to our consumers and that's what we're focused on, and that's the only way you can win over the long-term and I fundamentally believe in that. And that does go along with market share over the long-term. I think in the quarter in North America I think our data given a lot of that is probably slightly different. And so I have us up or even in five out of eight categories. There's a lot of activity going on in the club channel and also in online. So I think that's one. And then what I was saying earlier, I think our performance is broadly improving across many markets in D&E. In Russia, I think, we were up three points in diapers and up a point or so in feminine care. In Latin America, including both Brazil and Argentina, we're up two or three share points in diapers and up a point or two in feminine care. So we are seeing improved performance and we are very focused on market share. And we have to recognize that we need to drive and you need to focus on driving the right value proposition which guides a lot of the pricing activity.
Mike Hsu: Yes, again, e-commerce, I think proceeding very well for us. Our online shares generally are ahead of our offline shares. We're even. The three big markets for us are China, Korea and the U.S. Although we are seeing some growth in some other markets as well. Overall, our business this year year-to-date is up double-digits as it was strong double-digits last year. And so we feel good about that. I think maybe the looking forward part, Steve, is -- we think we can leverage it even more effectively going forward. I mean, the teams are innovating in terms of how they deal with their e-commerce channel partners. Most recently, I think we were ranked number one in advantage in dealing with e-commerce in China which was off the press. I don't even think a lot of us is -- you know, some of our team internally have seen that data yet. But pretty exciting news and I know that teams are doing a great job around the world and also it's driving great efficiencies in terms of how they're spending and how they're driving their results.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think, Steve, I would say the competitive intensity in China in the last few quarters or maybe the last couple of years has escalated. And just to give you some reference, our personal care organic sales in the quarter were down in the high teens. We had strong growth in fem care but that was not enough to offset some of declines in diapers for us. And so, diaper pricing dropped in the market by about 15 to 20% back in Q2. And so we are working our way through that. And that's kind of blown through our business and impacted our business right now. Overall, volumes as I mentioned earlier, I think volumes in the category were up high single digits so far this year. But with pricing, the category is about flat or even slightly down in terms of value terms. So despite all these price moves personally I don't believe the category is commoditizing. And some of the effects you are seeing are consumers that are trying new products local products that they perceive to be interesting or of high quality or have attributes that they are interested in. We have responded by upgrading our products. And we are really excited about the offering that we have out there. However, some of that impact is muted because of all the price activity. China is critical for us. It's the largest market in the world right now in diapers. It's going to continue to be, and we will continue to grow. And so, we are going to compete in China for the long term. And we are going to focus on the right value drivers, which includes a great product offering, the right marketing and obviously a competitive price.
Mike Hsu: Maybe the first part, I think so overall in Korea very highly developed in terms of our overall diaper sales online -- it's almost 90% online development. And China tends to be that - the overall category is about 50 or slight over 50%. And the U.S. is little bit more behind. I would say right now it's in the mid teens overall. And part of the - when you talk to our retail partners across the country, they all say the same thing that the U.S. is still a car culture. And as long as they have cars, people are still going to want to shop in the store. But we are seeing very good growth in North America as well. And then sorry, Steve, I missed the second part of your question.
Mike Hsu: Yes. I don't have a good hypothesis right now as to why that private label is under indexing. I would say that the reason some of our business is not performing well online is there is a lot of online marketing activity and digital marketing activity that we put in place to drive that. And the tools are becoming increasingly sophisticated and our teams are getting better are managing and marketing through those tools. And so that might be a reason why you see lower development levels of private label…
Maria Henry: Yes, I think that's certainly the headline, Mike. But if you look at where we're taking the biggest amount of cost out it's in the general administrative types of activities. And on the discretionary activities like travel, consulting, those types of things, really pulling back and working differently in order to get done what we need to get done. We've also had a big focus on reducing non-working advertising costs, and that has really paid off for us this year. So we're leveraging the restructuring program to structurally drive down the cost base of the company, and that portion of that will be sustainable.
Maria Henry: Yes, and if I comment on the cost side, Ali, what I'd say for the quarter, that pulp was relatively stable if you look at the breakdown of what we gave on the 210, on inflation. In the other raw materials, polymer was worse than we expected in the third quarter, it was up 40% year-on-year, and we weren't expecting that coming in. On FORCE cost savings, that $105 million, I describe it as a solid number, but it was somewhat behind our expectation. We had some plant outages in our KCP business, and so we lost some momentum there on the FORCE cost savings within that segment in the quarter. And then the other big one is currency. And we had a significant drag from transactional currency in the quarter, particularly in Latin America, where we not only have the translational effect, but in those countries they're buying U.S. dollar-denominated pulp. And with the lower values currencies that's a double hit for that region of our business. So the transactional currency was a meaningful negative for us in the quarter.
Maria Henry: Yes, I don't think I have any anything to add. Obviously, we will update you in January when we are together, and the comments that we are making on a couple of those items that are just in the spirit of transparency to make sure you know what we are thinking in a couple of areas as we all start to think more about 2019.
Maria Henry: No, it's also on cash side of the house. So we did have a nice benefit on cash taxes in the third quarter, and that helped to offset things like cash bet we spent on the restructuring and also held cover the lower operating costs that we had in the quarter.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll ahead and start with some of that commodity questions that you have. Running through our assumptions on the key commodities, we are expecting that eucalyptus will be up about 20% for the full year. The same with polymer that we are expecting it will be up more than 20% for the full year. And then on SAM, super-absorbent, we are expecting that for the full year, it will be up low double digit. And so those are our commodity expectations. And I think something that worth noting is if you look at commodities and currencies combined for the full year, we are expecting that to be about just over a 25% drag on our operating profit. So, it is significant for the year.
Maria Henry: Yes, and also the failure rate issue, we are concerned that consumer have our product that you have think about what they are and what they do for the consumer that having a trusted brand is important. And when you are shopping online and you don't have that ability to interact with the brand that -- as Tom described, consumers tend to migrate in our categories to brands.
Maria Henry: Yes. And on the profit question, the positive mix was definitely a contributor both in the third quarter and year-to-date.
Steve Strycula: Hi, good morning. So, I had a question on China diapers. Wanted to know if you didn't say already, how did this business trend on the year-over-year basis? And competitively speaking where are we in the shakeout of the industry? Are you seeing new local competitors and regional entrants? Has that kind of reached an asymptote, or are we now seeing a point where there is a little bit of fallout in the industry? And then I have a follow-up.
Steve Strycula: Okay, great. And then I have a quick follow-up across your three -- top three diaper markets online, China, Korea, and United States, could you just comment for context what the penetration is roughly across this market? And on the last call you mentioned that private labels currently under indexing online. What's structurally is driving that in your view relative to brick and mortar? Thank you.
Steve Strycula: Yes, on the last call you mentioned a private label under indexing online relative to the share at brick and mortar order. So just curious what do you see as structurally driving that, and I imagine that fosters very good repeat rates purchase rates because this is almost a subscription-like business.
