Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our year-end earnings conference call. Here with me today in Dallas are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for our call. Mark will begin with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by an update on pulp and tissue restructuring. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our full year results and our 2012 outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website. This morning's presentation also includes an appendix with the details of our 2012 planning assumptions. Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul J. Alexander: And, John, this is Paul. Actually just for the fourth quarter, margins in K-C International, Personal Care were up year-over-year. So the gap is closing.
Paul J. Alexander: Polymer for the full year shouldn't be a big factor in the year-over-year comparisons, pretty similar to 2011 average. But as Tom mentioned, it's starting off the year a little bit lower than our full year expectation.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, just to build on that. In the fourth quarter, private label picked up about 1 share point in the training pant category.
Paul J. Alexander: No. As Tom mentioned, for the full year, private label was up in only 1 category, and that was about 0.5 point in feminine care.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, just the one another thing that happened in Q4, Lauren, was we started to roll off a little bit of some of the price increases that helped boost the numbers in the third quarter. But volumes continue to grow nicely and high single-digit growth overall for the business.
Paul J. Alexander: Yes, if you look at just translation, it could be a couple of points of operating profit headwind, and transaction is harder to quantify precisely, but it's probably in that ballpark as well. So overall, currency is going to be a mid single-digit drag on results next year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess I'd say a couple of things. If you looked at -- for the full year of 2011, the category for baby -- for diapers was down 2% to 3%. Our volume was down about 4%. So it was a little bit steeper in the fourth quarter with the count decline. Basically we took 7% of diapers out of every bag across the fourth quarter. Usually we don't see all of that hit. This time, we took a bigger hit from that. So that should start to roll off as consumers rebuild their household inventory. Second factor, price. We'd expected to realize more of that price in the fourth quarter. More of it wound up being spent back in trade but also in couponing, really to respond to the competitive environment. Some of that was a response to our launch of Huggies Little Movers Slip-On Diapers in the third quarter, where there was still a lot of noise in the marketplace. But that should start to get better sequentially.
Thomas J. Falk: So last year, as you'll recall, we said early in the year, we were going to take out about $700 million of additional leverage, and that, that was going to be a higher than normal year. So I'd say this year will be another solid year. I think it'll be the 40th year in a row we've increased the dividend. So that's obviously a strong long-standing commitment, expect to see that continue. And I'd say maybe the challenge that lots of multinationals face is as we make more money overseas is getting that money back on a timely basis to be able to use it to fund dividends and share repurchases, and we've been aggressive at that. And you see that in the slightly higher effective tax rate next year than this year, as it does cost more to bring that money back. But it's not our plan to accumulate cash in the balance sheet long-term.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I'd say the markets are certainly more competitive and there's plenty of things to worry about in the world today. But if I look at last year and say, wow, we had a commodity cost spike that was double our original expectations, it's tougher to get price quickly to cover that, and that showed up in our numbers. We do have a fair amount of carryover price increase coming into 2012, and commodity environment looks like it's going to be more neutral for us. So we should see that flow to the bottom line a little bit more readily in 2012.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I'd say a good near-term target is to say -- if you look at where the fourth quarter margin was in Personal Care, it was kind of the low point to get back. In 2012, something closer to the average for 2011 would be a good first step, and that's probably more realistic given the -- at least where the price of oil seems to be hanging these days. I'd say the things that are going to get better will be, one, getting some positive price realization as opposed to negative price drag. That's the quickest and easiest, as it's already in place in the marketplace. We've just got to bring it to the bottom line. There'll be some commodity relief, but that's not going to be a huge plus for us in Personal Care. You probably may be seeing more in the near term on tissue with lower pulp prices.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I said the profile will be similar to what it was in 2011. So I think in 2011 the way it shook out is, I don't know, 47% of our full year earnings were in the first half and 53% were in the second half. So what you tend to see is a slightly positive bias toward the back of just because cost savings build during the year. And so you'll -- that's typically the way it plays out. We have a couple of other business, KCP and Health Care in particular, where distributors tend to have a much stronger December than January. And so there's a little bit of seasonal bias that pushes it that way as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. The cost inflation should be much more favorable in the first half of the year, especially as pulp is below our full year estimate range, but some of the other factors, you said timing of innovation and the -- and marketing investments related to that affected as well.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say nothing abnormal at this time of the year. And so, retailers everywhere just like companies like us are all trying to take days out of their cash conversion cycle. And so you see that kind of push, but these are pretty high-turn categories. So they can't afford to be out of stock either, so I think that's the balance point for us.
Thomas J. Falk: The mix shift from K-C International is not that material overall. And so, I mean, we took a look at it and didn't think it was noteworthy enough to comment on.
Thomas J. Falk: We got more price in Personal Care in the International business than we did in the -- obviously, North America was negative. So that was part of it.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. It's really more of a timing of promotion in Europe. As to when you're on deal, you typically have bigger discounts and higher volume spikes and it's more of a function of how the trade in Europe wants to run the category. So when you're on promotion, you're going to see that kind of a relationship. If you look at the full year, you wouldn't see as big of a shift. It just happened that more of it was in the fourth quarter of this year compared to last year.
Thomas J. Falk: For the year, it was pretty flat in absolute dollar terms, and, I don't know, Paul, if you've got the quarterly numbers. Similar, I think if...
Thomas J. Falk: Well, we hit a all-time record stock price, so there was higher option exercise than normal in the fourth quarter. So that was the primary factor.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. The answer to your first question is yes, the $30 million is incremental to the $20 million. And the answer to the second question is we -- given we knew where this was going, we really started taking steps to reduce spend at Everett in 2011, which is why we probably got more benefit in 2011 than maybe we were expecting at the time we started the restructuring. So cutting maintenance spending, things like that, that wouldn't have a benefit when you knew the facility was going to be closed or sold were -- we were able to get more benefit there in 2011 than we expected.
Thomas J. Falk: No, I think in the fourth quarter, we wound up spending more on coupons competitively to make sure that we had the right value equation. Some of that was in response to our Slip-ons launch. Some of it was just the other activity that takes place in the category from time to time. So we didn't realize as much of the price increase as we thought we would. We expect that to be better overall in 2012 as the pricing is in effect longer, and we would expect to see a more -- competitors line up to that over time. We'll see what happens in the marketplace.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, our share overall was flat in the quarter. So we'd, say -- we picked up some share with Slip-ons and in our Super Premium segment. We've got some innovation coming in 2012 that will obviously strengthen our product line up across the board, and we believe that in the end, mom wants the best diaper for her baby and she'll choose Huggies with the product lineup that we have in place.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, good questions. From a pulp forecasting standpoint, we look at the 3 major industry forecasters and average those, and that's basically what our process is. We don't try to outsmart the experts in this area. And so the experts are expecting China to come back and be a stronger buyer, and that's going to lead to higher fiber prices as 2012 progresses. We'll see if that takes place, and we'll update you on our actual assumptions as we go through the year. We don't buy a lot of spot tonnage, but the current market price is below that. And so that will be a factor that will help the first part of the year. But there are other factors that will push it the other direction, and I think, as we said, overall, our guidance is to be slightly back-half loaded, not easily [ph] so, but a profile looks similar to what we saw in 2011.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, the primary thing that goes in there on a normal basis, is currency exchange or transaction gains and losses on currency hedges that we have in place. And so we had more gains this year, which was a big driver. Our guess is as we look at swings in the currency market late in 2011, we'll likely have more losses on those lines in 2012. And we also had a onetime effect. We sold a small healthcare joint venture that went in the fourth quarter. So that kind of stuff will pop in there from time to time, when we have those small gains or losses on things. This year they happen to be gains, but in our guidance, we don't assume that any of those will take place in 2012. So that'll also be a factor in the year-on-year earnings growth rate. We won't have as much good news on that line for sure.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think our full year forecast for waste paper is higher than the current spot and that's one that -- we hit an all-time record in September, and then it dropped way off in the -- late in the fourth quarter. And so we're currently seeing prices in the market that are below our full year average. And that one, we don't have ramping back up probably quite as much as pulp this year, but there is still -- the forecast for that is to have some upward pressure as the year progresses. And resin I'd say, the -- our current outlook for the year is slightly higher than the current prices we're paying. So we're really calling for oil in that -- how does it fall, $90 to $100 a barrel kind of range or...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, a couple of things. I mean, our businesses in emerging markets is a place we're putting a lot of focus. So we've got some aggressive growth plan in Latin America, places like China and Russia. So we're putting more sales people on the ground, and we're really -- we're aggressively growing those areas. So we're certainly taking share and in some cases, pioneering new category spaces. I would say, Europe, for lots of reasons that all of you are likely aware of, we would say is probably one that's looking like it's going to have a tougher economic growth year in 2012. We already have strong share positions there, but the economic growth and the pricing environment in Europe is going to be tough. North America, a mixed bag. I think we're cautiously optimistic. We saw some progress in the fourth quarter in our washroom business, and we've got a lot of innovation coming in 2012. So we'd probably expect to see a fairly benign economic growth, so very low single-digit, and we could hopefully do a little bit better than that in the North American market, particularly in places like safety and healthy workplace.
Thomas J. Falk: Private label shares actually for the full year were pretty flat, and I think they were flatter down in all categories but one. And in diapers, what you saw more was Pampers lost a little bit of share to Luvs, and we picked up in our Super Premium segment behind the launch of our Slip-On Diapers. And we gave it up out of our tier 4 business or our mainline business, but private label shares were fairly flat. I don't know, Paul, if you've got the data there but...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, and so that's a little higher than the current spot prices. Obviously, we also buy a lot of gas around the world. And so it's -- those are -- that's just the U.S. price, and there is more variability around that. For every dollar and MMBtu, it's, what, $16 million or something on a full year basis. So that can be a big impact. Now we are at least partially hedged going into 2012. And so we're typically hedging 12 to 18 months out on a rolling basis. So not all of that will drop directly to the bottom line, and part of it we will have locked in to protect against spikes. And from a pricing standpoint, I mean, it's our intention to take the benefit of the commodity costs where we can. Obviously, if it shifts too much, you'll start to see market pricing adjust in some categories, and that can be an offset. We already have our strategic marketing plan laid out for the year, and know where we want to spend it and what we are going to spend it on, and so we'll focus on that. But if we have benefit from commodity costs over that, we'll risk surprising you on the upside.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think that one of the exciting things about the plan is that it's not just advertising by itself. It's advertising coupled with some great innovation aimed at a specific consumer need area. And so we've got great innovation in the market that we're supporting now. We've got more coming in 2012. And so we're going to spend behind those big ideas. And what we've seen is when we do that, you have stories like, you buy Kotex where you can pick up share in the marketplace. And so that's what the plan is in 2012 is to continue to invest behind innovation, invest behind our brands in emerging markets. And that's a more sustainable way to create growth going forward.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. Probably it's timing of innovation. We've got a lot of innovation coming in fem care in 2012, and so we probably had a little lighter promotional calendar than normal. And we're saving up our dry powder for that activity, which is going to hit later this year. And in Adult Care, I'd say, overall, shares look good and promotional calendar was a little lighter. It was around some of the same phenomena. We've got some innovation coming, particularly in North America on that front. So both businesses had a solid year overall and look like they've got great growth planned for 2012.
Thomas J. Falk: No, no, really not. I mean, we laid up a plan for those businesses and executed the plan. And I think despite the challenges in infant and child care, one of the things our North American team did a great job on this year is really insulate the key innovations. So whether it was Cool Touch or some of the new COTTONELLE variants or some of the things that we launched in independent Poise, we did those really per the plan that we tested.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think that's the right range. If you look at our business in China and Latin America, those did very, very well. There's other parts of the world that aren't as strong. Australia, for example, had a relatively soft volume quarter. Korea still is quite strong. So there was nothing fundamental in the numbers that I saw that was driving that. I don't know, Paul, if you've got any other color for Lauren.
Thomas J. Falk: No, the -- Chester is a large tissue facility in the Northeast that has served the heritage Scott tissue and Scott towel business for many, many years. And it's really a testimony to our Consumer Tissue supply chain team that as Dave currently leading [ph] the organization and freed up capacity, they were able to take some capacity out of that facility and still service our business with our remaining assets. And so we challenged them to continue to improve margin and find ways to improve their cost structure, and they've served up some really exciting ideas for us this year.
Thomas J. Falk: It's probably heavier weighted to Personal Care. We've got more innovation coming in baby, child care and adult care and feminine care in 2012. But where we have innovation on COTTONELLE or Kleenex around the world, we'll spend behind those ideas as well. I think on the selling expense front, we are also adding selling expense capability for our K-C Professional and Health Care businesses as we grow those businesses internationally especially. So you'll see a little bit of a push in that line. And we're trying to manage the rest of our G&A to grow at a slower rate than sales if we can.
Thomas J. Falk: Certainly the comparisons will be tougher in the first half. That's for sure. And so you should expect to see more of the year-over-year quarterly improvement happen in the second half, just because the comparisons will be a lot easier.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, you -- with the lower pulp cost, you're going to get more benefit of that in tissue in the first part of the year. That's for sure.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, well, I think you're directionally right on the level of spending, and if we spend all that money and don't get any top line lift, I'm going to feel really bad about it. So yes, we are -- we do have a lot of innovation coming. We're going to invest behind it at appropriate levels. We've got exciting growth plans in our emerging markets around the world where we're building out our platform. And we've got -- we're going to continue to invest despite the challenging economic environment, and we believe this is a great opportunity for us to drive our business and pick up share in some of these markets.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say more of it is strategic marketing, and a much smaller percentage of it would be building up sales capability. And so it is one -- if you said we -- a healthy model is we're bringing margin-accretive innovation to market, enhancing our gross margin and reinvesting a part of that every year in higher strategic marketing spending. We haven't always been able to do that, because of the commodity volatility we face and the difficulty we've had in getting price increases to offset that. And so this is another step forward in that direction, but it's one that we think is a journey that if we continue to drive innovation at the right level, we'll be strategically investing in the business long term.
Thomas J. Falk: Right. And some of it might wind up in the other income expense line, or the transaction part, where we had gains this year, we may have losses next year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, our total category view would not be that significant. Actually it spiked up in early '08 when the -- by a couple of points when the economy turned south, and then it has shifted back down. So you might be looking at some of the measured outlet data might look a little different. But on an all-outlet basis that we look at, I don't know. Paul's got the numbers in front of him, but...
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I would say it's not a trivial increase, but it is one that we continue to be focused on. We've got to be competitive across all spectrums. So I would say if you look back to a little longer perspective, when I was running the diaper business in the early '90s, I think private label shares were up in the mid-20s. And so they actually have come down over the long term even though they have spiked up a little bit in recent terms.
Thomas J. Falk: Because you've got both trade as a reduction of sales and consumer coupon values as a reduction of sales, we add all of that up into a net, plus or minus, price number. You're going to have more volatility there. And so there really wasn't any list price changes in Europe. It was all a combination of trade and couponing, and the same is true in the U.S. So you're going to have more volatility in those numbers.
Thomas J. Falk: No, I don't think so. I think what you typically see is probably -- and Mark's looking at me, so I'll let him correct my estimate here, but I would say we've assumed in our plan something like a 30 to 40 basis point increase in the effective rate over time, makes sense. And actually, we came in at low end of our range this year. Next year is more kind of the normal level that you'd expect, and so we've got to go do tax planning and see if we can improve on that. We don't have the visibility of those at this point. But, Mark, maybe you want to add more color to that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. On Mexico, I assume you're talking about Kimberly-Clark de Mexico, and so we've got a very strong business there. They had a little tougher finish to the year where they got hit in the fourth quarter with a weaker peso and high commodity costs and they didn't get much price realization. They're expecting a better year in 2012 as the peso should improve a bit on a relative basis and they should be able to get some pricing. So we're expecting that to be a positive. Venezuela is one that -- obviously, with a presidential election this year, it's difficult to say what exactly will happen there. It's only about 1% of our sales and about 3% of our operating profit. And so it's not a huge factor for us, and it's one that we're watching and managing very closely. And with regard to the first quarter, we don't really give specific quarterly guidance anymore, and so we'll give you a full year guidance and a little bit of a perspective on the profile, and then every quarter, we'll update you on how we did. And so that's really the message we have going forward.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, even at our current pricing levels, the current level of pulp cost would support that. And so we never really were priced up for the peak, and much of the pricing went into effect at pulp price levels that are pretty similar to where they are now. And so that doesn't mean they don't call and ask, but we have a very good story when they do.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I would say assuming that K-C Professional and Consumer Tissue were flat year-on-year, would probably be an incorrect set of assumptions. So we wouldn't think that was an acceptable plan, and the people that we have running those businesses wouldn't either. So yes, no, we would expect to have a decent growth year in both KCP and Consumer Tissue in 2012. We got lots of cost savings coming through. We got more restructuring savings coming through. We've got lots of brand activity going on. So I'd expect to see a positive growth year in both those segments of the business.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. And as we talked, I mean, getting back -- we've got a lot of innovation coming, lots of investment behind that, but getting back to a margin that is roughly equivalent to the full year segment average in 2011 would be a big turnaround in that business this year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, natural gas, we use about 16 million MMBtus a year. So every dollar of MMBtu is about $16 million in cost, and that's really just North America. We don't have -- I don't think we've given statistics outside of that. But I don't know, Paul, if you've got any other rules of thumb for him.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, that's basically right. I'd say that number's been kind of creeping up. I mean, it was 1.2 million not that long ago, but now it's up to about 1.4 million. And so it just reflects growth in KCP and in some cases, recovered fiber is a pretty significant source of fiber for our consumer business as well in some markets.
Thomas J. Falk: No, the $30 million was really a cost of downtime in the quarter. And so that was our -- the cost of idling facilities and that was spread across our business in various places as our teams really -- they focus on hitting inventory at a target level, and if they're at target level, then they shut machines down, whatever business that is in the world. And so some of that fell on our Baby, Child Care business as our volumes underperformed expectations. As it relates to the reconciliation of our volume in the quarter versus our share, I mean there's a lot of factors that affect those, I'm sure you know. I mean, our mix was positive, and so that helped us from a share standpoint, but other than that, we really haven't got the analytics yet to unpack everything that happened from a volume standpoint. So some part of it's trade inventory, some part of it's consumer household inventory, et cetera.
Thomas J. Falk: No, because we're measuring thousands of diapers in our volume count. But if you think about it, consumers buying a package with 7% fewer diapers in it. And so on average in their home, their household inventory drops. But usually you'd say maybe about half of that, and based on historical count reductions, would be the impact that you'd have in the period that you did the cut reduction, because if you said, "Okay, on average, consumer's got a half a bag in their household, that bag has 7% fewer diapers, so half of that would be 3.5." But this quarter, we had a bigger volume drop, and so part of that was about the count change, and probably part of it was mix, some part of it was retail or inventory changes. It's hard to digest which piece of that exactly took place here.
Thomas J. Falk: If you looked at full year 2011, it was down 4%. And I would expect it to be less negative than that in 2012. So down 2% is probably a reasonable expectation.
Thomas J. Falk: Okay. Well, once again, we're not satisfied with our 2011 performance. We're going to get back on track in 2012 and have another year where we successfully implement our Global Business Plan. Thank you for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Mark A. Buthman: No. I think if you take a look at the cash flow we'll generate, say, next year, round numbers, let's take $3 billion, you'll have $1 billion to $1.1 billion go to CapEx, you'll have $1 billion to $1.1 billion go to dividends, and the balance will go back to -- in the form of share repurchases. As the business grows, you want to target to be a solid single A credit. Over time as we did this year if we can take on just a little bit of leverage and keep us right in that solid range, we might make the decision to do that. But you should think about us funding those obligations primarily out of operating cash flow.
Mark A. Buthman: No, it'll be a slow build across the year. Inventories will be the key driver. We do have a lot of innovation coming to market, which is, depending on which business is launching you're going to see some ebbs and flows as we build inventories to get ready for launch. But you should think of it as more gradual, and it's -- order of magnitude, 2 to 3 days over the course of the year.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, Lauren, I think on a typical basis we might buy back 700 million to 800 million of shares. We're at 900 million to 1 billion this year. If we have additional cash that we can bring back effectively, we'll probably -- there's a chance we could buy it -- be a little bit above that. But it's consistent with the plan we laid out in the fourth quarter.
Mark A. Buthman: It would be a combination of cash on hand and short- and long-term debt. We'll make that call in February.
Mark A. Buthman: No. I think that's right. If you look at the last 10 years, tax has been a help to our algorithm. Looking forward, it's probably going to be a little bit of a drag. But I think the good news is, from an operating standpoint, the business we've got between innovation and marketing support, we should be able to have more of an operating earnings-driven plan. But -- and we're -- our tax team works hard. We've worked hard to get to the bottom end of the range this year, and we'll work hard to get to the bottom end of the range next year.
