Tom Falk: I’d say if you look at the volume missing the quarter Ali, actually more of it has to do with Venezuela than versus what you are expecting. So, Venezuela by itself was a one point drag on volume in the quarter. It was a one point positive on price, but as we really stopped or slowed down our import level that you are starting to see carry or contraction. On the consumer’s issue front a lot of this is carry over price. So a lot of the (inaudible) Cottonelle, it’s really a trade off between sheet count and price. And if you look at, we are also told you wouldn’t see much swing there. I think if you looked at our sequential shares, back our shares down three times, towels it’s up three times, facial is always sequentially soft in the second quarter and really most of our personal care area you are seeing shares are positive in the second quarter. So, I wouldn’t expect that we are trading off volume for price probably at all. 
Tom Falk: Yes, those are all dollar shares; I don't think you’d see a big swing because we line up pretty competitively what everybody else has done in the market place. So I don't think you’d see a big divergence in trend there from what we are seeing. If you look at it broadly internationally, I think as Mark said in the personal care front, you generally saw a negative price constant personal care in those markets. It was kind of dwarfed by the impact of price increases in Venezuela. So we are spending competitively. We talked about the 25% volume growth so far this year in China, so I think we are driving the business in strategic ways where it makes sense to do that, and we are not generally trading off volume for price in most cases.
Tom Falk: I’d say inventories; we probably had a cyclical low last year. We rebuilt them just a little bit this year, but I would say broadly our cash conversion cycle is better than we had expected year-over-year. So I think inventories, they aren’t out of line with where we would expect them to be at this point.
Tom Falk: Certainly commodity costs will be in our guidance, will be higher in the second half of the year than they were in the first half, and because of the strong third quarter we had last year where you really had the low point of the commodity swing. We are always been have tough second half comparisons. So I don’t think anything has changed from that standpoint. I would say you really expect to have a slightly better earnings second half and the first half, that's implied in our guidance despite the fact that commodity costs will be a little higher in the second half than the first half. So we’d expect volume to be a little bit better in the second half than the first half. We’d expect our cost savings to be a little bit better second half to first half and the combination of that will deliver the guidance that we have given you today. 
Tom Falk: In our business we had a pretty solid second quarter. We saw good healthy growth in the super premium segment with the Jeans Diaper launch as well as in our Little Walkers areas. So, we actually saw decent improvements in terms of a mixed standpoint in diapers. We are seeing those with the recession, the decline in the birth rate, that’s still affecting the overall category in the first half. We are seeing signs that birth rates should pick up and you should start to see a little healthier category from a volume standpoint in the second half. I would say if you looked at P&G share numbers and you all have a chance to add some more questions about it, they actually probably had a little bit more of their share shift from their top performing products into their mid-performing product.
Tom Falk: We looked at the overall category, it was down like a percent for something like that, it wasn't huge. Sometimes panel data on diapers in particular is difficult to interpret because they don’t have enough diapering households in the panel to make it really be relevant.
Tom Falk: Well it's the softest Kleenex ever and we are driving that. You’re seeing more promotional activity generally in audit, but the second quarter is typically the seasonal low point. We have had the big cold and flu season in the first quarter. We got back-to-school plans coming in the third quarter. So you tend to see private label share pick up, both Kleenex and Puffs were down year-over-year in the second quarter. The category was a little bit soft in the second quarter as well Bill and that’s probably carry-over from that a pretty light cold and flu season.
Tom Falk: The acquisitions, both I-Flow and Jackson are a part of that and I-Flow has got a pretty big SG&A load because they’ve got a very significant sales organization, but those are probably the two bigger factors. I don’t know, Paul, if there is anything else to speak to in there.
Tom Falk: Those are definitely the two biggest factors, Chris, and then on top of that we did have higher R&D spending in the quarter, and then also continue to increases to support K-C International growth, which I think we talked about last quarter also. 
Tom Falk: Well, I think this continues to trend below our expectations honestly. So, we felt like sitting here in the beginning of the year and we’re spending about $750 million rate and we had $1 billion to $1.1 billion guidance out there. I think we have enough projects in the pipeline that we will accelerate in the second half of the year, but we still won’t get to the upper limits. So, we are just trying to be transparent on that. 
Tom Falk: And even in North America, if you looked at our adult care and feminine care business, those things grew double-digit again in the quarter. So we’re actually looking at some capacity expansions there as well. 
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think a part of it was easier comps, we talked a lot about this, we had a lot of downtime in the first half of last year and while we strip downtime out separately, but when your machines are down you also tend to do more maintenance spending which we count against our FORCE. So, the fact that we had less downtime in the first half helps us a bit there, so on the other cost of sales area was positive. We put a global procurement team in, so we are pushing more aggressively on that front. We are also driving a lean continuous improvement process. We are at the very front end of that. And so, we’ve got programs running in North America and in our international markets. And those are delivering quiet frankly more faster than we would have expected and we’ve still got a long way to got to really built that into our culture, but the combination of all those things have delivered that. We still think there is a huge opportunity to continue to deliver going forward, but we are pleased we are ahead in this tough commodity cost environment. 
Tom Falk: So, Lauren was there some kind of tissue joke in there with bathroom tissue and polythene on a roll that we are going in circles.
Tom Falk: No, I think, as you compare it to K-C Professional, we have done a better job actually of diversifying the K-C Professional portfolio in getting more of our business into the high-margin wipers and safety products that are less pulp price dependent. In tissue, consumer tissue is still, bathroom tissue, towels and facial tissue, and those are still heavily affected by the price of pulp. So, I’d say we aren’t happy with shares being down or in those categories we want to at least hold share and grow with the category. Some of it was affected by desheeting, some of it was affected by sequential weakness, but other cases its private label and towels in particular has been growing at everybody’s expense. And so, we got to make sure we are still on the right value equation in that market and so obviously we continue to focus on earning the cost to capital in our tissue business and believe we have seen the worst of it, as pulp price start to ease particularly in the fourth quarter. We will start to see a little bit better volume trends and see a little bit better margins as pulp prices come down.
Tom Falk: We still really forecast review with our tissue team and we talked about that exact subject and we would expect to be pretty fully loaded. Now in some cases we had actually been outside buying in tissue to supplement our manufacturing base and we’ve used that over a number of years as a way to make sure that we ran full. So we’ve been able to pull back a little bit on some of those outside commitments which actually helps us from a cost standpoint and allows us to continue to run our assets full. 
Tom Falk: I think it’s a very diverse pool of markets as you look at China, I’d say with the 25% growth we are seeing, we are probably still growing ahead of the market because we are building distribution in those markets. Latin America, we’ve seen solid personal care growth care, there I’d say we are probably picking up a little bit of share particularly in Fem Care and diapers. Russia is a more competitive battles, so there I’d say we are battling it out with Procter and it’s a share battle everyday there and so, it is mix bag, but I would say in most markets, we are holding shares and in some of them we are picking up a bit. 
Tom Falk: Yeah. I mean the launch has gone very, very well. It exceeded our expectations and we had pretty high expectations for it. It really seems to resonate very well with young women. Quarter average picked up about four share points and U buy Kotex, our overall Kotex or fem care business in total was up about 2.5 share points, so most of it has been incremental. We continue to see strong interest and have gotten aggressive plan to continue to drive it and bring innovation to that brand in that consumer space. So, we are pretty enthusiastic about what we are seeing so far. So, obviously our competitors had a lot of activity ahead of our launch and we assume that they are going to continue to be competitive, so we are not expecting it’s going to be easy going forward either.
Tom Falk: I’d say broadly P&G has executed a lot of their plan on Dry Max and they have gotten with distribution they wanted. They have gotten the promotion space that they wanted. They are going to stick with it and continue to drive, but I think they are through most of the PR issues they were facing and so I think obviously we feel pretty good about our innovation plan in diapers. So we had a very good quarter with jeans diapers, we’ve got more improvements on Huggies coming in the back half of the year. So I think the great news for mom is that both the premium brands Huggies and Pampers are driving a lot of innovation and that’s good for moms and for branded diapers generally.
Tom Falk: Yes, it’s really an interesting math as you look around the world, K-C Professional. In the US I’d say certain segments like lodging, are still kind of depressed you are not seeing those come back office building, there is another, we’ve got particular strength, put the vacancy rates you can see those kind of numbers not coming back, manufacturing starting to come back. We are seeing that in our safety business and some of our wiper business. So you have talked about the volume growth there. But you are not seeing a lot of net employment increase. So, we don’t see it as much in our washroom side of our business. So, broadly that’s kind of the US market, particularly Europe on the other hand. We had double digit volume growth in Europe and good improvements in markets like Germany where you are actually starting to see pretty good pick up in industrial output. And so, that was a positive for us in the quarter and then internationally we had solid double digit volume growth in the international markets for K-C Professional. Mostly in Asia, there was about five points of volume and about 13 points of price roughly in that price and mix and so. So again, pretty good volume growth starting to show up in those markets as well.
Tom Falk: All the consumer survey information we’ve seen would say, consumer confidence is not getting better at this point in time. It’s kind of going sideways. And so, you are still seeing some up ticks in some categories in private label shares, not as much as you saw at the beginning of last year. And then some categories, it’s actually starting to trend down a little bit, but things like paper towels and facial tissues still see consumer’s time private label and if you talk to key accounts, they would say that moms are still pretty squeezed. Percentage of consumers that are end using food stamps continues to increase. And so, the consumer generally is feeling pressure out there in the US in particular. 
Tom Falk: Year-over-year our Huggies shares was down slightly versus Q2 last year. I think we were about almost 38 shares which was a recent high watermark. And in this quarter, we are right around 37, so we were up from 35 and change in the first quarter. So we are up about nearly a point or a little over a point sequentially and down about a point year-over-year. PULL-UPS would be up both sequentially and over prior year, up about almost three points over prior year.
Tom Falk: Yes, Huggies was down slightly in volume for the quarter year-over-year and PULL-UPS was up 2% year-over-year, so pretty much tracking share trends. 
Tom Falk: Yes. For pricing it had more to do with levels of coupon drops that were spent against it in prior year versus this year as well.
Tom Falk: Yes, absolutely. We were launching Pure & Natural last year in the second quarter, and so its part of the comp to that and Jeans Diaper were really in and out. So it was one that you didn’t need to spend quite as much on. It also has such obvious appeal and with such great support from our retailers that actually it was a good vehicle to build and drive that in a very efficient way. 
Tom Falk: Yes. It actually, it’s probably little earlier than that. I mean some customers blew through it very quickly. So it will probably give us a little bit of boost still in the third quarter but I guess late July or early August, most retailers are going to have work through the inventory. 
Tom Falk: And this is a Huggies diaper promotion, but yes it will absolutely be tied in with our regular Huggies business. So a lot of the stuff, it’s promoted off either end cap displays or other in-store floor displays, so that it wasn’t all cut into the shelf either.
Tom Falk: I’d say if you look at our first half average margin in that business which is even more in the 13% to 14% range. That is probably a good average to look at for the year at this point, given that we’ve got some of the one-time cost from I-Flow coming through. And then we would expect to see a nice sequential pickup in 2011 as you work through some of that stuff.
Tom Falk: Well, actually in costs, in many of the emerging markets we participate in, in tier 3 very broadly which is kind of the mid segment of the category. And in some markets we actually compete in tier 2 and down even into our very lowest tiers depending on the market make-up, and it depends on the competitive side obviously, in what you are trying to accomplish there and what your scale is. So in China, we just felt that as we have had success with Huggies and the super premium that adding the value tier was a logical next step, and so as we continue to build our portfolio there, that’s the place to go. Again, I look at it more country-by-country, what’s the category structure, what’s the competitive set and where are you going to make your mark.
Tom Falk: Well, I mean, we felt that all this strategy is part of how good do you feel about your innovation and what you need to do to deliver on your volume objectives. And we felt strongly enough with what we had planned that we were spending as an appropriate level. We’ve got some great advertising, spending behind our Huggies brand. And if I look at our share trends sequentially, it looked like it worked reasonably well. So, I think we’d rather do it with innovation and great marketing and continue to drive it that way than doing it with price off coupons if you can avoid that. 
Tom Falk: I think our forecast is pulp gets down around $900 a ton, something like that, it exits the year and which is dipped down a little from I guess our previous expectation but it also got a little higher than our previous expectation in the second quarter. So the average for the year is probably going to be a little bit a higher than we were overall. I think the other thing to remember, if you look at price realization in our consumer tissue business overall, just this quarter, we’ve only recovered about a third of the fiber price increase in the form of net realized revenue. So, pulp could fall by a lot and you wouldn’t really feel the need to do something from a price promotion standpoint. And if you even look back to the last price increase that was taken at the end of 2008, a fair amount of that has been spent back already in terms of higher promotion spending. So, I guess our expectation is that you won't see as much softness in promoted prices in the back half of the year, but we will have to wait and see what happens.
Tom Falk: Yeah, that’s about right. We had expected it to be a little bit favorable in the back half of the year relative to the first half.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think that’s probably right, you know we are in personal care in a lot more countries in a bigger way. And so, in many cases there is a big opportunity to drive category penetration to a greater extent in personal care, because the categories are much less penetrated than for example bathroom tissue which should be pretty highly penetrated everywhere. So, you’ll tend to see more innovation and growth opportunities, but I would also tell you there are things like facial tissue, which there maybe category growth opportunities. We’ve got something we are launching in Australia around some household cleaning wipes, that is the way to expand our tissue brand into some new spaces. We are doing some of the same things in markets like Israel. So, there will be some selected growth opportunities with our tissue brands and our international markets that we‘ll take advantage of well.
Tom Falk: I think that there is a lot of other levers that you pull on tissue besides list price. So list price is one of them but promotional depth and frequency is another. And sheet size, sheet count is another. Package count and how you bundle it, is it 24 rolls or 20 rolls. So there’s a lot of different ways to get that price realization in tissue, and we’re using all of those tools. And I think we’re far more sophisticated in our outlook and approach to pricing around the world than maybe we would have been even several years ago. And so, understanding the consumer dynamics and how they buy their category and how they react to strategic price points, all plays into it. And so, our challenge is to optimize net realizable revenue and still be competitive in the local market.
Tom Falk: Yeah, I think it’s in a lots of spots. Certainly, innovation is working fairly. We’ll have a full six months of U by Kotex in some of the incontinence products where we only had really a quarter or so of those in the first half. So we’d expect to see continued volume growth there. That’s very solid. We’ve got some great innovation coming with our Huggies brands, and we’d expect to see continued strong share results. We had Pull-Ups and GoodNites, so that will be positive. Our tissue, we should be past some of the big sheeting impact and start to annualize some of that in the second half. And so, we would expect to see stronger volume comparisons on tissue. We’ve also got more promotional activity, which was our plan, behind some of the innovation that’s coming in tissue. We’d expect to see that help our tissue volumes, particularly in North America in the second half. But I’d also say, in healthcare, we think we’re past all the inventory adjustments by our distributors and end-use customers related to H1N1, so we should be back with more of a normal growth trajectory there. So I’d say lots of those areas that would add up to our stronger second half than first half.
Tom Falk: As for KCP, the Venezuela impact was across the whole corporation. KCP actually broadly had pretty decent volume results in the quarter from a volume standpoint. I think we’ve got the number here. It was roughly, I guess it was flat for the second quarter but it was up double-digit in Europe. It was up about mid single-digits in the rest of international, including Asia, US was down just a little bit but we still saw decent growth in our wiper business and safety products.
Tom Falk: Yes, we've had seven consecutive quarters of gross margin improvement and we like to deliver an improved gross margin overall for the full year. 
Tom Falk: I am not going to give you a quarterly gross margin forecast. All I would tell you is last year's third quarter gross margin was 35.2, a pretty tough comp from where we are going be averaging in the first half. So I think it would be better to look at the full year average and we would expect to see improved gross margin on that basis.
Tom Falk: Yes, I wish I had a better crystal ball on that one. I think obviously, everyone that we talk to that does business down there has got some of the same issues. If you import any kind of a product or a raw material, and it's difficult to get foreign exchange. We are getting some foreign exchange, so you are able to pay some of your bills for imported materials.  My sense is that the more local production that you have, the easier it tends to be to get foreign exchange, but that’s just anecdotal from our view. And so, there will start to be shortages and there already are big empty spots on shelves on the stores down there, and so, I think how the government and policy makers work through that is yet to be seen. And there isn't a lot of clear guidance coming out of Venezuela as to how it’s going to resolve itself. But obviously, if they continue to have shortages on key items like diapers and fem care, where there really isn’t a lot of local production that will be a challenge for that country. And so, our goal is to do the best job we can to take care of moms and families in Venezuela and make sure they have the bathroom tissue and diapers and feminine care products that they need, and we will do the best job of that we can in the environment that we are operating in.
Tom Falk: There is no new parallel market at this point in time. The government has decided that any transactions that were to occur on market like that are illegal, so there is no parallel market that we are aware of. And yes, we have gotten some exchange at the government official rate but it's not enough to be able to fund all of the needs that we would have to bring in imported products.  We make a lot of tissue in Venezuela so we've got good manufacturing capability. We have also got some capacity to make personal care products like fem care and diapers, so there, we are buying raw materials in dollars then we're also using some local materials, and then we also bring in finished products like diapers and fem care from countries like Peru, like Costa Rica, some from Columbia, and so making sure we can pay those bills with a currency other than the bolivar is the challenge
Tom Falk: I’d expect to see some positive comparisons in the second half and some positive volume results from consumer tissue, so that would be based on our planning, that’s what we’d be looking for in the second half.
Tom Falk: I mean in 2010 we had more of a normal comp year where we have benchmarked what other companies are doing, but having said that, I mean it’s still a pretty low inflation environment. So it’s a fairly low percentage increases everywhere. We continue to encourage all of our teams to be disciplined about how they spend money, so whether that’s still in vacant positions, we are using a lot of our lean approach to avoid hiring where we can and continue to be disciplined about that. We are staying focused on controlling our travel costs and our other discretionary G&A to make sure that we don't go back and increase our spending at a higher rate. We are budgeting our G&A to be flat in most of our business areas or to grow at a slower rates than sales and so we don't want take our foot off the brake on cost and make sure we got the money to invest in our innovation and strategic brand building. So it's been working so far and our teams are doing a great job of delivering that as you saw with our FORCE cost savings. 
Tom Falk: We’ll give you more guidance until ‘11 probably early next year, but I’ll probably tell you in some way we had some favorable comps on FORCE to last year, because we had so much downtime we probably did a little bit more on the maintenance front last year so that could be a part of why this year is a little better than we would have expected .But I also think we’ve got good momentum going with our lean and continuous improvement activity and we should see continued momentum from that into 2011.
Tom Falk: We've heard, we weren't sure what was public and what wasn't at this point but thanks for sharing that.
Tom Falk: I'll let Mark probably take both of those. I think on the preferred issue, we really treat that as debt and I would expect that to stay in place at this point even though it does have a maturity date of mark. I don’t know if you got anything else to add to that.
Tom Falk: And the biggest single variable is what’s the AA Corporate bond rate going to be on December 31st, that sort of triggers what you’re funding requirement will be. I will tell you this though, we have now frozen our defined benefit plan in the US and so we hadn’t let any new entrants into the plan since 1997, and then we froze all remaining participants' balances as of the end of 2009 and have shifted them all into defined contribution plan. So we’re doing everything that we can to try to manage that liability and yet still provide a competitive benefit program to our employees.
Tom Falk: So once again, we feel good about the innovation that we’ve delivered this quarter and we're pleased to be able to deliver on our global business plan objectives. And thank you again for your support at Kimberly-Clark.
Mark Buthman: I would also add, this is a pretty big technology change. So the transition at bay sheet continues to roll out over the line up. So it continues, we’re not quite fully national yet, but further along as that gets fully national, I think you will see some benefit.
Mark Buthman: And volume growth in K-C International has been strong enough for, we’re starting to have to. It’s been a few years since we’ve added incremental capacity, particularly in personal books. Our CapEx is going to follow the trends of the business which are pretty good. 
Mark Buthman: Well they are up, we don’t get to that level of detail, but for the total North American personal care business price was up about 2%, and that was primarily coming from Huggies. So overall you should think about Huggies diaper sales being up and the same would be true for childcare.
Mark Buthman: Well you should think about is that Venezuela had a point impact on volume for the company, negative in a point, positive on price and emerging markets is about a third of the company.
Mark Buthman: I think the cost savings are going to continue to ramp up through the back half. Price realization will continue to grow. At this point, we our expectations, we're pretty pleased with the gross margin performance in the second quarter, and continuous to be. It will grow faster than operating margin. Operating margin, we are kind of maintaining our 10 to 70 basis points guidance, its likely year-on-year. We’re going to end up at the lower end of that range. So we feel good about the results in the quarter and sort of support for our expectations for the balance of the year. 
Mark Buthman: Andy, that’s been on the horizon, its part of our normal funding plan. We are going to go to the market at the end of this month, in fact, next week, with the debt issue. It’s not related to that particular item, but I would guess my expectations will be back in the market, we’ll fund that in the normal course. It’s not an outsized amount, so we should be fully able to fund that either with a long term debt issue or commercial paper. 
Mark Buthman: Yes, pension funding, again, it's too early to predict. I think you said, over time, you’re going to have I guess funding of $200 million to $250 million. Let’s see how the equity markets and our returns play out what the discount rate looks like. 
Mark Buthman: And I think it’s fair to say, if you think about the next five years, you should see less volatility, get eliminated, but you will see less volatility than you might have experienced in the past.
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse: I think it’s almost unbelievable how well you’ve done in this pulp environment. Congratulations. That’s basically a thank you.
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse: I just had a quick follow-up actually just as a tag along to that FORCE question, you are getting the big number this year, would it be however reasonable to expect it to be more of a normal type FORCE goal for 2011, down in the 200 range.
Chip Dillion - Credit Suisse: I don't know if you all saw but two of the big pulp players Ken Ford and West Fraser did officially lower in North America $30 dollars for August in pulp so that should help you.
