Chris Jakubik: Hello. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2023 Business Update. During our review, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will discuss some non-GAAP financial measures during these remarks. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for, and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Today, our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, will provide an update on our overall business performance, and Nelson Urdaneta, our Chief Financial Officer, will provide an overall financial review and our outlook for the coming year. We have also scheduled a separate live question-and-answer session with analysts. You can access our earnings release, supplemental materials and audio of our Q&A session at investor.kimberly-clark.com. A replay of the Q&A session will be available following the event through the same website. With that, I will turn it over to Mike.
Chris Jakubik: Thank you, and hello, everyone. This is Chris Jakubik, Head of Investor Relations at Kimberly-Clark. And welcome to our Q&A session for our fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. During our remarks today, we will make some forward-looking statements that are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ due to risks and uncertainties, and these are discussed in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. We will also discuss some non-GAAP financial measures today. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a replacement for and should be read together with GAAP results. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and the supplemental materials posted at investor.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, I'm going to hand it over to our Chairman and CEO, Mike Hsu, for a few quick opening comments.
Chris Jakubik: Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. For the analysts that have follow-up questions, we'll be around all day. And beyond that, we're looking-forward to seeing everybody in March.
Mike Hsu: Thank you, Nelson. In closing, we are proud of our 2023 results and the solid finish to the year. We enter 2024 having advanced the company's strategic foundation, consumer-centricity and financial position. Moving forward, we will continue invest in differentiating our global brands and strengthening our capabilities. We will further leverage our cost structure and remain financially disciplined. And we'll make sure we are deploying capital in ways that benefit the enterprise and deliver value to our shareholders. On behalf of my leadership team and the more than 40,000 employees who work tirelessly to fulfill our purpose of Better Care for a Better World, thank you for your time and interest in Kimberly-Clark.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Thank you, Chris. And first of all, I'd like to just welcome Chris to Kimberly-Clark. This is his first earnings call with us, but it's probably a triple-digit number in earnings calls that he has done in his career. So, welcome to K-C, Chris. Hey, I'd like to just start by sharing that we're really proud of our performance in 2023, but, of course, we're not yet satisfied. We've built a strong foundation and positioned Kimberly-Clark for our next chapter of growth. These past few years, we've consistently invested to build a consumer-centric organization while navigating unprecedented challenges. Our strategy to elevate our categories and expand our market is working, and we're on an exciting path and positioned to deliver durable growth and returns for shareholders in our next chapter. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we're looking forward to detailing our strategic priorities, our long-term algorithm, and outline the key initiatives behind our plans in March. And so with that, love to open it up for questions.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Hey, thanks, Dara. Maybe I'll start with -- maybe as you kind of tee up there, the state of the consumer, particularly in Developed Markets, I'd say, our underlying category growth across Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, and Professional remains pretty robust both in absolute terms, and I think if you look across in relative to other broader staples. Our products -- I'll remind you, our daily essentials in -- unlike some categories, substitution of our categories is fairly low. On top of that, we still have a lot of room for penetration and revenue per user gains, and so we're working on that. So, overall, I think the consumer right now still remains despite what, you might argue, is a fairly mixed kind of consumer picture, the consumer remains pretty healthy. We're confident in our ability to elevate our categories and expand the markets further. The consumer picture, I said is somewhat mixed. Employment remains strong. Wage growth is up. But I think it's also probably fair to say, from our side that, the full effects of all the rate hikes and all the economic policy impacts are not fully materialized in the consumers. So that all said, the categories were pretty robust. In North America, just to give you a reference point, North America category value was up six in the fourth quarter and up eight for the year. So that's a pretty solid number. Again, I'll chalk that up to the fact that there's low substitution in our categories. And that makes our categories a lot more resilient than other staples categories that I've worked in the past. We still also, Dara, see pretty good demand for premium products and we're seeing that in a broad array of markets, including in North America. Surprisingly, you might say in a market like Argentina is still, Brazil, China, of course. And so, we're very enthused about our approach with elevating our categories and expanding our markets and we believe that still working and still appropriate, even though we recognize we've got to be able to offer great value at all price tiers. So I'll pause there. I know that I threw a lot at you. So, I know there were multiple parts to your question. I don't know, Dara, if you wanted to go. Nelson, if you want to...
Mike Hsu: We're pretty pleased, Dara. I think we've made very, very solid progress on volume and consumers responded very favorably on our categories. So, I'd say, first of all, our next chapter, which I think we're turning the page and shifting to a volume mix-driven plan, which is returning to that, which -- that was kind of our approach pre-pandemic and so we're going back to that. So, contribution pricing to help offset the record inflation that we've got, it's going to recede and has already started receding. There might be a need to address some particular higher costs in some markets or locations. But that's going to be pretty surgical, and will likely reflect if there's pricing reflect inflation at local levels. But overall, I think we're feeling very good about driving the volume on our business. We have seen our businesses start to improve, including in North America on a share perspective in the fourth quarter, and believe we have the right mix and growth drivers in our plan to drive the business going forward.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Hey, Lauren, thanks for the question. Hey, let me start with the overall on the path forward, I will say, hey, we're staying the course, but we're, of course, going to balance potential against the inherent volatility in the business. And so, we're going to remain prudent. I do want to say, I'm really inspired, and we've got people operating in some difficult conditions in Argentina and also other markets. So, as a company, we're really inspired by the impact our employees make in these markets and really proud to shoulder that responsibility of serving our consumers in these difficult conditions. At the same time, I will say we will not just hang around where conditions become untenable. And then, of course, you would double-click and say, what's untenable. I'll let you know when we see it. But certainly, if we can't make product or if we can't convert currency at some point that becomes somewhat untenable. But right now, we're working our way through it in multiple markets like Argentina, like Ukraine. And so, again, that's the high-level answer on path forward is we're staying the course.
Mike Hsu: As always, Jason, you're right on the issue. So, a good one. But I think if you look at the margin profile of the business, I think the team has done a great job addressing, I would say the volume softness or volume change in the environment. And a couple different things. One, we had to adjust rapidly to this work-from-home demand environment that kind of came on with the advent of COVID as you might recall. And you may recall our washroom business, which is the majority of our business in K-C Professional tends to be higher development in offices. And so, that's really where the volume has gone up. I would say right now, that volume on a category basis is running about 80% to 85% of what it was pre-pandemic. And it's not going to bounce back that quickly, the reality is. And I'm not sure you're in your office at Goldman in New York every day. And so that's the same thing. As we look around our offices, we're not fully back in, right? And so, it's partial at best. So that's, I would say, an ongoing challenge in that business. But I think our team has adjusted to that and treated as a reality. We have rightsized some of the business and some of it was from a cost perspective. The reality is we were doing a lot of volume and co-packing a lot of volume on the external market. And so I'd say, we haven't had to address fixed costs as much as you might have thought of. And so -- and I think that's reflected. So, I think the team has done a good job of recapturing margins from a -- both from a price perspective, mix perspective, and also while growing volumes at the same time behind great innovations like our ICON dispenser, which I believe is really the best dispenser in that side of the business. So, anyway, so I think the team has done a great job and I think you can see that in the margin and definitely have recovered from pre-'19 margins on that business and actually exceeding at this point.
Mike Hsu: One could only hope, Jason. We could only hope that. But actually, I think, first of all, a couple of things. Yeah, we did have some pretty significant supply constraints in our North American Consumer business for the majority of last year, definitely through Q3. And that had to do with some supply conditions with external suppliers, for example, on packaging that made availability difficult across Personal Care. Also some in our Kleenex business, I think we've talked about a key ingredient that we weren't able to get access to, that we developed a secondary source to during the course of the year. So, those were kind of the big factors, I would say. I think we mentioned that on the last quarter call, we didn't make the biggest deal about it. We were working through this challenge with our suppliers, with our customers, and they were fully aware of it. But it's not something that we communicated publicly that often. But I would say for the better part of the year, that did suppress our share performance. I'm not saying that was the only driver, but I think it was a fairly significant driver. We have addressed those issues. I'd say our commercial execution is going to be stronger than ever. We're really past all these constraints that I talked about. And our consumption is moving in the right direction. Our share has moved in the right direction in the fourth quarter as well in North America.
Mike Hsu: Okay. Yeah, great question, Anna. Core to our business, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, on market share, I'm confident that our market share performance this year is going to improve from last year. Definitely, I was not happy with our performance on share last year. For perspective, on a weighted basis, which we use as an internal metric, we don't talk about as much publicly, but on a weighted basis, we are down globally about 40 bps, okay? So, not falling off a cliff, but not what we want. So, we want to be growing weighted share as well. On a cohort basis, which is the one we usually talk to you all about, we are up or even and just under 40%. And so that's below our goal of 50% or more, of which I'd say we were kind of jumping over that bar back in 2021. So, I think we are where we are today, what we're going to build from here. I'd say a couple of things. All that said, probably the biggest challenge has been for us in North America related to the supply constraints that I just talked about. I did want to note. We've had strong gains and really, really strong market positions in most of our largest markets. Just for reference, in South Korea, which is our second largest business, we're up probably about 20 share points over the last five years. And in Australia and New Zealand, we're up somewhere between 10 and 15 share points over the last five years. Andrex, in the quarter, which is our number fifth largest business, was up over 300 bps on share just in the quarter. So, we feel very good -- and one more on China. I think we're approaching almost 300 bps again on the Huggies in the quarter. So, I think we feel very good about our gains in our largest markets. The exception has been North America, where we have underperformed, but that is improving. A lot of that, I think, was just what I discussed with Jason. We had some severe supply constraints where we weren't able to run our brand plans in the way that we wanted to run last year. We saw solid improvement in Q4. We were up or even in six of eight categories and sequentially improved in five of eight. And so, we feel pretty good about our trajectory. As I said just a while ago, our commercial execution capability has never been better, and we're going to gain share by bringing the right innovations, which our customers are excited about, executing well, and bringing sustainable cost advantage to our business. You mentioned private label. On the note, I would recognize that, yeah, we have seen an uptick in private label in the past quarter or two. I think, if you look at the scanner data, I think it was up or even in seven of eight categories. I'd say, on private label, we are very, very committed to having a superior value proposition in every price tier that we're in. So, versus 2019, if you look on a longer perspective, private label is down a bit and the premium segment is up significantly. And even today, the premium segment continues to grow. So, it is clear that the value tier has picked up a bit, and our shares were impacted in the second and third quarter, although I would say, more from our supply constraints than private label trading. I mean, we compete with private label. We're cognizant of that. Our approach, Anna, is to bring the right set of innovations, which we are accelerating and have been accelerating, and our customers are very supportive of it. There are a couple of categories where we have a little more value offering. Scott 1000 is a great value brand, but I think it competes very, very well in its tier and is really, really accepted by consumers. And so, again, we're cognizant that private label is kind of out there, and that in uncertain or tough economic conditions, value becomes much more important to the consumer. And we're committed to having a great value proposition at every tier.
Mike Hsu: Yeah. I'll just -- I'll make a couple of comments and then Nelson maybe can give some additional detail. But look, see, I would say we are running our Consumer Tissue business, some might say externally, a little differently. I look at our Consumer Tissue business and see it as a premier consumer franchise and I'm proud of the strong margin recovery that we've made over a short period of time in this business. To note, I would say, on a volume basis, if you look at North America for the quarter, our organic and tissue was up 3% and the volume was up 2%. I'm very excited about the volume kind of resiliency in that business. I think it reflects the essential nature of the category. As you know, you're not moving away from the bath category, no matter what the condition is. And so, we recognize we have an important kind of responsibility for consumers. But I think the thing that changed in the past few years, first of all, the amount of inflation that's occurred on our overall business, but especially tissue, has been, not to be dramatic, but fundamentally historic, right? Two years in a row of 2x what the all-time high ever was, right? And so, our teams have done a phenomenal job, I would say, recovering the margins on the business that were necessary to keep that franchise healthy going forward. A couple other things that we've done to improve our ability to manage the business better is, better risk management tools to get us more stability from costs. And hopefully, you guys are seeing that. We're not talking a lot about that, but with Nelson coming in, we've changed some of our practices. With Tamera, our Chief Supply Officer, coming in, we've changed some of our supply chain practices. And so we're trying to reduce the volatility of the input costs. I would say if you looked at the margin recovery, the biggest driver is really, really disciplined application of, we call internally, revenue growth management tools. But if we had not made those investments over the past five years, we would not have been able to move at the pace we moved over the last two years on revenue management. And then, probably the most important thing going forward is the fact that we're driving value-added innovation. And we recognize as a consumer franchise, we have to have a great offering, a superior offering. I mentioned in the UK Andrex, I think we hit about a 33 or 34 share in the quarter. Our price gap has widened over the past three years, but our quality has improved significantly. And we've invested in new technologies in our European tissue business that's allowing us to differentiate that product. And so, we feel good about our position on tissue. There are some pockets of challenge, some markets can be very tough and we're able to operate in those. But we're really pleased with the kind of rapid recovery of margins and how our teams are managing that business right now.
Mike Hsu: Hey, Andrea, great set of questions. Maybe I'll start with the bottom half first, and then Nelson could kind of decomp some of the organic drivers. On the investment, again, my priority would be focused on advertising. I think we get great returns on advertising, both from -- certainly from traditional TV and stuff, but more importantly, the digital, and the returns are very, very high. And so, our focus is there. I mean, we are going to be, I would say, competitive on the promotion front -- on a trade promotion front, but that said, that's not how we're going to drive our business. We do feel like we get great value and we have great creative both on things like Huggies, on U by Kotex, across our business, on Scott 1000 lasts long, and so we got great copy and we're going to invest there.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah, there was a question on the decomposition of our top-line growth for the year and how it relates to Q4, let me address that a little bit, Dara. I think to recap, the fourth quarter was a quarter in which we attained flat volumes and pricing was only 2% of the contribution with mix being 1%. That 2% was largely hyperinflationary economies. And as you think about this year, this is going to be a year in which we see volumes beginning to pick up from Q2 on. And we expect pricing to be in that 200 basis point range, right in-line with what we saw in the last quarter of the year and that pricing is really going to be driven based on what we expect today by hyperinflationary economies. So, the profile is really on the pricing side, very similar to what we saw in Q4.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure. So, let me start, Lauren, by saying that this phase of cost recovery and supply chain stabilization, we would think of it as largely behind us. A lot of the disruptions and the super cycle that we saw, our expectation is for that to not happen in the foreseeable future and certainly in 2024 based on what we know today. So, thinking about cost as a whole, first, our aggregate cost basket is easing in inflation, but there is no deflation, because there are several components that I'd like to unpack. We expect the '24 cost environment to be more stable. But we will still remain at higher levels of costs mostly in-line with what we've seen in this super cycle these past three years. As you know, core commodities like pulp, resin, energy in dollar terms are expected to be somewhat favorable following the trends that we saw in the back half of last year. However, if you think of other components of our cost basket like distribution, logistics, and labor inflation, that's actually going to remain a headwind in this year, in '24, and that's pretty much offsetting the tailwinds that we're seeing on the core commodities, which leaves us with currency-related inflation on imported materials, largely impacting our emerging market hyperinflationary markets, which will need to be addressed, and we've been addressing that over the past years and we intend to do that in the course of the year. Just as a perspective, the overall net cost headwind when you include all of the components is projected to be around 100 basis points for the year, which we see as much more manageable than what we've seen in the past. We've got very strong productivity plans and a little need to price outside of local inflation in these hyperinflationary markets. Turning to FORCE and our productivity targets, the outlook we provided shows that we feel very good about our ability to continue generating strong productivity. You saw that we ended last year with FORCE results of around $325 million. And it's important to highlight that over the last 20 years, FORCE has delivered a little north of $6 billion of cumulative identified productivity that has flown to the P&L. More recently, and we've been talking about it even at your conference in September, we're evolving our culture towards an end-to-end integrated cost management perspective, really focused on gross productivity. We're building a proactive multi-year pipeline of initiatives. We see our pipeline of gross productivity out to 36 months pretty strong, and that should flow to the bottom-line, and this is reflected in the outlook we are providing today. I'm excited to talk more about our transition to gross productivity and integrated margin management at our March meeting when we talk about the future a little more.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah. And, Lauren, to build on what I told Dara on the pricing and hyperinflationary, so a few things. As we think of last year, the full year impact of the mark-to-market of our net monetary position in other income and expense line...
Nelson Urdaneta: Okay. So, the impact above the operating profit line was $115 million for the year and about $70 million for the quarter. That netted off some of the interest income that we perceive on cash balances in Argentina, led to a net impact of about $0.16 on EPS in the year and about $0.09 of EPS in the quarter. As we fast-forward to this year, we are projecting about half of that impact, both in the other income and expense line, and then on EPS. We will see a little bit of more of that impact in the first half of the year, it's reflected in part of our outlook. But that's what's projected at this stage based on what know.
Nelson Urdaneta: Sure, Steve. So, I'll start by reiterating that we're very encouraged by how we finished 2023, a strong foundation for us to build from and a position in which volumes have stabilized. And we had a quarter in which we're flattened volume and mix was another 100 basis points of growth. As we think about the cadence of the year, our first half, second half, balance of sales and earnings, and our quarterly pacing is reflecting a combination of three things. One, our go-to-market plans; two, our productivity initiatives; and thirdly, the current shape of currency headwinds that I talked about a little while ago. On organic sales growth, we see a relatively balanced across the year, but Q1 somewhat muted due to softer volumes on a sequential basis. We have more programming coming into play as the year progresses, especially as Q2 kicks in. And this includes incremental innovation that will be going into market at that stage. So, we should see progressively improvement in volumes and a mix-led organic growth and margins following Q1. The other bit that, again, as we think about Q1 in terms of volumes, we've built into the plan a gradual improvement across the year. And in Q1 specifically, we're expecting another relatively flat volume quarter, also because of the possibility that retail inventory softness pushes us slightly even below that level. But that's reflected in our outlook for the full year, and we expect again, volumes to pick up as the year progresses.
Nelson Urdaneta: And just to build on what Mike was saying and address the investments, over the last few years, as you would have seen, we've stepped it up both on advertising support for our brands and the capabilities that are allowing us to emerge much stronger from this super cycle of inflation that we've seen. Specifically, for 2023, our advertising budget overall increased to more than 5% in net sales, which represented roughly about 100 basis points of increase versus the prior year. And that's about $200 million in absolute terms. As you think about this year, Steve, we will still keep expanding that, but it'll be at about half the pace of what we saw in 2023. And the other bit is in terms of overheads, which would include some of the capabilities we invested in, we are projecting overheads for the year to be largely flat in dollar terms year-over-year. So that can give you a perspective of what we're seeing in terms of investments and overall spend in 2024, building on what we did in the past few years.
Nelson Urdaneta: Yeah. So, in terms of kind of the breakdown by segment, I mean, we expect Personal Care to be growing in the mid to high single digits. So think of mid-single digits overall at the high end. And in the other two segments, we will be growing in the low-single digits. And that kind of gets you to the algorithm that we've provided. As I stated at the beginning, our plan is a vol mix, largely lead plan. And keep in mind that pricing will be around 200 basis points of that. And that's largely related to currency-related movements in hyperinflationary economies. So that's kind of the breakdown on how you should be thinking of our segment growth next year.
