Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul. Good morning. Let’s start with the headlines. First, we achieved organic sales growth of 5% in the third quarter highlighted by 10% growth in K-C International. Second, we increased adjusted earnings per share of 7%, including benefits from organic sales growth and strong cost savings. And third, we’re on track with our overall capital plan, including working capital, capital spending, and allocating cash to shareholders. Now, let’s cover some of the details of the quarter starting with the top line. Third quarter sales were $5.3 billion, even with last year. Underlying organic sales rose 5%. That included higher volumes of 3% and 1 point of growth from both higher net selling prices and improved product mix, while sales in conjunction with our restructuring activities and unfavorable currency rates each reduced net sales by more than 2%. I’m encouraged by the pickup in organic sales growth in the quarter, which Tom will talk more about in a few minutes. Third quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.4%, up 20 basis points from last year, adjusted operating profit rose 1 point with an operating margin of 15.6%, that’s up 10 basis points compared to prior year. Results benefited from our organic sales growth and $70 million of FORCE cost savings, on the other hand we absorbed $55 million of cost inflation and $25 million of negative currency translation effects, currency transaction effects also with the comparisons. Total spending between the lines was down 10 basis points as a percent of sales as slightly lower marketing costs were mostly offset by higher administrative and research spending. Third quarter adjusted effective tax rate was 30.2%, that’s down from last year, but in line with the low end of our full-year target of 30% to 32%. Equity income was up 14% as K-C de Mexico had another solid quarter. Finally, our lower diluted share count added $0.04 of EPS compared to last year. So putting all together, third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.44, that’s up 7% year-on-year. Now, turning to cash flow, our cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $912 million, up 8% compared to $844 million last year. The increase included benefits from working capital and lower pension contributions partially offset by payments related to the changes we’re making in Europe. We continue to manage primary working capital well. Our year-to-date cash conversion cycle is down four days compared to full-year 2012. So we’re on track to exceed our original one-day improvement target. In terms of capital allocation, third quarter dividend payments and share repurchases totaled more than $450 million. We repurchased $150 million of KMB stock in the quarter, and we continue to expect full-year share repurchases of $1.2 billion. Now, I’ll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. In Personal Care, organic sales rose more than 5%, driven by volume growth of 5%. Performance was led by K-C International, where organic sales were up 10%. Third quarter Personal Care operating margins were solid at 17.9%, although down just slightly year-on-year. Moving to Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 5%, net selling prices increased 3% with higher volumes and favorable mix each adding 1 point to growth. The organic growth was driven by a 10% increase in K-C International and a 4% improvement in North America. Consumer Tissue operating margins of 14.3% were up 80 basis points versus last year. Our margins continued to benefit from revenue realization strategies, cost savings, and disciplined management of our between the lines spending. Turning to K-C Professional, organic sales were up 5%, net selling prices and volumes each increased 2%, product mix was favorable by 1 point. Performance was led by K-C International with 11% organic growth. Organic sales were up low-single digits in both North America and Europe. Our KCP team continues to deliver strong margins. This quarter margins were 18.4%, up 90 basis points year-on-year. Lastly, healthcare organic sales were up 4%, driven by higher volumes in our medical device business. Healthcare operating margins of 17.4% improved nicely both sequentially and compared to prior year with benefits from organic sales growth, cost savings, and below average spending between the lines. So that wraps up my comments, to recap; we generated solid organic sales growth, we improved adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to allocate capital in shareholder-friendly ways. Now I’ll turn it over to Tom.
Mark A. Buthman: Well, really this was the strategy all along where we said the diaper business was consuming resources and was probably starving the good performing businesses that we had in Europe, and so we put more emphasis on our DryNites business in Europe which is going great, and Pull-Ups and we’ve seen all those businesses take off, we picked up some additional distribution as we created some shelf space and we have been able to take advantage of some of that and some of it is obviously gone to private label or other competitors, but the additional emphasis, a little bit of additional marketing spend, some innovation and some additional distribution has helped those businesses pick up a little bit. So I’d say baby wipes was probably the star of that show in the quarter, but DryNites and Training Pants in Europe also had a solid quarter.Ali Dibadj – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay, thanks so much guys.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, and again we’ll give you more color on 2014 on the January call. If you look at the diaper question, it’s essentially going to be matching up with competitive counts in the marketplace broadly and averaged about a 7% count change now, some of that will be spent back. And so I would say the yield will be – probably be less than half of that in terms of what we’ll have to work with in terms of P&L, but we’ll see how that plays out as it roles out in late first quarter of next year. And for 2014, the big question will obviously be currency rates. And so when you look at the kind of drag that currency had on this quarter, if you look at the combination of translation and transaction, it’s about a 3.5 points. And at the peak it was more like a 5 point drag, when you look that where rates have peaked. So that will be the big bet for 2014. If we still see a big currency drag in 2014, it will be tough to get to the high-end of the range, but we still think that’s the right range for us long-term to develop our plan around.Chip A. Dillon – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark A. Buthman: Well, I would say in HealthCare, if you kind of look at the year-to-date average as a better predictor of the profitability of the business, we’ve had some unusual things that hit the second quarter that made a little lower than normal and probably some of those things are reversed and benefited the third quarter that made a little higher than normal. But I’d say, if you look at the year-to-date number that’s probably a pretty good proxy for our run rate for that business.
Mark A. Buthman: I mean historically every time we’ve done this, it’s been around a while, but done a few of these. Here you do see a little bit of household inventory destocking, because the packages have less diapers and the consumer said about the same average number of packages than they’re holding slightly fewer diapers. So their usage per day doesn’t change just as a result of the pack count. But their average inventory level drops by roughly half of the comp decline if you’re an economist that would probably be the right answer and we’ve typically seen that for a period of time. So I would expect that will be a drag in the first half of next year and eventually it kind of stabilizes.
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, KCI in the third quarter was 39% and year-to-date it’s probably high 30%, 37%, 38% we might guess some.
Mark A. Buthman: Bill at this point, we got so many opportunities we’re chasing in Personal Care are not fully exploited. I mean if you look at the KCI business, it’s still heavily overweight diapers and fem care. And so it’s underweight, baby wipes is underweight, adult care both Depend on employees, Childcare, Little Swimmers, GoodNites are all still a very small businesses. :
Mark A. Buthman: I mean, I’d say in most emerging markets, we’re in multi-tier and it’s more of a Tier-3, 4. China was sort of the outlier that we started in Tier-5 basically when we relaunched Huggies several years ago, and then built down into the mid-tier, and so we’re in Tier-3, 4, 5 and 6 in China basically. I mean, we just sort of created Tier-6, so we’re the only ones in it. But there have been other markets. If you look at market like Mexico, we’d be present in all tiers. Brazil would be probably a combination of Tiers-2, 3, and 4. Russia is mostly 3 and 4. So we’re really trying to figure out what – where is the market today and then how do we make sure we can bring a differentiated product that delivers a good experience for mom.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, MBFK is up, but eucalyptus which we use a lot more of is down, so we averaged and our outlook for that was – is $7.90 for the fourth quarter, and we give you that outlook in July with more $8.05, and on October it’s below $7.70. So we’re picking it up on other fiber sources. Recycled fibers, another one that we buy about 1 million tons of recycled fiber a year, and our outlook in July was for that, that averaged 245 and now we’re saying it’s going to average 214. And so we’re seeing benefits in other fiber resources that you might not have a much visibility too that, that’s helping us on that front. Oil is certainly one that – that was – that $30 million of other cost inflation in the quarter was mostly polymer, that’s oil related.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, if you look at a lot of the private label share gains this year was, I think in at least partly response to GP’s service issues where they actually lost some shelf space to private label. We picked up a little bit as did our other primary competitor. And I think as we see GP coming back into full customer service, I would say at this point we’re seeing a more normal level of competitive activity in the marketplace. :Javier Escalante – Consumer Edge Research, LLC:
Mark A. Buthman: Yeah, I think our Huggies business was pretty solid throughout the quarter and so there may have been some changeover late in the quarter that was some small advantage, but I would say it was pretty consistent growth throughout the quarter.Javier Escalante – Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay, thank you very much.
Mark A. Buthman: As we go through Mexico, I think they announced late last week and had their call with their outlook. So I don’t want to trump whatever Pablo might have told you on the call. But we’ve been very happy with the year they’ve put together. It’s a tougher economic environment than they thought. So the Mexican economy was expected to grow kind of 4%, 5% in the last date I saw, it was just a little under 1%. And so lots of exciting change happening in that marketplace. But that has probably also created some challenges in the short-term. There is lots of competition down there. So CMPC is pretty aggressive, FCA is pretty aggressive. So there is plenty of people that want to eat our lunch in Mexico. But the K-C de Mexico team has done a great job of delivering as they have for many, many years and I’d expect that to continue going forward, probably not at that same kind of growth rate. But they’re going to be a solid consistent top and bottom line performance for us.Chip A. Dillon – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Gotcha, thanks.
Mark A. Buthman: Not at this stage. And we’re focused on driving innovation with better performing Kleenex. We’ve had some Cottonelle upgrades. We’ve got some great Viva and Scott Towel products out there. So we’ve got, and a good pipeline of innovation coming that will give us some news, we can talk about in 2014 and beyond.Ali Dibadj – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks very much.
Mark A. Buthman: All right. Thank you for the questions and thanks David. We’ll wrap up with a quick closing comment from Tom.
Thomas J. Falk: It should roll off, and first quarter of 2014 would be the last big one. We had a little bit still in the second quarter of this year, so it should be fully rolled off by mid next year.Wendy Nicholson – Citi Investment Research:  Got it, terrific. Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, sure. In Diapers, we were really not strategically where we wanted to be on price in second quarter. So we had to adjust a couple of price points on key packings. You saw a little bit of that and about 1 point drag on price in North American diapers. We also tuned our marketing messages a little bit. We had launched innovation in the second quarter. It wasn’t hitting as hard as we wanted, so we’ve changed the ad campaign in third quarter and saw that pick up nicely. So, great product performance where it has got the right messages on shelf and we are – it’s one of those where you wish you would have done in the second quarter, but we didn’t and we’ve checked and adjusted and saw the results in the third quarter. In the Child Care business, the toughest comp of the year, last year third quarter, they were up double-digits and it had more to do with timing of promotion that shipped in the third quarter last year that shipped in the second quarter of this year. And so if you look at our Child Care business year-to-date, I think the volume is down about a point, share is pretty flat, and so that’s reflective of the category overall. We continue to have as you know a pretty high share in that space. Fem Care saw a good high-single digit growth, had a little bit weaker second quarter. Some of that is stuff that will show up and share more in the fourth quarter as it shipped a little later in the quarter. So overall, we feel pretty good about the momentum in U by Kotex and you are seeing that that play out in the marketplace. And then in the Adult Care business, its continued good in innovation and execution really a solid share performance, I think we had a record share for both the pan [ph] employees in the quarter and retailers were happy with the movement as well.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say, the date is a little less, immediately available. So we kind of get visibility now in the second quarter surgeries and I’d say I was getting less negative, in the second quarter, so that’s a positive and I think in some cases, some of the improvement in devices was additional penetration where we’re able to use our pain pumps on more procedures and our sales teams had some wins in the marketplace with the device products that we’re selling. And so it was probably a function of a little bit better surgical environment and a little bit better category penetration that drove into the quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Not really I mean mostly people need diapers and bathroom tissue everyday, no matter what’s going on in Washington and that was the case, we don’t have a very big direct government business so that was not a factor for us to any large extent. And we’ll see and we start to get some consumer confidence data if they had an effect from that standpoint, but it’s probably little early to read that. I know talking to some of our retail partners they did see a dip in stores that were near U.S. military bases, but that didn’t overall for us play out and much from a category standpoint.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think that’s one that we haven’t had in the last couple of years, a big commodity push. But I’ve been around long enough. I remember times when we did and so we went for about three years where commodities were double what we thought and that definitely put pressure on margins for a while. We put that around and have a more robust cost savings program and I think driving innovation is giving us a better margin profile. But we also that’s something that we’re watching for and trying to do a better job of predicting and getting ahead of where we can. So with kind of the third quarter trend, where you get both commodity and currency going against you a little bit was a challenge, but the fact that we overcame that gives us confidence going forward.Caroline Levy – CLSA Americas LLC: Thank you so much.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, if I want to start with KCP, I mean this had really pretty good execution and have delivered terrific profit margins. Our innovation has been successful in the marketplace. But we probably lost a bit of business in the part of the portfolio that we weren’t selling the new innovation to and so they’ve kind of gone back and try to make sure we’re picking up any of those opportunities that we might have lost. And I thought to North American business for KCP turnaround in the quarter was encouraging. So that will be one example of that. And our KCP team would still see a lot of international opportunity as we see in KCI generally. And so we think we’re in very early days in China in that business and there is a huge opportunity in that market industrializes for all types of products. And so I do see a pretty robust pipeline coming for KCP in particular. HealthCare as you know, that there is some different economic factors that work, when – in the past we’ve had pandemics, you’ve seen huge volume spikes and then it falls off or you have to lap it at the next year. So there is a little bit more volatility. I think we’re all trying to figure out in North America in particular, what’s going to happen from a healthcare spend overall? What’s going to happen? What procedures? And so there is probably a little bit more variability around our outlook for that business going forward. But it was great to see a solid execution in the third quarter and good profit performance.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean we’ve got a market-based contract in Brazil, but you’re seeing more capacity come online and at least the stuff we’re – the average forecast we’re seeing has been headed down this year went rather than up. So I haven’t looked at Bloomberg, but that maybe of futures price or something like that, but…
Thomas J. Falk: As you know, we want to be solidly in the middle of the A range. And so if we drift up to the upper end of the A range, we may increase our debt just a little bit to validate that back and you may notice that Mark and his team borrowed about $800 million in May, I think to fund a $500 million debt retirement in August. And so we increased our debt by about $300 million and then that extra amount went into share repurchases versus our plan for the year.
Thomas J. Falk: These are very high-Q, low value businesses, so retailers really don’t want these in their warehouse. So we’ve pretty aggressive on helping them with inventory returns.Jason English – Goldman Sachs & Co.: It makes sense. Thanks a lot guys. I’ll pass it on.
Thomas J. Falk: So once again we were pleased with our organic top line performance and our continued execution of our global business plan and that we continue to make those benefits be available to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So thank you again for your support of Kimberly-Clark.
