Paul Alexander: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's year end earnings conference call. Here in Dallas is : Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call today. Mark will begin with a review of our fourth quarter results, followed by an overview of the additional actions we announced this morning. Tom will then provide his perspective on the results and discuss our 2011 outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. For those wishing to follow along, we have a presentation of today's materials including the key assumptions for our 2011 plan in the Investors section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com.  Before we begin, let me remind you that we'll be making forward-looking statements during the call. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a description of factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I'd also like to point out that we will be referring to adjusted results. For 2010, that excludes a one-time loss in the first quarter for the re-measurement of the local currency balance sheet in Venezuela. For 2011, our adjusted outlook excludes anticipated costs for the pulp and tissue restructuring. Management believes that reporting in this manner enables investors to better understand and analyze our ongoing results of operations. For further information and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. Now I'll turn it over to Mark.
Paul Alexander: Yes, it was spread fairly evenly through all the businesses. It wasn't isolated to one individual one.
Paul Alexander: Gail, I think you for the full year of 2011, if our volumes come in like we're expecting, you shouldn't curtailment be a big mover, one way or the other. It should be pretty neutral for the full year.
Paul Alexander: I think maybe, Bill, if you just look at the third and fourth quarter and average them, that's more reflective of the marketplace.
Paul Alexander: Bill, if you just look at the full year for 2010, we're up or flat in about half of our categories and that would be Fem Care, as you mentioned, Adult Care is up strongly and then Child Care is up as well. We're flat in Facial Tissue, although improving in the second half of the year very nicely. And then where we have lost a little bit of share is in Bath Tissue and Towels. And then Diapers is down about one point for the year.
Paul Alexander: Alice, the only other thing I would mention is that we're watching the category closely. It's still likely to be down in the first half 2011.
Thomas Falk: Good question. I would read into this exactly as we pitched that we're going to close five to six facilities. They're primarily not producing brand new products. And so this really won't affect our branded businesses from a volume standpoint anywhere in the world. And both these pulp mills were in a strong currency environments, and that's just make it tough for them to be competitive on a world pulp market. So exiting this last couple of own-make pulp operations is really the guts of this and then there are some other facilities that were primarily making either private label or hard rolls, non-branded products.
Thomas Falk: Good question. A couple factors. I mean the birthrate has stayed negative a lot longer than we would have thought causing the category to be down about a percent, where we would have expected the category to be up about a percent. In the fourth quarter, we saw some trade down as both private label and Luvs picked up share. P&G probably lost more share from their top-tier product. We actually gained some share in our top-tier products and lost some share in our mainline Huggies products. And so, we got some pretty aggressive innovation coming behind that. You may recall in the second quarter our jeans diaper, popped our diaper share up and we wound up essentially giving most of that back in the back half of the year which is part of the sequential comparison. But we expect the category trends to moderate a bit in 2011 probably toward the back half of the year. And we got a lot of innovation coming to make sure that we maintain our share levels at the level a brand leader should.
Thomas Falk: Well, that's certainly our goal. Obviously, this restructuring won't close all of that margin gap. But if you look at where we are pulp price, just last year, we had nearly $500,000 of pulp price increase and recovered less than half of that in selling prices in our Tissue segments. So we still got some room to recover price and margin in this category. So pulp price has moderated a bit. Hopefully we'll be able to see some margin improvement from that standpoint. In the meantime, we're driving mix and price wherever we can, and you saw some of that in the Tissue segment in the fourth quarter with about five points in that price.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think that's probably right. I think the other factors is that as we look at what's going on in Venezuela, we are able to see price in markets like that as well so.
Thomas Falk: Yes, sure. Well, first of all, everybody I think had expected pulp to start to come down even in the back half of last year and it's been pretty sticky at surprisingly high levels. In the fourth quarter, I think inventories in pulp came down another couple of days and the pulp market is still relatively tight and you are seeing pricing being fairly firm as we ended the first quarter here. Certainly, the gap between softwood and hardwood is one that we tried to exploit so to the extent that we can substitute more eucalyptus for northern softwood that is a strategy that we'll continue to employ while making sure we don't make any trade-offs on tissue quality.
Thomas Falk: I would say not substantial. The market has been fairly tight and you're also seeing it in other markets, secondary fiber is usually another way to look at the tension in the pulp mark and secondary fiber has been pretty quiet and availability has been even a challenge in some parts of the world. So it is, there's not an abundance of fiber around at this point and that makes for a good pricing environment for the sellers, not so good for the buyers.
Thomas Falk: Yes, a couple of things going down there, private labels has been the big winner and then probably to a lesser extent Bounty Basic. So the category has shifted down. I think private label sales were up a couple of points in towels last year, and we launched share and so did many of the other minor brands. So that's been the challenge and so we lost some distribution last year. We got some of that back in 2011, and so our momentum sequentially should be a little bit better from a distribution standpoint. And we've got an aggressive product and promotion plan to make sure that we stem the share losses and start to get those back in a more positive foot. We saw a little bit of share uptick in the fourth quarter in our Towel business which is a positive sign but we got to keep that going.
Thomas Falk: One of the things you're seeing is that -- and maybe Mark can talk a little bit about this, we are much more focused on targeting cash conversion cycle, and making sure we're keeping our inventories in line.
Thomas Falk: Yes, good question. We tend to buy all the industry pricing forecasts, and so we took -- there's three or four of them that we look at. We average those and that's what we plug into our model. So we tend to try not to think that we're smarter than the market. We rely on others that are looking at these things for a living and so that's basically what all the forecasters are calling for, is for those -- pulp to soften a bit in the back half of the year. And so we factor that into our pricing and promotion assumptions.
Thomas Falk: That's a good question. Everyone of our teams is really focused on that, what opportunities do we have from a pricing standpoint, what opportunities do we have from accelerating cost savings, are there other things that we can do to manage risk on commodities differently. So each team is focused on what happens if pulp doesn't come down or what opportunities do we have to adjust and still deliver our results.
Thomas Falk: You're seeing inflation in a lot of markets around the world these days. So if you go to a market like China or Vietnam, I mean there is a quite a bit of inflation in those local economies broadly. And so we're not out of stuff with everybody else and you're seeing that kind of pressure flow through lots of places these days.
Thomas Falk: No, from a volume standpoint, you can see the kind of category growth we're still experiencing. So the categories still seem to be pretty robust. And the consumer, their purchasing power is improving as well. You're getting lots of wage inflation on those markets as well so their purchasing power isn't taking as big of a hit here as you would expect in another market that was experiencing cost increases without wage increases.
Thomas Falk: If you looked at our Personal Care pricing in the fourth quarter, ex-Venezuela, there was not a lot going on there. There are pretty very, very minor swings. It's much more a volume story. And so our opportunity in most of the emerging markets is to drive mix where we can by offering improved products and continuing to drive the consumer up the product performance scale. But beyond that, there isn't a huge amount of price. There were some areas where we took some temporary price reductions to match up with competitive activity. That may ease a little bit in 2011 and that's about, I think, kind of what you'd see in Personal Care.
Thomas Falk: In some cases in the emerging markets where their are currencies are strengthened they have been able to handle the material cost increases better, except pulp is up so much that, that has overwhelmed the benefit of their currency appreciation.
Thomas Falk: I'm just saying more of the pricing in international market is probably going to be in the Tissue side than on the Personal Care side in 2011. And it's not that you don't have the elasticity, it's that you're more focused on driving category growth and making sure your priced right and relative to competition in the marketplace.
Thomas Falk: The biggest gap in 2011 versus our long-term model is we're not bringing as much of the gross margin improvement that we expect down to operating margin improvement. So instead of seeing 30 to 40 basis points of operating margin improvement in 2011, it's more like zero to 10 basis points in that range. And so part of that is we're still investing at a bit more of an aggressive rate on A&P. We're investing more in R&D. We've also got a little bit of a drag in 2011 where our incentive comp didn't pay out, that target in 2010, we're planning in 2011 that it will. So that's probably a drag that in a normal year-on-year situation you won't have as much of.
Thomas Falk: I think these were the right decisions for our Tissue business at this point in time. These were facilities and businesses that we didn't think would earn our cost of capital over the long term and that we needed to exit it. The asset costs on pulp mills, they tend to asset-intensive complex operations, which makes it a bit more expensive to exit them because they were essentially producing pulp at costs that were not that far off market rate. The savings are a little lighter as you exit them. So while we would say it's not as good of a payback as other restructurings that we've done, it was the right thing to do from a shareholders standpoint. It's about a three-year cash payback under the midpoint of our assumptions here.
Thomas Falk: You see, Bill, we're not feeling sick yet so you can hold the ad nauseam, I guess. Well, you probably saw more with timing of promotions year-over-year there's a little bit more activity last year than this year. And so there wasn't a lot of other competitive noise -- it's still a competitive marketplace out there. I don't know, Paul, is there any other...
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we would say what environment we'd like to operate in is probably more price stability and relatively predictable economic growth. I think our challenge is probably more that we've had a lot of volatility and the economies haven't been and categories haven't been growing particularly well.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we tend to look at it by each of our portfolio roles, where we are gaining share, where we attempted to gain share and where are we holding share. I think we commented that for the year, about half of or in the fourth quarter, seven out of eight were up versus the first half. So I don't know if there's a specific question that you're looking for there.
Thomas Falk: The panel data for some of our categories isn't that representative because it didn't have that many diapering households in it. But I don't know, Paul, you got the share chart in front of you.
Thomas Falk: We focus on we would say a healthy P&L would have gross margins improving every year. We'd invest a portion of that in innovation, both in marketing spend to loss innovation, as well as R&D to help develop the innovation and still bring some of that gross margin improvement down to an operating margin improvement. And so as you think about our Global Business Plan, that's how we're working it. As the business grows, you should get some efficiencies in the SG&A area, and so the combination of that would see gross margin growing 30 to 40 basis points, a little bit faster growth in A&P and innovation. Some leverage from SG&A and translated into operating margin improvements. And so I'd say in these last couple of years, we have been increasing strategic marketing spending at a little bit faster pace so that rate of growth will probably tail off but I hope we are in a position where we've got great innovation coming that improves our margins and we keep that good growth flywheel turning.
Thomas Falk: I mean, really virtually all of the margin decline was litigation-related. We'd expect that the litigation-related costs in 2011 should be pretty similar to or perhaps slightly higher than what we experienced in 2010. So that should help you with your model from that standpoint.
Thomas Falk: That would be correct. These are basically non-branded products that in many cases, it will be selling the mill with the related non-branded business that would go with it.
Thomas Falk: Well, because they are integrated is the challenge. The two that we named, the one in Australia is it feeds us less pulp into a tissue mill. And so we're going to shut down a couple of assets in the tissue mill but it's also the site of our Australian tissue capacity that feeds the rest of the Australian businesses and all of our branded products. And so we couldn't in the timeframe that we're doing that, come up with a way to carve those things out. And at the time when we did that spin off, the dollar was probably closer to a $0.50 dollar than it is today. And that makes a big difference on the global competitiveness of that pulp asset. Everett is somewhat the same story where Everett has been a facility we've had since the Scott merger and the pulp from that pulp mill has gone into that tissue-making facility and we have made a decision now that we're going to pursue a sale of that facility.
Thomas Falk: They will be pretty similar. We will wind up moving a little bit of product loading around out of some of these facilities that we're exiting. But I would say, broadly our utilization rate will be pretty similar. Remember, we're also buying some tissue in on the outside and bringing that in and converting it. So there may be an opportunity to do less of that and load up some of our existing facilities to a greater level.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would say the marketplace is aggressive. We're stepping up our game to make sure that we're strategic and staying with the piece of the business that we're excited about. And you're seeing our sales force be probably a little more aggressive in the market place today. We're also seeing really good growth on our Wipers and Safety business and that is carrying some pieces of Washroom business with it which is good to see. So it didn't show up in the volume trends in the fourth quarter, but we're expecting to see that tick-up as we enter 2011.
Thomas Falk: No. We only have one integrated mill in North America, which is Everett. The other was the mill in Australia.
Thomas Falk: Certainly, Everett we'll be pursuing a sale. I think in the mill in Australia is probably the more likely that it will wind up as a closure, but you never know.
Thomas Falk: Yes, that's probably in the ballpark, I'd say. Across the -- there's five or six facilities involved, we've only named two of them. But we've named the two largest and so you're probably in the ballpark.
Thomas Falk: No, we have kind of quit giving quarterly guidance last year. So we've given you the annual guidance. I guess all I would say is that I would say that the year will be a little bit back-end loaded where we'd expect to see some better category growth from a consumer standpoint, as well as some modestly lower commodity costs in the back half and then our cost savings should build as we go through the year. So we expect to see stronger finish to the year at this stage.
Thomas Falk: No, probably more the decline was Towel-related but the Facial category has been a little bit weak, because of a weak cold and flu season. So even though we picked up share sequentially, the categories not been that robust. We're seeing a little bit better symptomology in the first quarter and so we may wind up with a little later cold and flu season, we'll have to see.
Thomas Falk: Really more the latter, John. We just see with what you can borrow long-term money for today relative to our dividend yield. It's a no-brainer and we've sized this to leave us with some financial flexibility within our A credit rating to still take advantage of our opportunistic tuck-in M&A. And so while we're disappointed with some of the litigation-related costs that we took in the Health Care business, the I-Flow deal was still a very good acquisition for us. The business is performing well, ex the litigation costs. I mean, the volume is there, the margin is there. We're seeing good momentum with the sales team and so yes, we still obviously, wish the litigation results were a little bit better but we still are pretty bullish about that acquisition long-term for us.
Thomas Falk: The proceeds should be probably fairly modest in this. I don't think it will affect our cash outlook. I think the pulp mills are somewhat capital intensive to keep running. So that will probably help us deploy the capital spending that would have been spent on these facilities to some of our higher-margin opportunities.
Thomas Falk: No, I would say my life preference is to have cleaner earnings without a lot of one-time charges. On the other hand, I do want to try to be as transparent as I can. And we're not going to shy away from taking decisions that we think can create shareholder value if it will result in a unusual item. And so we're going to try to balance that and give you as much transparency as we can of what's in the numbers and things that are big that we think may distract investors from understanding what's actually happening in the underlying business we'll call out separately. But our long-range goal is to have reported GAAP numbers.
Thomas Falk: No, we would expect to see a modest volume improvement in 2011. We think the category is probably is going to be fairly flat which would be an improvement from where it was in 2010. So just the category getting a little healthier will help us. But we've also got a pretty good innovation plan coming in 2011 that we think will help from that standpoint.
Thomas Falk: Well, yes, we lost about a point of share in 2010 in Diapers, so we'd expect to get that back. And we picked up share in training pants. Our momentum in Baby Wipes was positive in the back half of the year. So we'd expect that to continue and the combination of all of those should help our Baby Child Care volumes in 2011.
Thomas Falk: Yes. But if you ask me that every year, Alice, I would tell you that, that's our plan. So we don't ever have a plan that says we lose share in diapers.
Thomas Falk: Yes. We've got a fair amount of innovation coming so I think we're focused on getting the share back that we lost in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Falk: Well, probably a little bit of both. And I think in some categories you're see this trading up-trading down phenomena where you see the Super Premium segment growing and the Value segment growing and kind of the Mainline segment shrinking. And Bath Tissue is one where we're seeing that a bit lately.
Thomas Falk: Yes, we lost some distribution in towels at Wal-Mart in 2010. We've got some of it back later in the year. And as it relates to Viva specifically, there could be some regional differences depending on where you shop, where we've got more distribution in some parts of the country than others. So overall, I would say we have seen some improvements in our distribution on a sequential basis, but we've still got some work to do to get to where we want to be.
Thomas Falk: Sure. What we tend to do is we're targeting a real increase in dividend growth over time or growing it at a faster rate than our earnings growth. And so for me, it tends to kind of follow the prior year earnings growth rate. So if you go back to '09, we had a very good earnings growth performance. We had a higher dividend increase in 2010. In 2010, we had a little bit weaker earnings performance so we had a little bit lower dividend increase in 2011. And so I'd look at the prior year earnings growth as an indicator for what we might be thinking about from a dividend increase.
Thomas Falk: I think we've got a very solid lineup again in 2011. And I think that's an expectation you should have for us going forward and not just in the U.S. market but in the international markets as well. So we're setting increasingly higher innovation targets for ourselves around the world to make sure we're building our brands and improving our margins and mix going forward. So U by Kotex was great. We're supporting it again with more launch activity and new items in 2011. Jeans diaper was great in 2010, expect to see good innovation coming from Huggies in 2011. Our Kleenex hand towel launch met its objectives in 2010. Expect to see more coming from that in 2011. And so all of our teams are continuing to raise the bar in innovation every year.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I would expect to see some launch activity in the first half of the year in our Diapers space. So if you look at those businesses, we typically are having one to two product improvements a year across both the Premium and the Mainline business. So expect to see some news consistently coming from Huggies in 2011.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think the Hand Towel and U are changing consumer behavior. We've got the distribution we were looking for at launch, and we basically delivered the movement with our retail customers that we were expecting. A part of the reason we probably waited to talk about it a little bit is we wanted to see a repeat. So you can often get trial when you are getting a consumer to try something new but we wanted to see, did mom come back and buy another package. And so we wanted to kind of see that play out in the back half of the year and we started to see some repeat numbers that were consistent with our expectation and we've got a long way to go before we will say we've really changed habits and we built a long-term successful new category for us and for the retail customer, but we think we are on the right track and we're going to keep investing on it. I think that's maybe the other change is that we stay with our investments and our innovation a little bit longer to make sure that it's not just a one-year, one-hit wonder.
Thomas Falk: Yes, in 2011, I think your assumption on phasing is probably about right. In 2011, virtually all of the cost increases was oil-related. So whether that's polymer, adhesives, non-wovens, materials, as well as the diesel fuel to move the product around, you would expect to see really virtually all of the costs increase in 2011 in those areas.
Thomas Falk: The super Bowl is in Dallas this year? Oh, that's right. I've heard that. The funny thing is, Jason, I don't have even have tickets. And the Green Bay Packers are playing, my favorite team. So no, we will not be running a Super Bowl ad. But we have got a lot of great advertising and digital marketing spend coming in 2011 that you'll be able to a watch on TV the rest of the year.
Thomas Falk: I think fashion is certainly an area in our Personal Care arena that we're trying to drive in lots of different ways and doing that with better design across our various platforms has been key. And so I think that Jeans Diaper was an example of that. We have done that in a bunch of different markets around the world. So expect us to continue to do some things with that whole idea of bringing an element of fashion to diapers, which mom loves. She wants her baby to look good, and Huggies can provide that. We also saw some of our Depend products where we brought more underwear-like look to create a kind of a super premium space in Depend. And then U by Kotex, when you look at the design and the packaging and the graphics, we're doing a lot in those areas to drive innovation across those platforms.
Thomas Falk: I think the Venezuela is what you would say is probably was a point drag of volume but we also got some price in that market. So the net of the two didn't have that much of an impact on our overall sales in the fourth quarter or for the full year for that matter. And what you are seeing is that, particularly for any of our products that are imported that use a high level of imported material, it's just tough to get supply and to be able to bring products in and put it on the shelf. And so I think you are seeing continued pressure across lots of categories that are facing those same challenges. And from a currency exchange standpoint, there really is no market any longer, so the only exchange that is available is through the government programs. And so, we are participating in those to the extent that we can but the amount that flows out of those programs isn't enough to be able to support a lot of the imports that we'd like to bring into the country.
Thomas Falk: Well, I think Mark can give you a more detailed answer. But it seems like every government in the world has got a budget problem and wants to solve it by taxing corporations, is kind of the short answer but maybe Mark's got a more scientific answer for you.
Thomas Falk: First quarter 2011 should be the last of that and then it should turn significantly positive in Q2 and Q3 as we had some more inventory reductions and distributors in the middle of 2010.
Thomas Falk: Yes, I think we're up $110 million through the third quarter so that would make us down $10 million in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Falk: We have done a lot of work with Wal-Mart's logistics teams over the years. And we have a customer pick up program that's available to all of our customers that Wal-Mart has taken advantage of for many, many years. So that's not really new for us probably because we're such high-cube, high-velocity categories. That is one we've worked on maybe a little bit before. We haven't pushed to the end point that I think some customers are going to with Wal-Mart with their -- doing all of their volume that way. I think we are really looking at it with them opportunistically to see which lanes of that make sense for them and for us.
Thomas Falk: I'd be guessing, Ali, but we do have a pretty robust pick-up with them. They are obviously our largest pick-up customer at this point.
Thomas Falk: I think that probably will be for a variety of reasons, not having to do with Wal-Mart or us, will may not be where ultimately we wind up because some lanes are such good low-cost carrier options with good backhaul that is probably going to make more sense for us to use carriers in those situations.
Thomas Falk: Well, we're about 8% integrated today and so that will go basically to 0. So we consume about 2.5 million tons of pulp, so that's just under 200,000 tons of pulp production at those two facilities.
Thomas Falk: Okay, once again we're on track with executing our plan in 2011 to deliver on our earnings growth expectations. So we're deploying cash in shareholder-friendly ways. And as usual, we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thank you.
Mark Buthman: Yes, our inventories are down about -- I think our total cash conversion cycle is down about three weeks from the start of 2009. We ended the year at about where we wanted to be in inventories. With soft demand we're working had through lean and continuous improvement to keep our inventories in line, and we're much more attuned to taking downtime when demand doesn't support production. So I think you're going to see that more as just an ongoing normal part of our business going forward.
Mark Buthman: And I think keep in mind, Andrew, we are at near all-time record prices. and I think the relative value of the dollar drives that, demand from Asia drives that, production capacity drives that. And so our outlook isn't for a dramatic decrease but more a slight downtick consistent with what industry experts would say off a pretty high base.
Mark Buthman: I think, Ali, too the general economic outlook is for continued relatively high unemployment. Generally weak sort of Packaged Goods category demand particularly in North America and Western Europe. And as the economy starts to recover, I think some of our products and some of our categories will kind of rebound with that. So our focus near term is to try to do all we can to drive margins through cost savings, improve product mix, get pricing where we can, leverage our balance sheet for support. And as the economy turns, I think you're going to see us get back on track for our long-range business algorithm.
Mark Buthman: I think the only other add is this is going to take a couple of years to play out. So it's not a calendar year, it's not something we can complete within 12 months. And it's sizable enough so there's an element of time that goes into that decision as well.
Mark Buthman: Priya, a guesstimated answer to the part or the second part of your question first, we're targeting solid A credit metrics and access top tier commercial paper. So there's a whole range of metrics within there and we'd like to be solidly in that space. I think post this move will do that. In terms of timing and nature of the debt issuance, we've got to see how the markets play out. So we've got a plenty of CP capacity that we could utilize and obviously long-term rates are pretty low relative to historic terms. So our trade routine is taking a look at both timing and nature of it and as soon as we make a decision and go to market, you'll know.
Mark Buthman: No, I think that's about it. It's just a general kind of upward flow of the tax rate and some of the things you could do with your effective tax rate planning, say, ten years ago, just aren't available to you. So we are doing the best we can to manage our structure, underlying structural rate. I would say maybe the one thing that is changing and you would see any business that's growing outside of North America as we look to repatriate cash to North America. That tends to put a little upward pressure on the rate. If there is a kind of a something that internally, that's [indiscernible].
Mark Buthman: And I think what we are doing with them is we're both working on ways to take logistics costs out of the system and make the inventory flow to shelf faster. And that's in the end, what creates value for both of us.
