Paul Alexander: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's second quarter earnings conference call. With us today are Mike Hsu, our Chief Executive Officer; and Maria Henry, our CFO. Here is the agenda for the call. Maria will begin with a review of second quarter results. After that, Mike will provide his perspectives on our results and the outlook for the full-year. We will finish with Q&A. We have a presentation of today's materials in the Investors section of our website. As a reminder, we will be making forward-looking statements today. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. Lastly, we will be referring to adjusted results and outlook, which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. That release has further information about these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures. And now, I will turn the call over to Maria.
Paul Alexander: Andrea, this is Paul. I would say, in general, there has been no change in how we forecast commodities. And so we are using the forecasters that you are doing well, including RECY and then we generally would line up with what they forecast.
Paul Alexander: Caroline, I think what I would add to that is, focused on the net of price mix and volume, especially in that market. And if you do that across developed markets, we were down about 1%.
Paul Alexander: Alright. We appreciate everyone's questions today and thanks to the support from our shareholders. And we will speak with you next quarter. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.
Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. Let me start with the headlines for the quarter. Organic sales increased 5% driven by higher net selling prices. We achieved strong cost savings, margin improvements and growth in adjusted earnings per share. And finally, we are broadly on-track with our overall capital plan and we continue to return cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results starting with sales. Our second quarter net sales were $4.6 billion. That is even with a year-ago and includes a five-point drag from currency rates. Organic sales were up 5% compared to flat performance in the base period. Net selling prices increased 5% and product mix improved one point, while volumes fell slightly. Mike will provide some more color in our top-line in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability. Second quarter adjusted gross margin was 34.6%, up 120 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 3% [indiscernible]. We now expect full-year commodity inflation of $150 million to $250 million. On average that is $150 million lower than our previous estimate. The reduction is driven primarily by cost and secondarily other raw materials. Other manufacturing costs also increased in the quarter compared to a relatively modest level last year. These costs are expected to be a bit higher than we planned for, for the full-year. Moving further down the P&L, between the lines spending was up 90 basis points as a percent of sales. That included higher advertising as we are investing more behind our brands, particularly in digital. G&A expense also increased, driven by higher incentive compensation. For the full-year, because we have raised our sales and earnings outlook, we have also increased our incentive compensation estimate. The increase versus our original plan is equal to more than 1% of total operating profit. About half of that increase was reflected in our second quarter results. Foreign currencies were also a headwind in the quarter, reducing operating profit by a high-single digit rate. All in all, adjusted operating profit was up 2%. Second quarter adjusted operating margin was 17.2%, up 40 basis points versus a year-ago. That included broad-based margin improvements in all three business segments. On the bottom-line, adjusted earnings per share were $1.67, up 5% year-on-year. In addition to the higher operating profit, the bottom-line benefited from a slightly lower adjusted effective tax rate, higher equity income and a lower share count. Let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency. Cash provided by operations in the second quarter was $609 million compared to $787 million in the year-ago quarter. The decrease was generally in line with our expectations and driven by higher tax payments and increased working capital. Capital spending was $253 million in the quarter.  As expected that is up versus last year, driven by supply chain restructuring projects. We continue to allocate capital in shareholder friendly ways. Second quarter dividends and share repurchases totaled $520 million and we continue to expect that full-year amount will be between $2 billion and $2.3 billion. Looking at our segment results, in Personal Care, organic sales were up 8%. Net selling prices increased 5% and volumes and product mix were each up one point. Personal Care operating margins were 21.2%, up 80 basis points year-on-year. The improvement was driven by organic sales growth and cost savings. In Consumer Tissue, organic sales were up 4%. Net selling prices increased 5% and product mix improved slightly, while volumes fell 2%. Consumer Tissue operating margins were 15%, up 90 basis points versus year-ago with significant benefits from higher pricing. In K-C Professional, organic sales grew 1%. Selling prices rose 3% and product mix improved a point [while volumes were down 3%. K-C Professional operating margins of 19.7% were up 50 basis points versus prior year. So all in all, we delivered very good results in the quarter while continuing to invest for future success. I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Maria Henry: Sure. We said coming into the year that we were expecting operating cash flow to be down slightly year-on-year, and we still expect that. If you look at the quarter, the cash from operations of 609 was driven by higher cash taxes, and working capital was also a use of funds. So let me talk about both of those. On cash taxes, it really has to do with timing. You look at the first part of 2018, we were in an overpayment situation, and so we were paying out less cash taxes last year than what would be kind of a normalized level. This year we have the opposite. We have some catch-up payments that we had to make in the first half of this year and in the second quarter, and so that is what is going on with cash taxes. It just has to do with timing. I wouldn't call anything unusual out there. In terms of working capital, there is a number of factors. Our cash conversion days were 13, which compares to what was a very strong 11 days in 2018. And you'll recall that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had very strong cash flow benefits from working capital. We had very low cash conversion days. Part of that was driven by a higher payables balance, which got paid out in the first part of this year. In terms of working capital and cash conversion days, we are expecting and we are seeing inventory build around our execution on the restructuring programs. As we close down facilities or prepare to close down facilities and shut down lines and prepare to stand up new lines, we are building inventory so that we can maintain our service levels with customers, and we are seeing that. On the accounts receivable or DSO side, we have got in the second quarter some timing differences between the sales and collections, particularly with the quarter ending on a Sunday. So I would expect on the receivables side that to correct itself as we go through the remainder of the year. And finally, on payables, the team is executing some projects to get some benefits there, and that was a positive, helping to offset the drag on inventory and the timing differences on DSO. So it's a long answer, but I would expect for the second half that we will have stronger free cash flow and that, for the year, we will still be down little bit, Ali.
Maria Henry: We are tracking well on our way to delivering the $400 million to $450 million savings this year. What I would say is the composition of that may be a bit different than what we were thinking. Our teams are delivering solid FORCE cost savings as they work to deliver productivity and cost reductions in our manufacturing operations. Our restructuring program is very much on-track. At the end of the day, it's possible that our FORCE savings for the year may come in a bit light, and our restructuring savings may come in a bit better than we had anticipated coming into the year. But in total, on the $400 million to $450 million combined savings, I think we are well on our way to deliver that.
Maria Henry: Alright. Why don't I start with the commodity outlook. I guess, a good place to start on commodities is just a reminder that commodities were inflationary in the quarter, and still a headwind for us in the second quarter to the tune of about 10% impact on our operating profit. But that said, they did come in a bit better than we expected. And while they were inflationary, it was the lowest level of inflation that we have seen in two years. So we are pleased with that. Costs on some of the resin-based materials as well as pulp and results of fiber all these versus our plan mostly in North America. We still do see inflation outside of North America, particularly in Latin America. Distribution costs are also continuing to run high. There is no change in our view on that, but they do continue to run high. On your question around the contracts, the contracts in general are negotiated annually. So I will remind you that we discussed the negotiations that we had coming out of 2017 when we got - I'm sorry, coming out of 2018 when we got on the call in January. So we have nothing new to report on that, and we will have to see where we land and where commodities are as we close out the calendar year and we get into our discussions with suppliers and set our contracts for next year. We will update you on where all of that lands in January. And then, the other thing I would comment on is that, in general, our outlook for commodity assumes that costs are relatively consistent with the recent spot prices, except for pulp, which is forecast to move down a bit further from here. So that is kind of what is going on with commodities.
Maria Henry: We have got both things that affect us, obviously with the market prices, and then as we have discussed, we also have contracts that affect what we report as commodity inflation for Kimberly-Clark. One you have visibility into, and the other one you don't.
Maria Henry: If you are after what we are thinking in terms of our fiber commodity? What I would say is that, on eucalyptus, which is a major input for us on the fiber side, we have reduced our outlook range to $1,050 to $1,100 per metric ton, and that is down $75 per metric ton.
Maria Henry: Sure. There is a number of items that affect what we call other manufacturing costs, which are general expenses that hit us in our manufacturing operations. They include things like fixed cost absorption, labor rate changes and inflation, product improvement investments and other one-time types of impacts such as write-offs or start-up costs associated with new equipment. It's not unusual that this is an inflationary area for us, but it is running a bit higher than we expected when we came into the year. Specifically, for the second quarter, we saw increases across all of those levers. We talked about our volumes being off a bit, which leads to fixed cost absorption impact. With our labor rates, all the inflation that we are seeing particularly out of Latin America affects the cost there. And then, one area which has a question on investment, one area where we are investing is in product improvement and we are investing there behind the innovations that we have been talking about. And those increased investments in product quality and improvements in innovation flowed through that line item. So that is what is going on there. And I would point to the fixed cost under absorption in the product investments as two of the drivers.
Maria Henry: Yes. I think if you took compensation aside, it would look a bit more like two-thirds flowing through.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Ali. Good point. I think I would say overall in D&E, we are very encouraged and we are making strong progress. That 9%, it's robust, and I would say it's the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerated performance. If you go back to the third quarter of last year, I think we were up 3%, then 4%, 7% in the first quarter and then 9% this quarter. And while Argentina is a chunk of that, about a little over 3 points, we are seeing improved performance across many of the markets. Obviously price mix is a big piece of it, but we are seeing certainly less volume impact from pricing from some of the significant pricing we have taken, for example, in Brazil and Argentina, less volume impact than we originally expected. And then, on the positive front, in other markets, I would say, CE continues to grow at a strong double-digit rate. We are seeing ASEAN growth at double-digits, and then China obviously returning to growth, certainly aided by pricing or maybe, said a different way, some reductions in promotion spending in China. But we are seeing a good volume growth in our premium tiers, and we are very encouraged by that progress.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Ali. Great question. It's certainly, I think, one of the big things is the operating environment has improved, right. And I think that is significantly better than when we met maybe toward the end of January. And I think the consumer demand is healthier than it was then, and I would say our performance is better than it was then. One of the reasons why we are seeing less volume impact is not because elasticities are lower. In fact, as we do the analysis, the elasticities are pretty close to what we modeled. It is really more than market execution. And what we got is, I think, very strong innovation and new products coming out across, let's say, North America, particularly in Personal Care. We have got strong marketing in those markets as well driving an improvement consumption. I think, the China business I think is, we are in China for the long haul, and I think the team really believes in innovation there and I think the consumers following. And so, we are seeing strong growth in our premium tiers behind, we think, the best diaper in the marketplace right now. And so there is a lot going on there. And if you look at Latin America, double-digit pricing with almost minimal volume impact, it's not because there is low elasticity. It's because there is really strong innovation marketing and actually terrific sales execution.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Lauren. I think it's a combination of factors I just mentioned, which is, I think, the operating environment has improved, in which I think the consumer can see the innovation and the product and the marketing and respond to it. And if you rewind a couple of years ago, it's tough to see innovation and advertising when you are going against a buy one get two free, right. So pouring advertising into a marketplace like that is not effective. But I think where the teams - and we always believe in elevating our categories or driving better product benefit by making the premium products worth it. And so I think we have got plenty of innovation across markets that I just mentioned that is taken a hold and getting the consumers' attention and we are encouraged by that response. And then obviously, I think all of us in CPG we all know when you have good innovation, it allows your sales force to execute much more effectively and get the shelf space you need, drive the promotions you need, and all that kind of behavior close with it. So I don't think there is a magic bullet there, but I would say that I think we all were focused on a disciplined way building our capabilities both in innovation, in digital, which is a big space for us for marketing, sales execution and revenue management. Those are the big capability areas we have been focusing on, and we are making a lot of progress.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean - Lauren, we are very bullish on our categories both in the near-term and long-term and I think that comes back to kind of two of the core strategies we have, which is in big developed markets, elevating the core or premiumizing our categories by making the categories worth more to our consumers. And then of course we are still in the very early stages of development. So, I think maybe the commodities have been a little lower than we expected at the beginning of the year, that does give us the flexibility. I think, the - when you add up the operating environment, which I think is more conducive to growth and consumer demand is healthier than we have seen maybe in the past year or so, I think that gives us the confidence to invest. The other part of it is, we have talked about this back in January, which is I think our - with the innovation and the marketing initiatives and the sales initiatives working, that gives us more confidence to put more money behind that, and we are very excited about that.
Mike Hsu: Yes, a little different there. I think what we said in our commentary that maybe the plus 3% was probably a better - if you look at year-to-date, we are plus 3%. That is probably the best indication of where we think our business is right now. We did have a few differences, certainly non-measured for us is generally stronger than measured. So that is an ongoing refrain, and a good thing in some ways. Also we had some spending changes that affected net revenue realization. I recognize we are still - dialing back to your prior question, we are still dialing back our promotion intensity. And so that affected it. And then we did have some minor retail inventory changes, but we had those in a lot of quarters.
Mike Hsu: Yes. We are making progress on adult care, Wendy, up high-single digit. I think the category is up somewhere - probably about mid single-digit in that range, and I think really it's about innovation and category messaging, category-building messaging that is gaining traction for us. Definitely our product enhancements that we launched last year are gaining traction, discrete sizing. We have got Fit-Flex on Depend is going out now, and then Poise Active, and those are all working pretty well for us. And then, we have got strong brand investment and more messaging that is more category-building. So I think those of the two things that are working in adult care. In fem care, it's a great category. We have got a great global franchise. We know we need to strengthen the performance of the brand in the U.S., and the team is focused on product enhancements and improving our messaging.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I think, if you sit on this side of the phone, you have a memory like an elephant. So, last year, I think our commodity inflation was $500 million or $600 million more than our plan. And so, this year, it's a little more favorable but not even close to that. And so, again as I said, the commodity impact is a multi-year impact, and I think that is driving our behavior as we work to recover margins. And right now, I think, we are seeing in the retail environment consumer demand is healthy. I think, in this environment, consumers could be more responsive to innovation and marketing, and I think that is a bit more value-added for us and our competitors to grow the categories versus driving a doom cycle of promotion.
Mike Hsu: Yes. We are watching the private label pricing pretty closely. It hasn't moved notably in Consumer Tissue or specifically in the Bath category, or in diapers yet. I do think our brands are performing very well despite that. And I think that speaks to the iconic nature of Scott 1000, our new advertising and our product enhancements with Cottonelle, so we feel good about that direction, but it's something that we have got the keep a sharp eye on. Obviously we are a volume-sensitive business, and so while we may fine-tune our promotional plans to make sure we get the volumes that we need, we are going to manage this category - our role in the category very responsibly.
Mike Hsu: Yes, good point, Cody. I think we are very pleased with the balanced nature of the growth in North America Personal Care. I think organic was up 6%, and that was balanced between being up 3% in price and 3% in volume for us. And that really reflects, in our mind, strong product innovation and really strong end-market execution. In Diapers, we just launched - we got great innovation coming out, and we just launched Huggies Special Delivery, which is going to deliver ultimate skin comfort. And it's got a lot of features. And if you'll indulge me, our softest diaper delivers really trusted protection. It's got plant-based materials, free of parabens and other harsh chemicals, and hypoallergenic for baby's skin. So it's got a great product, great designs and packaging. And it's priced at a significant premium. And Cody, that is been a - it's really a good indicator or a good example of our elevate-the-core strategy in action. So we are excited about that. In adult care, likewise we have got, as I just mentioned earlier, a number of product enhancements in Depend and Poise, and those are both working - those are all working well in the market.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Cody, it's a couple things. One, certainly the outlook had a piece of it, but it's also, given the robustness of consumer demand and I think the improving conditions in the operating environment, gives us the confidence to invest. And then, that said, some of the early returns from our innovation and our marketing thus far to date, I think, gives us more confidence to invest further. So the big areas, I think Maria mentioned - Digital is one big area for us that is working effectively for us in a lot of areas. It has strong ROIs, driving a lot of the parts of our business, what we would call direct digital marketing in North America Personal Care and Tissue. China, Fem, Diapers in Russia, I think we have got multiple markets. And then, from a capability perspective, we are also investing in people, process and tools to accelerate some of the capabilities that I outlined, including our end-market execution and our revenue growth management initiatives.
Mike Hsu: Yes, OK. Andrea, and then on China, what I will tell you is, we are really encouraged by the progress the team is taking. Their strategy is to elevate the category by driving sustainable long-term growth. And I think, do we believe it's sustainable? I think that is our intent. And the way we are doing that is through product innovation that seems to be working very effectively in the marketplace. We have got a diaper that we launched toward the end of last year, middle of last year, the 5D diaper that is soft and flexible, breathable as much as any product out there except that the differences in the marketplace and while it's winning is that it protects better than the other products in the category, at least that is our perspective. And so that is getting traction in the premium tiers. But just to be clear, our volume in diapers was down in the quarter. It's just that it was growing significantly in the premium side of the business. That said, organic was up because of the volume differences and also because of some net pricing changes. So I think the business is heading in the right direction. We think the work that we are doing is to drive long-term sustainable growth.
Mike Hsu: Yes. On the brand investment, I think maybe the overall sale, Olivia, I think it has been working and that is a piece of the reason why it gives us the confidence to increase the investment in the back half. The example I will give you maybe is, if you talk about Brazil, pricing is up in the teens, volume is essentially a little bit less than flat. And so, while our assessment is, the elasticity has taken hold, but we have got a lot of other things going on that make that volume better than what the elasticity would've modeled, which is innovation. We have got growth initiatives on adult care and baby wipes that is getting very, very strong growth, and marketing behind those initiatives. And then, increased advertising spend or improved advertising on the diaper products. So, I think just kind of one example, but I think we have seen that and it's part of the reason why we have more confidence to spend more.
Mike Hsu: Yes, there is probably a little bit of pipeline, it's still relatively - we are still relatively early, so I wouldn't say the pipeline was huge and then again in the quarter. But retailer response has been very positive. I think they're very excited about obviously a look in the product quality and so got the expectations for Special Delivery. We are excited about it.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Great question, Steve. And obviously, I think, as I mentioned earlier, I think what is changed over the past six months or so is the category conditions make investments, I think, more worthwhile or more productive, and we are seeing some of that across multiple markets. Most of the current investment that we are talking about for the second half is going into digital and capability building around revenue growth management and sales execution. So those are the near-term focus areas, but we do believe we have great opportunity to enhance our investment and categories, let's say, adult care globally, baby wipes, and then in markets like India. And so, working through those as a team, and I think we have got a lot of good opportunities to invest into and accelerate growth.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I mean, I you know, I think that our mass was somewhere between - flown through between a third to a half. But again, I think, part of it is the market opportunity and we think the conditions are good for us to invest. The brands are responding, and it's going to be productive for long-term health of the business. And so that is what we are doing that. Some of the comp stuff is more formulaic. Last year we were cutting comp and this year, it's just a math formula but it goes back up. So - but really the focus for us is about brand reinvestment in both, as Maria said, and products in the digital or in the marketing spending and then in some of the capability built.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Very solid growth. I think, in Brazil, double digit growth overall net selling price and mix were up in the teens. Volume was about down slightly, I would say, or almost even. Overall in Brazil, I think the market price has generally moved, although some local competitors have been lagging. The better expected than expected volume performance really is related to great execution. And when I say execution, it is the whole ball of wax, meaning it's the innovation, it's the marketing and then it's the selling. And all those things are working well for us. In addition, I think in a market like Brazil or Latin America more broadly, we have got very developed plans to expand kind of the categories in adult care and wipes and that is paying off this year. Argentina, I guess, I would say, high double digit organic growth. The volume decline was in the, I think, mid single digit level. So you could - again, you could chalk it up the same thing, which is I think the consumer has kind of reset their expectations for price, but also very strong end market execution of the teams to kind of reduce the volume impact that you would have expected from that level of pricing. So, Latin America, very strong performance from a revenue perspective. Central and Eastern Europe up almost 20% or a little bit over 20%, very strong performance in Ukraine and CIS. Russia continues to grow at a very good pace for us, although I will tell you, our share are little bit more under pressure there than we have experienced over the prior couple of years. But the formula there is also same thing, it'll be refrain innovation, marketing and greater in-market execution. ASEAN, up double digits. So we are feeling good about most of D&E markets.
Mike Hsu: Yes, Caroline, interesting, Yes. I was saying we have got some new hands on the business. I think that the team is attuned with kind of what millennial mom is looking for. The black packaging kind of is striking off the shelf. I will tell you, we have gotten strong retailer response to it. It is the first black packaging in the category and for us in the diaper category. Obviously, we have been black for a while in the fem care category. So, I think it's so far early returns I would say, even though it's too early to really say. But it's doing its job, which is it striking it's shelf. And it's got a great shelf impression. And I would say overall, a more contemporary look and feel. And I think we are trying to address millennial mom, and so far it seems like it's heading in the right direction.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Still a decline, maybe a little less shocking than the numbers that you may recall. South Korea, I think a couple of years ago, it was a low double digit decline. I think this year it looks like maybe about a high single digit. So that is an improvement, but it's still down. And the driver in South Korea is slower family formation. I mean, in fact, marriages are still down. So, I think, that is when - that South Korea and North America similar birth rate has improved, but it's still down about in 2018 our estimates are down about 2%. And so, I think, in big developed markets, I think that is a trend that we have to deal with. And that is why you are seeing Huggies Special Delivery or some of the things we are trying to address. The big thing about Special Delivery is, it sells at a significant premium to all the other products in the category. And the reason we feel good about that, and it's pretty well tested, it's got a lot of benefits that consumers are looking for. And that falls in line with the strategy we are really driving, which is elevate the core, which is - you have got, in big developed markets, the way to grow them is to drive premiumization. But the only way to make premiumization work is if you make the products work more and worth paying that premium for and that is what we are trying to do.
Mike Hsu: I don't know that we are seeing anything different. I think that is an ongoing issue, Caroline, in the industry. But it's also one that those of us who've been around for a long time have been dealing with for a long time. And so we are used to this dynamic and managing through it. I will say, like most retailers that we deal with, they're mostly interested in driving growth. And so, while they may not like pricing in some categories or some retailers, they do like growth. And so that is where we are focused on working with them and partnering on the right way to grow the category.
Mike Hsu: Yes. The biggest driver in KCP and I would say another solid quarter for K-C Professional organic overall was up 1% in North American developing in emerging markets were up 2%. I think the biggest thing is we are leading price in, you know, with our leadership position in KCP generally, not all markets have followed, but we feel like this is the right move for us and we recognize as a little stickiness competitively and there is going to be some volume impacts.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Well, we will see if it's temporary, but it's something that we are prepared to kind of deal with as we work through the year.
Mike Hsu: Yes. Kevin, I'm really glad you raised that. That is one area we have got to really focus on. And if there is one part of the quarter that we need to improve on is our share results, and we are a little bit behind what our expectations are. Part of that is related toward leading price or being first mover on price in a lot of our markets and categories. And so, we were in some ways expecting some share impact due to that. However, it's also a big reason why we wanted to drive this reinvestment here to shore up our share positions and make sure we are healthy for the long-term. I think we laid out on our Casey strategy 2022 that we are going to deliver our balanced value creation plan. And we think that this is an example of that.
Mike Hsu: Yes, I don't think we would expect a significant change versus what we told you earlier this year. I mean, we like our categories. We still think there is a lot of growth potential in our categories, especially when you look at both our opportunity to elevate the categories and also to grow in D&E. However, we are going to continue to look at opportunities and we do that consistently. We have got a - it may not appear to be, but we have got a very active M&A and development team that is always looking at opportunities for us.
