Paul J. Alexander: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Kimberly-Clark's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Here with me in Dallas today are Tom Falk, Chairman and CEO; Mark Buthman, Senior VP and CFO; and Mike Azbell, Vice President and Controller. Here's the agenda for the call. Mark will begin with a review of our third quarter results. Tom will then provide his perspectives on our results and also the full year outlook. We'll finish with Q&A. As usual, we have a presentation of today's materials in the Investor Section of our website, which is www.kimberly-clark.com. Before we begin, let me remind you we'll be making forward-looking statements today. There can be no assurance that future events will occur as anticipated or that our results will be as estimated. Please see the Risk Factors section of our latest annual report on Form 10-K for further discussion of forward-looking statements. We'll also be referring to adjusted results and outlook today, both of which exclude certain items described in this morning's news release. For further information on these adjustments and reconciliations to comparable financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, please see today's news release and additional information on our website. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark
Paul J. Alexander: And Gail, this is Paul. I would just add even though they are coming down sequentially, they still will be up year-on-year in the fourth quarter.
Paul J. Alexander: I think, Javier, we've tried to explain the key moving pieces both in the news release and the remarks. And Tom's color about the fourth quarter of the key changes sequentially, are just what he said, which is commodity costs coming down somewhat, a bit more pricing and a fair amount of those 2 things are offset by currency. So we do believe that sequentially, that our gross margins will pick up from third quarter levels and we'll come back to you at the end of the year and tell you how we did.
Paul J. Alexander: All right, thanks, David. We appreciate the questions. And we'll just finish with a closing comment from Tom.
Mark A. Buthman: Thanks, Paul, and good morning. I'll start with the headlines. First, we delivered organic sales growth of 4%, highlighted by 11% growth in K-C International. Second, adjusted earnings per share were $1.26, an 11% increase compared to last year. And third, cash flow remained strong as we generated approximately $0.75 billion dollars in cash provided by operations.  Now, let's cover the details of the quarter. Overall sales increased 8% to an all-time record $5.4 billion. Organic sales rose 4%, driven by higher net selling prices of 3%. Product mix and sales volumes each improved slightly. Volumes benefited from product innovation and targeted growth initiatives. However, soft demand in portions of North America and Europe largely offset these gains. Third quarter adjusted operating profit rose 8%, with an operating margin of 14.1%. Benefits from top line growth and $90 million of FORCE cost savings more than offset cost inflation of $150 million and higher than expected production curtailment to manage inventory levels. As expected, FORCE savings picked up nicely from the first half of the year, and our teams continue to push aggressively to maximize savings. Nonetheless, with year-to-date savings of $195 million, we could fall somewhat short of our target range of $300 million to $350 million of savings for the year. Third quarter adjusted earnings per share were $1.26 compared to $1.14 last year. The improvement was driven by higher operating profit, along with a lower share count and a lower effective tax rate. Given our year-to-date adjusted tax rate of 30.1%, we now expect the full year rate to be toward the low end of our target for the year of 30% to 32%. Cash provided by operations increased slightly to $750 million in the third quarter. I'm encouraged by our cash generation and expect a strong finish to the year. We repurchased 0.6 million shares of KMB stock in the quarter at a cost of $40 million. As mentioned in our news release, we've decided to accelerate an additional $260 million of pension contributions into 2011, and reduce our full year share repurchase target by the same amount. This will improve our pension-funded status nicely from current levels, and it will allow us to make much more modest contributions next year, while setting us up for a strong year of share repurchases in 2012. Now I'll highlight a few areas from our segment results for the quarter. As usual, further details are in our news release. In Personal Care, organic sales rose 5% with volumes and net selling prices each advancing about 3%. K-C International had a terrific quarter with 15% organic growth, led by strong performance in Latin America, China and South Korea. In North America, we continue to generate high single-digit to low double-digit volume growth in adult care, feminine care and baby wipes. On the other hand, volumes were down in infant and child care. The volume softness reflects category declines, competitive promotional activity, reductions at customer inventory levels in diapers and some consumer trade-down in the child care category. Personal Care operating margins of 16.6% remained below prior year. Input cost inflation, production curtailment and higher between-the-line spending were partially offset by benefits from top line growth and cost savings. Now turning to Consumer Tissue. Organic sales were off 1%. Net selling prices rose 4% in response to cost inflation and product mix was favorable by 1%. On the other hand, volumes fell 6% reflecting sheet count reductions in North America, our focus on revenue realization and strong promotion support for COTTONELLE bath tissue in the third quarter last year. Consumer Tissue operating margins improved to 12%, our best performance in 2 years that was driven by sales growth, cost savings and lower between-the-line spending. Moving to K-C Professional & Other. Organic sales rose 5%. The increase was due to improved volumes of 3% and higher net selling prices of 2%. Volumes were up mid- to high-single digits in K-C International in Europe. On the other hand, volumes were even with year-ago levels in North America, as high unemployment and office vacancy levels continue to impact market demand. Operating margins of 14.7% were similar to last year. And lastly, Health Care organic sales were up 8%, driven by higher sales volumes. Medical supply volumes rose double-digits, led by growth in surgical products and exam gloves, reflecting improved North American demand. In addition, global medical device volumes increased high single digits, including strong growth in Europe and Asia.  Operating margins of 13.8% were somewhat above last year, driven by sales growth and cost savings. So that wraps up the review of the quarter. To recap, we achieved solid organic sales growth led by K-C International. We delivered strong growth in adjusted earnings per share, and we continue to generate significant cash flow. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes, I think directionally, that's right. We knew coming into this year, we're going to be heavier on share purchases, maybe than we have typically done. We're going to be more front-end loaded. We've accomplished that. We're generating plenty of cash flow, and which gives us some options. And just given where pension-funded status was relative to our target, decided to shift that a little bit. You should think about it as an acceleration of next year's and that frees up cash to buy back shares in 2012.
Mark A. Buthman: It's about, think of it as $260 million relative to that 1.1, Chip, that's about 25% of our global GAAP.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes. Javier, I think third quarter volumes were lighter than we expected. Other than that, Tom's review of the bidding is about right. We want better pricing, slightly better commodities, currency will go the other way, downtime will be about the same.
Mark A. Buthman: Yes. Most of the $100 million change in inflation will come in the fourth quarter, and in terms of pulp pricing for the fourth quarter, we're assuming between $9.35 and $9.50 for northern softwood.
Mark A. Buthman: I think the good news is, we've got better capabilities to do that than we ever had before. And what you're seeing as inventories continue to cross the enterprise to come down, and faster reaction time on our part when we do miss a demand plan.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I wouldn't say consumption pattern, we say, we still see derive from the birth rates for the diaper and training pant category, is where we saw the biggest category decline relative to our expectations. And so, it's partly, the birthrate's been down for 3 years. That's starting to flow into the child care category. As you've got 3 years of low birth rate now in toilet training. So that one probably had the biggest volume hit relative to expectations. And a little bit of inventory destocking was a part of it. And I think that's just customers trying to run their working capital tight as you'd expect in this environment.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think we're executing better. We've got some of distribution back, and both Viva and Scott towels had decent volume growth there. So I think we're overall happy with the progress we're seeing, and bouncing back from what were kind of historic low share periods for us.
Thomas J. Falk: No. We think they peaked in the early third quarter, so we'd expect to see a little bit of benefit in the fourth quarter. But I will say that they are stickier coming down it seems than you would expect, given how oil has performed.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I guess a couple of things. We took the overall volume number in our guidance down to the low end of the range, so we said we were 1 to 2. It's going to be closer to 1 for the year, which is really where we think it's playing out. I'd say the de-sheeting effect, we expected that's -- our shares are fine in bath tissue, which is where most of the de-sheeting occurred and trends in facial tissue are positive there. So that one is playing out about as we would've expected. I'd say the diaper training pant category is one that just continues to be a little softer. Our insight is that, we're not seeing it in terms of diaper usage per day. It's really -- it's just in some cases, moms delaying toilet training or even training out of diapers, is hurting the child care category, the low birthrate continues to be lower than was forecast early in the year. And so, you're just not having as many new moms enter the category.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, in the diaper category, there really hasn't been any pricing in the category. In fact, pricing was negative in the quarter. So I would say, the weakness in the category is not related to price change. In the Consumer Tissue, the pricing is beginning to be put in place in the marketplace, and I think the volume response is about what you'd expect, so.
Thomas J. Falk: A lot of this is by account. So the account changes will start to roll to the shelf in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think that potentially, you'll see some volume softness just because customers typically order a consistent number of cases, and if there's -- with an account change, you're going to have fewer diapers per case. So you typically have little bit of an inventory impact when the account change goes into the marketplace. The category tends to be a little softer than we're expecting, and that's factored into our adjusted guidance.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, yes, it's -- we've got leading brand shares in Europe in bath tissue. We've got a strong facial tissue business in Europe as well. It's got margins that are probably a little below the segment average, but consistently profitable. And the challenge in Europe has been the growth in private label, and actually encouragingly, our shares were relatively stable this quarter and private label was stable as well. I think the challenge has been getting any real price recovery there with the run-up in fiber costs has not been easy.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I'd say a couple of things. If you look at a global trend, birthrates have been coming down for a while. I mean, Europe is probably been the lowest. But even in China, with the golden baby policies there, you have a fairly low birthrate in Korea. Probably it would be that some of the highest birthrates in the world would tend to be in Africa and in parts of Latin America. And so obviously, our business in Latin America has benefited from that. In the U.S., we'd say the things that typically are going to drive birthrate are household formation, employment, those kinds of things. And obviously, with a weaker economy in the near term, I'd say the category is probably going to be a little softer in 2012 than our prior long-range forecast would've indicated.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, yes, I mean, absolutely, as you go into emerging markets, you're still seeing used category penetration. And so you saw that in our K-C International growth this year. So for example, where we're today selling diapers, but we don't have a very well-developed wipes [ph] business, we don't have a very well-developed Little Swimmers business, we still got opportunities to launch diaper pants or training pants to move the category up mix. Those are all things that we're looking at, as those consumer incomes develop that they want the best for their baby and they'll buy a broader range of those products. Those categories are more fully penetrated in North America. So it's looking for, whether there are other things that we can do like launch Huggies Slip-On Diapers that we did in the third quarter to again, move Mom to a better mix and a better performing product.
Thomas J. Falk: Mexico had mid-single-digit volume growth, stable shares. Really they got hit more with commodity costs and some foreign exchange issues as their U.S. dollar payables, they suffered a loss on that as the peso devalued at the end of the quarter. But their fundamental volumes in shares are solid in Mexico.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I think each of our countries has a strategy to maximize their local currency net income. So they're looking at their business from the perspective of a local currency point of view. So if their commodity costs and local currency terms are going up, they're going to look at pricing to pass that through. They're not necessarily trying to deliver a dollar result, that they take pricing because of translation. So as you think about it, really most of the pricing was result of commodity input going up.
Thomas J. Falk: Good questions. If you think about the sequential changes in gross margin in the fourth quarter, pricing should be a positive, because we'll get more pricing flowing through from our North America baby Child Care businesses. Commodities should be a positive sequentially. Still, the pressure year-on-year in many areas. Currency will be a drag, because you'll have some exchange rates that have gone the wrong direction. And downtime sequentially, should be similar to slightly positive. So I think that one we'll have to see where the volumes actually come out. So on balance, I'd say should be more positive than the negatives moving from third quarter to fourth quarter. As we look at 2012, and we're still -- there's a lot of moving parts, so it seems like more than ever, looking at what's the trade-off of currency headwinds versus commodity tailwinds and how that's going to play out. But we'll give you more color in January, but our goal is to deliver a 2012 plan that achieves our Global Business Plan goals and has the kind of top line and operating improvement and earnings per share improvement that we're looking for.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I don't think it would be the '09 kind of a windfall, though, I think. But yes, directionally it should improve.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I mean it's not like FORCE is a bank account that we can take it out as easily. But I think it really has more to do with there's a little bit more downtime than we thought. When you're not running your process as full, you can't push as many cost savings through that pipe that go along with it. So that's probably the biggest single effect. And so I think we got $195 million in the bank through 3 quarters, so we'd need an all-time record fourth quarter to get to the low end of the range. So there's a risk that we'll be below the low end of the range. But we'd certainly expect us to keep our foot on the gas of delivering as many cost savings, because when we deliver those, usually you've got benefits that spill on the 2012 as well. So our team is focused on delivering as much as they can this year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, it's from a translation standpoint, it's fairly linear. So you'll see that same kind of a drag on the bottom line. Transactions were partially hedged. We usually hedge about half of our transaction exposure, so there's more of a lag before that flows through earnings.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I mean, it's such a complicated question because it really depends on where the exchange rate happens. And you're seeing such wild swings in the last 4 weeks of the quarter. I think we'll give you a better outlook when we get to 2012. Typically, the big currencies for us, the euro is important, the Mexican peso is important, the A dollar is important, the Korean won is important, the Brazilian real is becoming increasingly important. Most of those have weakened at least mid-single digits to double digits in the last 4 weeks. And we'll see what happens between now and the end of the year.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I think as you look at how we think about it, we want to be able to invest more in strategic marketing to fund innovation. And so you're going to see that part of it with upward pressure, and us wanting to invest more or where we can to go faster and deliver more growth to the market. In our KCP and Health Care business, the selling line is their advertising promotion lever, so we're going to be investing more sellers and driving our safety business, driving our medical device business. Our G&A line is where we're trying to get efficiency, and so are trying to run that and grow that at a slower rate than sales. So if you looked at just SG&A and not include strategic marketing, our goal would be for that overall to grow a little slower than sales. But you would have more upward pressure on sales than downward pressure on G&A, if that makes sense.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I'd say it's a couple of things. I mean, a, we're still seeing higher commodity cost, so Personal Care took more about of the brunt of inflation this quarter as really pulp was actually slightly positive for the family care segment, and all of the fiber cost increase in the quarter fell in K-C Professional, which is really secondary fiber. And so Personal Care had the brunt of the inflation this quarter, and really had no positive price to speak of in the develop markets. We got some in the emerging markets, but not as much in the develop markets. And then the weaker volume in North American Diapers and Training Pants was obviously higher than segment average. So that was a drag on the margins as well in the quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I think we'll start to get price in the fourth quarter, so that will help. You get a little bit of commodity improvement sequentially in the fourth quarter, which will help. And then, obviously, you need to look for stronger volume growth in those categories over time.
Thomas J. Falk: I'd say, we look at our procurement team, for example, looks at savings in 4 buckets. They look at year-on-year cost savings. They look at cost avoidance, where everyone else in the industry got an increase and we didn't. They look at working capital savings, and then savings on capital spending. And so in rising price environments, you tend to find more cost avoidance and a little bit less year-on-year. And so in falling price environments or neutral price environments, you tend to find more year-on-year cost savings, but I think that's at the margin you're still looking for lots of year-on-year cost savings from that team. I think for us, for this year, we got more FORCE out of our lean activity, where we're driving waste and efficiency and productivity growth. And that's been a positive for us as well.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, the price increase is via account, I think you're just finding, at the end of every month, retailers are managing their balance sheet. Everybody's got working capital objectives, just like we do and you are seeing a little tighter working capital phenomena from a couple of key retailers, and we saw that more pronounced this quarter than we've seen in a while.
Thomas J. Falk: Good questions. If you kind of go back 6 months, which is about where we were when we made a lot of the pricing announcements. Commodities have run up quite a ways, past where we were then. And so I think, as we would look at it, we'd say yes, commodities have come back a little bit, but they're still at higher levels than we were -- than they were, when we announced the price increases. So we would say the price increases in the marketplace that we've announced are still appropriate and justified by the commodity input cost. We'll still have year-on-year cost increases in the fourth quarter, for example. And we'd play that through. So I assume our other competitors in the marketplace are seeing the same things, and so at this point, we'll see how it plays out in the marketplace, and whether private label moves and all those kind of things.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. But I think at this point, based on what we see, it's hard to imagine commodities falling enough, that you'd have an impact on market pricing, but it's -- there's a pretty volatile world we live in some days.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, one of the downsides of low interest rates, is that everybody's pension plans sprung a leak. So it's got to be filled up with more cash.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, I would guess that when putting this additional funding in, our funded status would improve slightly on the plan.
Thomas J. Falk: So we would -- while our funded status has fallen off, this will top that up and then some. And then as you -- as one of the things that we did by freezing our DB Plan, we're less sensitive now to volatility in our pension expense going forward, because we'll be amortizing any actuarial gains and losses over the remaining physical life of employees, not their service life. So there's some -- we'll see less volatility next year. We'll give you more color on what our pension expense assumptions are in 2012. But I don't think it's going to be as big a swing as you might have seen in prior years.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. On the ad spend, I mean, we were up a little bit year-over-year, but as a percent of sales, we're not, we're down. So our expectation is over long term, I think you'd still want to see us growing that line a little faster than sales growth. And so that's still an opportunity area for us, as you look at 2012 and longer forecasting, we'd tend to want to invest more there if we could. So I'd say yes, that one's got more upward pressure. On the other income expense, we had currencies, the small currency transaction gains this time versus losses last year. And then we had a sale of a small asset in South America that had a gain on it that was the other factor, but that would not be something that you'd repeat.
Thomas J. Falk: No. I think it's more of the former. But as you take curtailment, and you're not running as -- running your process as much, you don't get the benefits of the cost savings that were inherent in the cost savings program. So I think our teams are aggressively looking at delivering another very solid year from a FORCE standpoint, but because of the weaker volume, we're not going to get quite as much through the pipe as we would've thought.
Thomas J. Falk: I mean, I think that until you annualize the de-sheeting activity, you'll have a volume drag from de-sheeting relative to your comps. So we look at dollars share and would say on a dollar share basis, we're essentially on track with where we thought we'd be. We're probably watching more competitive promotion pricing across multiple outlets and it's a little choppy right now. Some places it's moved up, some places it hasn't. So that's probably the biggest thing we're watching in the marketplace right now.
Thomas J. Falk: I think in some cases the de-sheeting was a little bigger than maybe we've done in prior years, because in part because of some of the commodity cost run-up. But I think we've got most of the price in the marketplace as we speak on Consumer Tissue, They're may be a little bit more that comes internationally, but there's not going to be anymore plans at this point in time in North America.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I guess I'll interpret it, we're more disciplined about hitting target inventory levels and not running up inventories. Inventory historically is the slack variable, and if you miss your sales forecast, you just ran your inventory up. We're more disciplined now about taking the downtime in the quarter, as you realize you're off track from a sales forecast, you shut the process and don 't build the inventory. And so as a result, you're seeing more real-time impact from curtailment than maybe we would've seen several years ago. And I think you're seeing that throughout the extended supply chain. I think you're seeing retailers adjust inventory levels quicker, if they're not seeing foot traffic than they would. And so the reality is in most cases, you own the asset at this point. So you can't -- if you can't do anything else other than curtail it, if you've got a demand shortfall.
Thomas J. Falk: So I mean, we haven't added a diaper machine or a training pant in North America in a long time, so we have kind of what we have. And we think we will need it as we drive innovation and continue to grow the business. Those would probably have a bigger impact on us, as we move internationally and have had more productivity growth, we've been able to actually sequence our capital better and probably do a better job of planning our international production capacity to a larger extent than we've maybe done previously.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, there's no question. When you say notable, we've noticed that as well. And so no one's satisfied with where the Personal Care margins are. So we are going to get more price in North America in the fourth quarter, that will help. We should see some sequential commodity improvement that will help. And in the meantime, we're going to keep the innovation coming to continue to drive the business forward. So we've had good success in lots of areas like Adult Care, Feminine Care that are positives, but we got to show it with growth and margin over time.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I know, I think that the drag on Child Care category is going to be a bigger impact than slip-on can overcome, that's for sure.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, I mean, I'll start and I'll let Mark give you kind of the color commentary. If you look at sequentially, you'd say, okay, pricing is going to be better in fourth quarter versus third quarter. Commodity costs could be a little bit better fourth quarter versus third quarter. Still higher than last year but should be sequentially better. Currency will be a drag and so that will partially offset those. And then downtime, at this point, our guidance would say that it should be slightly positive. So not as negative as third quarter. And then part that was last year's fourth quarter, had a bigger drag from downtime. So we'll be lapping that from a comp standpoint. But, Mark, if you want to give them any other color to that.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I guess, I said, Javier, in some cases commodity costs peaked in the third quarter. So for example, secondary fiber was at its peak in the third quarter and the Personal Care pricing and baby child care is going to come in the fourth quarter, so we'll have more price in the fourth quarter than the third from some of those businesses. So I do think that the story for the fourth quarter is a little different than the third quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: As you saw in the quarter from K-C International, we still got a huge growth story. So you got a great category penetration opportunity in the International markets that's far outweighing the impact of a slow birthrate. And so, it's taking a mom from using 1 diaper per day to using 5 diapers a day, as they would in developed markets is a big, big deal. And so we're still adding capacity in, for both diapers and pants, as well as fem care as well as adult care in our international markets consistently. And so that trend will play out for a number of years to come. In North America, it's -- I'd say we're -- we've got some additional capacity, but we've also got a pretty aggressive innovation agenda. And so I think, we've got some slight additional capacity, but nothing that I would say that I'm particularly worried about at this point in time.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I think fashion is something we continue to believe is a big idea. Being first, being innovative, being different, being relevant is key. So we're excited about it, and we'll see what Mom feels about it when it gets to the marketplace.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, they're sort of related, so we can certainly do a better job of forecasting, and so that's part of it. But it's also sometimes, where a retailer decides they're going to bring inventories down at the end of the quarter. You can only react to that. So yes, you wish you knew about it earlier. You could have planned better, you would have forecasted better. But I think that's a challenge for our teams, is that we can do a better job of forecasting the business so that we can run our supply chain as efficiently with as low inventory as possible.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes, it was predominately concentrated in Personal Care and Consumer Tissue. Basically health care and K-C Professional, there wasn't much curtailment in the quarter. And so, we're a little light on Scott tissue relative to expectations, and took some time out of the schedule from that standpoint. But nothing out of the ordinary from how we'd run it quarter-to-quarter.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, I mean, I think we continue to get better at measuring ROI and allocating spend. And I'd tell you, actually some of our highest ROI events in the company have been in Kleenex facial tissue. So we measure it, we look at it across the portfolio and look to see what's the right vehicle. We're doing a better job of being creative and channel agnostic in terms of how we bring those to market. But we'd say particularly for the premium end of the category, things that we've done with the Mike Rowe campaign on Viva has responded positively to the sales growth you've seen in our towel business. Our Kleenex facial tissue activities that we've had going have had a high return, and COTTONELLE is a pretty high margin category, so there's some responsiveness there. So we do track it and make intelligent investment decisions.
Thomas J. Falk: I would say, yes. But we'd look, probably for more opportunities to drive adult care, drive fem care, drive baby child care around the world. If you look at the big picture, Consumer Tissue is probably going to be more a North American story. I think the other markets around the world is going to be a little bit spottier in terms of where those opportunities are.
Thomas J. Falk: I think it's more a function of what your cycle of investment is, and so the fact that we launched Cool Touch at the end of the quarter, you're going to see a little heavier push on that in the fourth quarter. As we were going through a pricing cycle, you tend to wind up not as much on promotion with some retailers, until you get your new prices established, and so you often want to couple strategic investment with trade execution. If you're not going to get the trade execution, you'd pull back a little bit. So I wouldn't read too much into it, it's more a function of timing of innovation than anything else.
Thomas J. Falk: Yes. I mean, you're looking for a higher-quality wastepaper, if that's not an oxymoron. But kind of an office waste kind of a grade, as opposed to the really cheap stuff.
Thomas J. Falk: I don't know that we gave that level of detail, but the team's looking through that. It's basically the things tracking with our plan there. They're giving me smiley faces, so it sounds like you're in the ballpark with the $80 million, so.
Thomas J. Falk: Well, once again, we're tracking, executing our Global Business Plan. We're pleased with the progress we made in the quarter, but not satisfied, and we appreciate your support of Kimberly-Clark. Thanks very much.
Jason Gere: Just a question on the growth in KCI. So I mean, it looked like a good chunk of that was on the pricing side. I mean -- and regards to the Personal Care business, the pricing that you took, how much of that was for commodity? How much for currency? And just with some of the major currencies, such as the peso and the real, obviously starting to turn. Just your comfort level as you go into 2012 that, that pricing is kind of hold.
Jason Gere: Okay, okay. That's good. And then just thinking about gross margin, I guess it's a two-part question, one, obviously, it's good to see the inflation especially in the pulp side coming down. I guess the first question is, as you exit the year, do you expect to see any gross margins to be kind of flat? I mean, obviously, I think the curtailment -- production curtailment had a bigger impact in the third quarter, that kind of weighed down on your prior guidance. But I guess the first part is, as you look for a nice modest increase in gross margins exiting the year. And then secondly, when you think about 2012, it kind of has the same dynamics as 2009, where FX was kind of turned the other way, commodities are improving, pension it's going to be a little bit of a headwind, and you have some good cost savings. The magnitude that you saw back in '09 was tremendous, but of course, pulp was down 20%-plus year-over-year. And just I guess, I was wondering if you kind of give a little bit of color about 2012, and how you see just the gross margin progression going fourth quarter, and maybe into next year.
Jason Gere: But directionally, am I on the right path in terms of that you should see gross margins start to sequentially improve in 2012? I'm not talking about -- I mean you just point it, yes, you're right I think it's a little premature to talk about the...
