Maria Henry: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call this morning. Let me start with the headlines for the full year results. We delivered strong top and bottom line growth and exceeded our previous outlook. We significantly increased our brand and capability investments and improve our market shares. We generated excellent cost savings and cash flow and we returned significant cash to shareholders. Now let's cover the details of our results starting with sales. Full-year net sales were $19.1 billion, that's up 4% year-on-year and included a 2 point drag from currency rates. Organic sales grew 6% with healthy underlying performance and increased demands related to COVID-19. Volumes were up 4% and net selling prices and product mix, each increased 1%. Mike is going to provide more color on our topline and market share performance in just a few minutes. Moving on to profitability, full-year adjusted gross margin was 37.1%, up 210 basis points year-on-year. Adjusted gross profit increased 10%. We generated $575 million of cost savings from our FORCE and restructuring program, that was well above our initial target and slightly better than we expected in October. For 2021, we're targeting $400 million to $460 million in total cost savings. Commodities were favorable by $175 million in 2020, although they turned inflationary in the fourth quarter. We're planning for commodity inflation of $450 million to $600 million in 2021. Costs are projected to increase broadly in most areas, including pulp and recycled fiber, resins, superabsorbent and distribution expenses. Other manufacturing costs were higher in 2020, including costs related to COVID-19. Foreign currencies were also a headwind reducing operating profit at a high single-digit rate. Moving further down the P&L, between the line spending was up 110 basis points as a percent of sales. That was driven by advertising which was up 90 basis points. SG&A spending also increased and included higher incentive compensation along with capability building investments. Adjusted operating margin was 18.7%, up 90 basis points and adjusted operating profit grew 9%. In terms of company profitability for 2021, the midpoint of our planning assumptions implies a 70 basis point decline in adjusted operating margins. And while there are a number of moving pieces, it's likely that adjusted gross margin will be down somewhat more than that. Turning back to 2020 results, full-year adjusted earnings per share were $7.74, up 12%. Our October guidance was for earnings of $7.50 to $7.65. In addition to the strong growth in adjusted operating profit, the bottom line benefited from higher equity income, a lower share count, and a slight decline in adjusted effective tax rate. Now let's turn to cash flow and capital efficiency [ph]. Cash provided by operations was an all-time record $3.7 billion, up $1 billion year-on-year reflecting outstanding working capital performance and strong earnings. Cash flow is expected to be down year-on-year in 2021 driven by higher cash taxes and working capital. Nonetheless, cash flow should remain strong and well above 2019's level. Capital spending was $1.2 billion in 2020, in line with plan and the prior year. We plan to spend between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion in 2021, including activity for our restructuring program and a pickup in growth projects. Based on an initial outlook at longer-term opportunities, we believe spending will be elevated again in 2022. On capital allocation, dividends and share repurchases totaled $2.15 billion. That's the 10th consecutive year, we've returned at least $2 billion to shareholders. We expect to return a similar level of cash to shareholders in 2021. And as mentioned in the earnings release, our Board has already approved our 49th consecutive annual dividend increase and authorized a new $5 billion share repurchase program. Let me finish with a short update on our restructuring program. We continue to make significant progress as we head into the last year of this program. We're about 85% to 90% through the total pretax charges, which we've increased somewhat to reflect delays as a result of COVID-19 and costs for additional savings opportunities. So far, we've generated $420 million of savings and expect to achieve between $540 million and $560 million of savings by the end of 2021. Our original savings estimate was $500 million to $550 million. Finally, at this point, cash payments are about 75% to 80% complete. Overall, it was an excellent year financially, while we invested more in the business for the long term and navigated the COVID-19 environment. I'll now turn the call over to Mike.
Maria Henry: Yes, the only thing I would add there Lauren is that in the fourth quarter, the North America consumer tissue pricing was a bit elevated, because we evaluate our trade programs on a full year basis, and as we close out the year, there was a bit of incremental benefit in that number.
Maria Henry: Yes, sure. So, we manage the trade programs on a full year basis and we make ongoing assessments throughout the year to keep those estimates updated. Given the unusual year that we had this year in consumer tissue and the way that demand and supply have played out, customer specific plans and events have changed more dynamically than they have in previous years and that made it even harder to forecast. So as we closed out the year, and really squared those balances, we had a bit of an incremental benefit in the fourth quarter. And so if you think about that, it's really timing related to the -- versus the previous quarters of the year. So that was part of it. It's important to emphasize though also in the fourth quarter with the dynamics we did indeed have lower promotional activity.
Maria Henry: Sure. I'll start with the hedging questions. We broadly don't use hedging. We do take advantage of our contract negotiations to try to put some parameters around the highs and lows that we will experience on certain commodities, but no formal hedging. In terms of the 2021 outlook, is a reminder if commodity costs in general were at low levels in 2020, particularly in the first half of the year, and costs for many inputs, excluding pulp started to move higher sequentially over the last couple of months and exited the year already meaningfully above 2023 or average. So many of those are expected to move higher again in the early part of 2021. If you look back three months ago, we were expecting some inflation in 2021 and the forward outlook has moved higher, just in the last 60 days. The top two inflation drivers for this year are expected to be pulp and polymer based materials. Together those two input costs represent more than half of the inflation outlook. So if I tick through a few things, virgin pulp, we're expecting inflation, and that follows a year and a half of very low pricing. So in virgin pulp we're looking for it to be up high single digits on average. Polymer resins we're expecting to be up significantly, 30% or maybe even higher in North America, non-wovens and superabsorbent will follow that but to a lesser degree. Those dynamics are largely supply driven at this point. Recycled fiber, we're expecting to be up mid teens. Distribution costs we're expecting to remain inflationary and that's mostly due to industry supply constraints and other material such as third party purchased safety gloves and PPE and KCP are facing significant increases if you look at what's happening in those markets. So that's the assumption for 2021.
Maria Henry: Sure, I'll go ahead and take that one. If you are thinking about it the right way, Steve, if I look at our 2021 outlook, we're expecting a solid benefit from top line growth. On the organic side of that we're expecting positive volume mixed end price. And then in addition to that, as Mike mentioned, we've got the benefits from Softex and currencies will be -- are expected to be a benefit on the top line. In addition to the benefits from sales, we are expecting good cost savings in this year and going the other way, we've got commodity inflation, which we talked about. And we're also continuing to invest in the business and experience kind of general non-commodity inflation. And, it is pretty straightforward as you've done the math, that kind of gets you to our guide on operating profit. And then below that, we would expect a lower share count. Non-operating expense will be lower. Equity income will be about similar, maybe up slightly and that will be offset by a slightly higher effective tax rate. And that's how you pick up the additional point on the top end of the EPS growth. So I think in terms of some of the nuances on advertising spend, we've given you the numbers for 2020. We would expect that to be roughly similar on a dollar basis in 2021. And we think that's appropriate for the environment that we're in and it follows two years of meaningful increases in our advertising investment. We would expect to continue to invest in capability building and technology on the between the lines side of the house. And I think those are -- I already went through the commodity assumptions, and we've talked about our pricing assumption as it relates to that.
Maria Henry: Yes, that sounds good. As, you know, we don't provide specific quarterly guidance and current volatility in this macro environment, is certainly making forecasting a bit more challenging. What I would say though is, the pace of our earnings in 2020 was unusual and we're going to have to face that lap as we go through this year. If you look at how 2020 played out, we had that very strong run on tissue at the end of March, which enabled us to deliver a record level of sales in Q1 followed by record profit delivery in the second quarter. So, you know that the first half has very challenging year-over-year comps for us just by the math. We do expect sequential benefit from things like growth and revenue management initiatives that we talked about. Our cost savings programs should build as the year progresses and you put all of that together, and you'll kind of get a picture of how the quarters in the first half, second half might play out. But I'll turn it back to Mike to talk a little bit more about the specific dynamics on the top line.
Maria Henry: Yes, sure, I think more longer term our outlook for the margins of our three segments haven't changed as you know this is -- this year has some unusual dynamics as did last year. But over time, it is our expectation and intent to improve the margin in the business over time. And that will go hand-in-hand with a number of the key things that we're working on, additional support on the top line, and we'll get leverage on the top line growth continued focus on productivity. We're not done on the productivity side of the house, there's, more to come there. And then the meaningful investments that we have been making and continue to make in terms of commercial capabilities, better positioning us to respond to what might happen in the macro environment. All of that is kind of the basis for our belief that we can continue to expand margins over time. And we've talked about personal care in the very high teens to low 20s tissue in the mid to high teens. And so we continue to have those as our long-term objectives.
Michael Hsu: Yes Lauren, the 2020 outlook definitely reflects our confidence in our ability to sustain healthy brand performance, but we do expect to have a net drag due to the COVID overlap or the COVID affected demand overlapped from 2020. So and that 1 to 2 organic it's in the lower half of our range, but it does reflect health underlying performance in both personal care and consumer tissue, personal care being up as I mentioned about 5% organic in the fourth quarter. And then we believe towards the second half and improvement in K-C Professional. The drag from consumer tissue, the way we're looking at that business and we're tracking, we think there is a pretty good correlation with mobility data. We do expect the current environment in developed markets to look similar to what it is right now through the first half and then for people to gradually begin returning to work in the second half, and so that's what we factored in. We know there will be a cycle and in our plans right now certainly a part of it will be, there will be -- will be lapping some big stock of activity that occurred toward the end of the first quarter of last year and throughout the second quarter of last year. We know we'll be cycling that, but we do still expect at home consumption to be somewhat more elevated certainly than 2019 and down from 2020, but still certainly little more elevated. And then we feel like we have strong momentum in our personal care business globally. And as you go across markets we saw robust growth and share growth against most of our personal care businesses across markets.
Michael Hsu: Yes, we have in our outlook in North America a birthrate decline, not as severe as that I would say, but in that mid-single-digit range. However, I do think the more recent category they would suggest that the caddy was running a little ahead of that and so we've seen that data. Our team especially in North America is working closely with that. I will see the category or sales were up about -- for the category about 3% in the quarter. And so for the past several quarters I think the North America category has been trending ahead of that.
Michael Hsu: Okay, sorry, we're in different rooms and so we have better job of playing the traffic cop, but I'll just start here and Maria can also add some thoughts. But, definitely the promotion activity in the fourth quarter was down as it was most of the year for us in North America. We're expecting what -- where demand is and we're still catching up to supplying our customers. That promotion intensity will still be down in the first quarter at least and probably the first half. We expect it to return to more normalized levels in the back half, but again our plans are for lower promotional activity in the first half. Certainly, given where commodities are, we expect to make the moves that we need to make to make sure that we can continue to drive our margins and so certainly additional cost savings and additional activities in RGM selective price increases will be on the plate for us.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Olivia maybe I'll start there. Just overall on the consumer tissue, again I think there certainly will be a lap in the first half in developed markets like North America. We saw significant elevated demand through the -- by March of last year, and that ran through all the second quarter. There was two components to that, one is just people being at home more, and therefore driving elevated consumption, and then the other part was, as you read about in the papers, the high stock up levels, and people carrying a lot more inventory home. We do think just that we're going to have to cycle some of that extreme stock up behavior, but we do think consumption levels at home will remain elevated, at least for the first half and then, tailored -- feathered down in the back half of the year. So that was part one, I forgot what your other part was of your question.
Michael Hsu: Olivia, I think we said, we didn't say no pricing. We said no kind of broad based list price increases, but we have plenty of select pricing actions across our businesses in multiple markets and so we will be making price moves. Whether that -- we have some plans around count. We have some selective list price actions in some markets, and then certainly with revenue growth management, how we manage our trade funding and how we get more efficient in our trade funding, we will be making some moves there. So, I think there's no absolute rules in terms of what you're cycling in terms of the commodity and everything else, but our goal is to drive margin expansion. It's called our KC 2022 [ph] strategy and we're confident in our ability to deliver long term. I think, given kind of the heavy puts and takes driven by the current environment, it's reasonable to expect some choppiness from quarter-to-quarter, whereas in the case of this year even year-to-year, but long term our intent is to drive margin expansion and cost management and pricing management is a core aspect of that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, okay. Maybe Dara I'll start the last part first which is, I think yes we did see a run up in December from consumption, particularly on tissue. It has softened a little bit and so we saw that throughout last year. And so, it's moving around quite a bit from month-to-month and actually week-to-week, if you look at the details. So that's something we expect, but we do think that the fundamental dynamic is, there are more people at home at this time than they were last year, that will continue through a big chunk of 2021. And then at some point, when hopefully when the populations in markets get vaccinated and people will be returning to work and we'll see a decline in some at home tissue consumption at that point. But for our purposes I think we've got that in the call and we've gone through a thorough forecast of that. With regard to the pricing, again we do expect some significant cost inflation in the year. It's in our plans and that's going to affect both the consumer tissue side and the personal care side. We're going to take appropriate actions and certainly that's going to -- we're going to pull all the levers and I've mentioned already, certainly around cost management. But in addition to that, it's one of the reasons why we're very pleased that we've got a robust revenue growth management capability up and running globally across our regions and the levers that we are working. I mentioned Olivia will be selective count changes. Some selective price list price increases, and then a lot of work around trade efficiency and managing promotions. On the promotion front I would say the pricing environment, we expect that to remain constructive for the dynamics I just mentioned, but Olivia which is I think demand will continue to be a little bit elevated with supply under pressure in developed markets, especially in North America. And so we feel good about the progress we've made on our [indiscernible] strategy and I'm really not interested long-term on kind of renting share through promotion activity. And so we're going to work hard to continue to drive a strong base, a robust based business.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, Kevin. Yes Kevin, I think we're still working through kind of the mechanics of how we will drive the realization. I will say the pricing calls have come in more recently and so they've changed over the last several months. And so we are working through that and, but certainly we recognize the goal is that we've got to drive margin expansion and we need to recover some of the input cost increases. And so for us pulling our lever across both the commercial side and our cost side, whether that's supply chain costs, or being a little bit more aggressive on taking the right pricing actions for us is going be important for this year, and so we are going to make those moves as we kind of work through the plan.
Michael Hsu: Yes, maybe. Yes, there's definitely a couple things, one we feel great about the investments we've made. We put in as you probably can do the math, a pretty significant investment over the last couple of years. And we feel like, that's working really hard and it's driving broad based growth across most of our markets at this point and so we feel great about that. I did say in my remarks that advertising will be -- I think 2021 levels will be similar to 2020 levels, I think we feel like that is sufficient for the growth that's in our plans for this year. But, in the near term, we want that to get more efficient, especially given everything that everybody's asked about with regard to commodities. So we're expecting productivity in terms of how we spend our advertising and how we make that more efficient and how we spend our trade, and how we make that more efficient, as well as throughout all the supply chain. So that's one part we feel like it's efficient for our growth plans for this year. That said, I will tell you that, we do have additional plans, and we are going to invest in other capability areas this year as well, right. And certainly, as we continue to drive our digital marketing programs, that's an area that we've continued to invest in in terms of capability. We'll be investing more in our cost management capability. We brought in a new supply chain leader from the outside who sees some good opportunities for us. And we will be investing to take the organization and bring the tools. And so we can systematically drive better planning and better capability across the organization across markets and deliver. We see productivity as a key enabler to our long-term strategy and to fuel the investment that we need. So, and then the last part, I would say, Steve, is, I do think that over time, I would like the investment levels to be higher for the company. And we'll continue to do that as we continue to build our plans and gain confidence in our ability to do that.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Steve, I mean, overall, our business is fundamentally strengthening globally, but I would say, especially in D&E and we feel like we're building a better company. That improvement is really driven by better execution and the investments that we just talked about in innovation, advertising, and our commercial capability. So the improvement is really broad based. And I just think about D&E, I think growth in the fourth quarter was across every region. So we saw double-digit increases in China, Argentina, India. India, which is an important long-term growth market for us. Africa, which I may have mentioned for the first time on a call here, and then we had high single digit growth in Eastern Europe and Brazil. So we feel good about the performance our markets, I think the one area on in terms of 2021, that, we're going to continue to expect uncertainty due to COVID, particularly in D&E markets. And the reason I say that, that uncertainty is likely to be higher this year than it was last year, because infections are climbing and at a higher rate than they were last year. And so we are going to see new ways. We're expecting additional ways to hit Latin -- to occur in Latin America soon. And I think we're actually starting to see that now. And so that's going to have an ongoing effect. That is just hard to quantify. Our experience last year was an economy would maybe go on restriction on the mobility with the client for a period and then bounce back and then we saw that in Brazil.  So, for example, I think in the third quarter, the economy was locked down for quite a bit of time and then the fourth quarter, we had a high single digit organic growth increase in Brazil -- share growth in Brazil, and a very strong fourth quarter performance. And so our experience would tell us, we're going to expect and see some bumps along the way in D&E, but we are planning for overall growth.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I don't have the specifics off the top of my head. I do, I will say, generally, certainly across all channels, we saw private label shares down in general across the marketplace. But I'll have to get back to you on the online component.
Michael Hsu: Okay, maybe Maria, do you want to talk about the phasing? And then I'll come back and talk about the stocking.
Michael Hsu: Yes, Andrea, maybe I'll talk more to consumer tissue in North America. But, as we think about cycling, the demand from last year, I think there's one component which is, in general right now, I think we're still living in a world with elevated at home tissue demand with more people at home translates to more usage of particular bath tissue at home. Obviously, there's elevated consumption of towels as well, because people are cleaning more often. So that's one overall effect. Specific to last year though, starting with, I think it was the second or third week of March, we started to see extreme elevated levels of consumption, with consumers stocking up and that's when you recall, all the shelves were empty. I think the third week of March last year the scanner data would say the category was up 212%. So that's one lap I think we will not see that as much this year. And that's certainly a piece that we're going to have to cycle. And we saw that behavior starting in March and it remained through a big piece of the second quarter. So I think the consumer stock up effect will come out over time, but I think for the first half at least, we'll continue to see elevated at home usage.
Michael Hsu: Yes, overall, I would say in North America tissue our shares I would say, our shares are kind of even with year ago and we're even down a little bit in our back tissue, primarily driven by supply constraints and so the demand is there. We're shipping everything we can make and trying to fill up both consumer and customer demand there. But we're actually down a little bit on share. But, I think the category had unprecedented 20% growth over the year last year in North American, so we really kind of moved mountains to serve the demand. I think, overall our shares were very strong for the year, as I mentioned in the remarks, we were up or even in about 60% of our markets globally or key cohorts globally. And I think we saw progression through the year and really strengthening in the second half of the year. And that's really factored in our thinking and is why we believe, particularly in our personal care business globally, which has been less affected by COVID. And if anything, I think the categories have been more -- faced more headwind due to COVID and then tailwinds globally. But the, for the year personal care was up 5%. We did see acceleration in the back half and very comprehensive growth across markets. If I, I'll just tell you, Andrea the shared growth was very broad based. We saw very strong performance in China in both [indiscernible] and diapers, Brazil, in the fourth quarter, Argentina, or we took on share leadership in diapers during the year. Peru, which I mentioned was a challenging market for us, in 2019, has really improved and we were up by multiple share points in the back half of the year. Eastern Europe, Russia, continues to see strong, robust shared growth. And as I mentioned, kind of the, the important emerging markets for us, like Africa and India we're also seeing good, robust shared growth as well.
Michael Hsu: Yes, well, Jason, I would say the category has behaved, as at least the data would suggest, meaning the last data that we had, and the birthrate data does lag by about a year. So the last piece of data we saw was down about 1% or 2%. And actually, as we got into 2020, I think a slight improvement, I think was down to one versus it was down two the prior year in 2019. In that range, and so I think the category, at least lagging year, with would say, has behaved similarly, in the sense of volume, I think, for the categories has been from quarter-to-quarter down one or two-ish, right in that range. So consistent with the birthrate, the category, dollar value has grown, because of premiumization. And I think, that is our core strategy for big develop markets, we still think there's a lot of opportunity for us to elevate our categories, our customers, believe that and I think we're seeing that in the performance, particularly with Huggies in North America, for the quarter, I think we were up over 3 share points in the diaper category. And, if you try to kind of put your finger on exactly what that is, there's nothing, there's no one silver bullet. There's a lot of things going on. And, we're excited about the innovation we've brought to the category. We have more comprehensive innovation we're bringing this year I think we're touching are focused on premium this year, and I think we're touching 75% our portfolio was really good innovation. And so we're really excited about that. But I don't know that we're defying the laws of gravity for category in the birthrate, it's been consistent. The things we hear Jason are are here, Jason around a five or Lauren mentioned 8% category declines. Those are forecast from third parties, but we haven't seen that in the data yet.
Michael Hsu: Yes, I mean, and certainly we're keeping close tabs on all that. And we have seen some deceleration in categories. I don't know enough data yet to call it birthrate, but certainly COVID related or population related. So certainly, we saw a decline in Russia, that actually tracks with the population dynamics with fewer women of childbearing age there. Korea, continues to -- I think we've seen improvement over the last couple years, but continues to be negative. And so I think in a handful of markets, we are seeing that in D&E, I think a little tough to call right now. And one of the things is, I think the COVID impact has been a little sporadic in those markets, where we've seen declines when the markets go into lockdown. But then, as I mentioned earlier with Brazil, a pretty good bounce back once the economy reopens.
Michael Hsu: Yes, well, Chris, I think you're hitting a kind of an important spot for me. I mean, philosophically, I just, I don't like, I don't believe in over promoting categories. And really, for me, but the purpose of promotion, at least that I tend to sign up for is it's the drive trial of your brand, right. And, whether you have important news or you're trying to get that brand to a population that hasn't experienced before, so, that's, for me that the strategic point. I do think when categories get over promoted; it tends to drive some commoditization. And over time, I think it lowers the growth potential of that category. So for me, I would like our organization to be very disciplined about how we reintroduce promotions into the marketplace. Certainly I think we're, we have great partnerships with our customers and recognize the importance to build their business, and we're going to be great partners with them. But I do think, how we think about promotions, I think you're asking the right questions. And so for us to be continue to be very disciplined about how we think about it, and how we manage it will be important going forward. And the other part of it is it's a big spend for us. And it's not, in any given year, the money is not perfectly spent and so we can always get better. That's why we've invested in capability and brought in a lot of tools and our revenue management capability to give us the analytics to help us spend that money more wisely going forward.
Michael Hsu: Yes, great, great point also, as well, Chris and I will say our professional team has done a great job pivoting. And so, we did see strong sequential improvement in the quarter behind their pivot to wipers and safety products. And, but you're right, the core washroom business improved sequentially as well in the third quarter still down. I think the -- having both sides of the business, both professional side, and the consumer side is a good benefit for us. And so it does give us the ability to move capacity around to some degree. Certainly in the professional side, we do have some assets that are unique to professional, but over time, I think we are expecting the professional business to return. It may not return -- I don't know yet whether it will return to pre-2020 levels, that remains to be seen. I do hope that that does, but I think we have -- we will have proven over time to be able to manage our capacity and our asset investments to right size the business for either growth or to shift businesses or asset capability to other businesses, we can utilize those assets more efficiently. So we'll make the right business decision. And I'll just point out that again, margin expansion is core to kind of our job and what we do and so we'll continue to make the right management decisions over the long term.
Michael Hsu: Okay, well, thank you. Certainly we feel like we're very well positioned. Our categories are essential. Our brands are healthy and we think there's lots of room for us to elevate and expand our categories. So thank you for joining us today.
