Mark Theine: Sure. Good morning, Juan. This is Mark. So yeah, we're really proud of our leasing team's efforts this quarter and seeing really strong leasing momentum to achieve those 8% releasing spreads. In addition to focused on the initial rate, when the renewal kicks off we're also focused on the annual escalators you mentioned. In fact, two thirds of our lease escalators this quarter had a rent bump of 3% or higher. So we're excited about the compounding cash flow from those embedded annual escalators going forward. And, we do try and put a lot of CPI adjustments into our new lease renewals that does come with sometimes the floor and the ceiling. And in the negotiations now I'd say, since the CBI number's been even higher than anticipated we're getting requests for more fixed escalators and those we're now pushing back in the 4% range on leases going forward.
Mark Theine: Yeah. Michael, Mark here, I'll take that one. So on the renewals, the 256,000 square feet represented a retention rate of 77% and we do expect that the tenants are looking to stay in place in their existing suites now, especially as John was just mentioning, the construction costs are rising. So it's become more expensive to relocate. Supply chain challenges that made it, difficult to relocate from a timing perspective as well. And so that's also -- the combination of those two things are helping us to push on our leasing spreads while, keeping retention high. So these are existing tenants and I'd say our customer service and property management team does a great job keeping these tenants happy and then renewing in their space for the long term.
Mark Theine: Adam is Mark, I'll take that. That's a great question. Our same-store number that's quarter 1.9 is slightly below our historical average in our rent bump around 2.4% and, as we were mentioning about the leasing results we're really excited about the leasing momentum that we have because what's pulling our same-store down this quarter is a slight dip in our occupancy of that same-store portfolio. So looking forward at the leasing momentum, we've had, we actually have a 100,000 square feet of leases that are executed, but not yet commenced. They're under construction and so we're excited that those leases will be coming on later this year in early part of 2023 and, just looking if you had performed all those 100,000 square feet as paying rent today our same-store would've been about 2.8% this quarter. So there's a nice pipeline coming of leases that are under construction. And as you know, these leasing results lag just a little bit until the cash flow starts. Yeah to be clear under construction is the TI build outs. So…
Mark Theine: Yeah. So the new developments technically our yield on cost of 6% plus, I'm not sure that's the question you are asking, but that's in the new developments, those numbers tend to be more than 6% and much higher than kind of current acquisition cap rates.
Mark Theine: Yeah. So the loan book a little unusual a year ago, because we had $50 million out in as part of the landmark mezzanine loans that was kind of the first step towards the eventual acquisition of that portfolio. We do see some opportunities, again, some of them are mezzanine, excuse me, some of our development financings is really in the form of mezzanine financing at a higher yielding rate as part of the capital stack of those projects. Some of our development is kind of loan owned or owned where we are funding, the development directly off our books and it's greater opportunity to deploy more capital. So we're seeing more -- we're seeing more loan opportunities, but last year was kind of an unusually high number because of landmark and that went away as part of that acquisition.
Mark Theine: Yeah, my comments, you said at earlier cost just, again, right now for the foreseeable future, we're seeing lots 4%, 5%kind of 6% opportunities for roll up. In some cases it's just a function of which markets where the buildings are and, however more aggressively we can push those rates. I'll let Jeff answer the -- or excuse me, I'll let Mark answer the second after the question.
Mark Theine: Yeah. So looking forward for our leasing spreads in the back of the year, you think we'll be looking at, 5% to 7% releasing spreads on target, which is as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. In terms of, what we're seeing single tenant multitenant or single tenants typically have very long leases, we don't have too many single tenant renewals right now. So primarily our leasing activity is in the multi-tenant buildings and not seeing too much difference in the on campus versus off campus. Again, we're really paying attention to what the overall market rate is for the particular location of that asset.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah Juan. It's JT, it's an incremental growth across the portfolio. Walt's [ph] always been a good thing until the last couple of years. So with only 2% rolling this year, 3% next year, but it is incrementally growing. Before this year, we had about 10% of the portfolio on CPI increasers and that's a strategy we implemented four years ago as we started doing new generation and renewal leasing. So it'll take time, but I think the higher increases may get us quicker than we thought.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, Austin, I'll take that. This is Jeff. Look, we're always looking at opportunistic dispositions. The Great Falls sale takes us down in terms of leverage about a quarter turn. So that puts us in a really good position to fund our acquisition pipeline through the remainder of the year, but that said, we have been getting inbounds on various assets, and so we always look at opportunistically selling something to help fund our pipeline.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah, it's over a $100 million today and we've got some other opportunities that we're kind of deep in negotiations on. So, I think we're -- we felt like we might can get to a $100 million, $150 million, commitments this year. Most of those dollars be spent next year and I think we're on a good track to do that.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. Michael, this is Jeff. So it was a relatively small investment in a real estate technology fund that's run by Fifth Wall. It actually has a lot of other REITs and real estate companies as LPs. And while we think the investment itself will perform well, the primary reason for the investment is to just get an early look at, the real estate technologies that are out there. So you get enhanced access and early access to these types of technologies and, ultimately what we'd like to do is just enhance the efficiency of our operations and our portfolio. So we think it's a win-win from both access to these technologies as well as a, a good return.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah, Steve, it's a great question. So as Mark alluded to, kind of high construction costs and higher kind of the opportunities for other space at much higher rates allows us to push kind of retention rates that or retention renewal rates at a higher cost. At the end of the day, there's a total to your point the total cost of occupancy that the tenant bear, the hospital system, investment grade tenants, like we like to least to can bear, so that's why service to those tenants and managing the operating cost and expenses, the best we can really matters really paying attention to the energy cost of the building, the utility cost generally. So, the more we can do to help hold those costs down, the more we can kind of push on the rent side as well in a balanced way. So, 8% is an outstanding number. I think it's a little unique to some of the particular buildings and leases that were impacted by that 8%, but we are seeing, 5% and 6% for the next couple of quarters. So it'll be a balance over time, but for the foreseeable future, we see the real opportunity to do that while at the same time, impressing our tenants with management of the operating expenses to hold those down the best we can.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. Hey Josh, this is Jeff. The nice thing about our lease maturity schedule is there's no refinancing or anything coming up over the next I guess over three years. So there's no refinancing needs. Right now we were comfortable where we are in the line. So I don't know that there's necessarily a need to term out that debt. It's hard to say exactly what long term rates -- what our 10-year rates would be right now, just because there isn't a whole lot of activity in the market. So there's not a lot of visibility. We would guess maybe 5% or so give or take. So like I said, I don't think, we'll need to use it, but that's where we see rates right now.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. If we decided that we wanted to term out the line, we'd probably look, the term loans, a better execution right now than 10-year debt. I thought you were just asking about 10-year costs.
John Thomas: It includes the future development commitments and really always has. We maybe have not made that as clear as we should, but we think we'll clear $250 million of development commitments and/or acquisitions this year, probably 50-50 weighted, maybe a little bit more toward the development commitments. Most of those dollars, the development dollars will be spent in 2023 and those will start generating returns in 2024.
John Thomas: Yeah. We've been really proud of that facility. Mark kind of walk through the history of it. It was one of our first investments in the surgical hospital out there and then there's a separate MOB with an ambulatory surgeon center in it, all on the same campus and then a fairly large medical office building. We've been working with the physicians and who were co-owners out there again for eight years. So we really hadn't had a plan to sell it. It was a very high yielding asset, but we'd been approached by a number of potential buyers and then just started exploring some price discovery with them, and frankly, those exceeded our expectations. So it wasn't a plan disposition, but, really an opportunity. So I need to pull really deep. I think we kind of once we started getting some offers that were attractive, we kind of took it to a broader market. So, there's still a broad pool out there and again, we're excited, the new owners are people we trust to take care of those physicians and that's important to us.
John Thomas: They went under contract and then didn't close, went under a contract in the second quarter, didn't close till subsequent event. So we had to put it in held for sale at that point.
John Thomas: Yeah. There's hot markets like the Texas market continues to be high, Florida continues to be high, the Atlantas continues to be strong, but you really across the board and we're seeing more and more assets that were for sale that went kind off market, i.e. under LOI or kind of contemplated transactions and then have seen some of those assets come back to market at potentially better cap rates for the buyer. So I think, we're still in that price discovery phase, but there's still a strong bit out there for medical office buildings for.
John Thomas: Yeah, Mike, obviously cost is important to, to everybody, but these are all related to health system expansion, strategic expansions. I think they're all but one or a 100% pre-leased by the health system and the other one is heavily preleased to a health system, with a clear track on where the physicians will come from to fill that space. Construction costs is high. These are all yield on cost transactions. That's the way, I'm a little hesitant to say exactly what the commitments are because some in the end maybe determine they're too expensive based upon kind of current market rents but, these are all heavily preleased strategic developments with high revenue outpatient surgical services that the hospitals want to pursue. So kind of a balanced approach. We're not out there to inspect development. We're not out there and our funding, comes with signed leases and with this signed GMP contract where we know exactly what the cost is going to be.
John Thomas: Yeah, I think we're starting to see assets that underwrite well and that we're attracted to that are, starting to movement to well north of five, but mid fives to high fives are kind of -- we're starting to see more and more of that. Those aren’t always reflect the kind of quality and credit that we want to pursue. But, it's rare that we see -- we still get a lot of ask for the low fours, but I don't think anybody's out there paying low fours for assets right now.
John Thomas: I can't say a better time. So, there's lots of -- we've seen lots of opportunities. It's just, seller's expectations are a year out of date right now. So we're starting to see more and more. We're getting closer to closer on kind of a bit an ask that works for us and that, will work for the seller. So the second half of the year you'll see more acquisitions.
John Thomas: Well, a lot of our development opportunities are coming from health systems who are looking for kind of expansion and strategic relocation of some of their practices. We're seeing some other opportunities in some markets that are more acquisition in nature and back filling billings that are less than occupied by those health systems where they would be interested in occupying them more. If we were the owner. We'll see some opportunities.
John Thomas: Yeah. I don't know if they're looking for alternatives to others. I just think we're working closely with several health systems on opportunities just like that. So either new development on and off campus or occupying more space and existing buildings that are kind of that they are in today, but are will move more space into it, but you own the buildings in the future.
John Thomas: Yeah, so we're not directly impacted by the inpatient rates, but that certainly affects the P&L of our health systems, which again we 66% of our space or leased to health systems, that's outpatient space, but, CMS did readjust their proposals for next year. I think they came out in the last week, so that's a 4.3% bump, which is filled probably still not enough to cover existing inflation and nurses salaries in particular, but it is much better than it was last year. Commercial insurance, again, talking to the health systems that shared that data with us about their ongoing negotiations, those are growing in the, 5% to 6% or more rate depending upon the market. So we're still waiting on CMS to kind of their proposal on the physician reimbursement was lower than it should be. But they always start low and kind of works higher by the time the final rule. So we would expect that to improve as well again, reflecting inflation. And then the outpatient surgery space, they're looking at about a 3% bump and I'm sure they'll try to fight for some more as well and again, that's for Medicare. So commercial insurance rates should grow at a pace in excessive 3% for those outpatient surgery center operators that we have so many -- that we lay so much space to.
John Thomas: Thank you, Michelle. Thanks for everybody for joining us today. We're excited about the prospects of the third quarter and look forward to seeing you at the investor conferences and on the next earning call. Thank you.
