Jeffrey Theiler: Thank you John. In the third quarter of 2021, the Company generated normalized funds from operations of $58 million or $0.26 per share. Our normalized funds available for distribution were $55 million, an increase of 5.3% over the comparable quarter of last year. And our FAD per share was $0.24. In the third quarter, the Company delivered consistent performance with same-store NOI growth of 2.5%, and same-store occupancy down 50 basis points year-over-year as strong lease spread have offset a handful of deliberate non-renewals. The portfolio saw no material impacts at all from the Delta variant and we continue to collect over 99% of all contractual rents and accounts receivable balances remained at the lowest levels in the history of the Company. Looking back over the past 2 years, although we were optimistic that the portfolio would whether the pandemic better than most real estate asset classes, has performed so well, it has even surprised us. As we continue to invest in building the best tenant base in the industry, refine our credit monitoring process, and dispose of our limited non-core assets like we did with our recently announced LTeX sale, we see no reason why we won't continue to perform even better over the long term. The Company closed $109 million of investments this quarter at an average first-year unlevered yield of 5.4%, highlighted by the off-market acquisition of a newly-constructed on-campus MOB with HonorHealth. In October, the Company closed another a $100 million of deals and announced the $764 million Landmark transaction. The 15 building portfolio is 74% leased to investment-grade tenants and not only provides an exceptionally high-quality portfolio today, but also opens the door to ten new. Health system relationships for future growth. Since many of our acquisitions are repeat deals often directly with health systems, we would expect it's latest transaction to provide future benefits as well. We continue to see enhanced demand for medical office properties as private market participants aggressively pursue the product. However, the difficulty of prime these assets away from health system owners is significant. Which enhances the value of our existing portfolio, as well as our platform. We had a busy quarter on the financing side of the business. We amended and extended our revolving credit facility, pushing the term-out until 2025 and reducing our current cost by five basis points. We also took advantage of our upgraded rating profile from Moody's and S&P to issue $500 million and 10-year bonds with a 2.625% coupon. We used a portion of the proceeds to repay our $250 million term-loan and expect to continue to build out our long-term debt curve over time as we grow the Company. As of now, we have only $84 million of debt coming due through 2025, providing exceptional financial stability for our investors. We issued $53 million on the ATM in October at an average price of $18.61 as we see the pipeline continued to build for next year. Additionally, we recently signed a contract to sell our 3 long-term acute care assets for $62 million. Finally, eliminating some non-core assets that we bought in the early years of the Company. These were assets that went through the bankruptcy process in 2019 and generated some temporary negative sentiment. While we achieved a 9% unlevered IRR on our LTAC investment, we prefer the risk-adjusted returns of medical office buildings over the long term and capitalize on the opportunity to sharpen our pure-play MOB focus. Following this transaction, medical office buildings will now provide 96% of our overall NOI an increase of 2% from last quarter. Turning to other relevant portfolio metrics our third-quarter G& A came in at $9.5 million and recurring capital expenditures were $6.7 million for the quarter. So both are trending towards our full-year guidance of 36 to 38 million for G&A million to $27 million for CapEx. I will now turn the call over to Mark to walk through some of our portfolios statistics in more detail. Mark.
Jeffrey Theiler: We only have 4% to 6% of our leases expiring each year over the next 3 years. And we've prepaid pretty much all of our debt. So, we only have $84 million of debt to refinance through 2025. So we think we're in an incredibly stable financial position, so we'll leverage trend down from 6 times pro - forma, yeah, it probably will. Are we nervous about carrying 6 times debt to EBITDA for some period of time? No, absolutely not. So we will be opportunistic as we look at funding, it will depend a lot on the upcoming pipeline and we'll just kind of continue to evaluate it.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes. I understood Jordan, you know, the Phoenix market is really as hot as it can be, pardon the pun with Phoenix. We think the rents at that -- in those two buildings are below market at this point, and certainly in the current market. We have some shorter-term leases in those a nice long Walt overall in both those buildings, but we have some shorter-term leases where we can move some things around and take advantage of some of those kind of mark-to-market and that billings. We think the kind of opportunity set there, in particular, as, as much stronger than that stated first-year cap rate. We have opportunities from reward development and more acquisitions with HonorHealth itself directly and so these were off-market transactions. They were under construction, kind of went into a pre -sale arrangement with them mid-year and it took them to allow the uncompleted, and [Indiscernible] and rent commencing. So the rationale for that I think -- I think Jeff can walk through the math and then kind of with the ramp bumps. And again, our expectation of moving some rent start more aggressively in parts of those buildings. There will be a creative in 2022.
John Thomas: John, we're focused on our core business in acquiring new investments and investment-grade quality medical office buildings and financing developments of those facilities. Again, we see every opportunity that's publicly available and evaluate those, but we don't comment some on them to be reached completely. So thanks for the question.
John Thomas: Yeah. Like we've seen, we think the Landmark portfolio is -- humbly is the highest quality portfolio we've seen and execute on that in an off-market basis. We are seeing portfolios trade frankly, well below in the mid-fours now today, so again, high-quality assets and kind of sizable portfolios. But we think the Landmark portfolio we acquired at an attractive price and frankly better than an openly marketed process.
John Thomas: Yes. So these were all built, purpose developed for those health systems. I think one was acquired by like Mark in the process of their relationship with the health system. But all of them have a Roper's and where they are on the ground leases. We, our Landmark, or both have visited with all the health systems and starting to receive waivers back verbally and in writing. So they still have some time left in their review process, but we expect substantially all of them, if not all of them to waive those?Ropers? and complete the acquisitions. In your other question, again we're seeing prints of assets sold in the open market portfolio. So on the open market in the mid-4. Again, we think the Landmark portfolio with specifically with the quality of the billing, the age of the billings, the walls of the billings to the health system credits involved, 74% of these buildings are leased to investment-grade health system credit. So, we think we will trade in the mid-4's, but not low 4's.
John Thomas: Depending on how you count, there's a lot out there available in the market and we're still evaluating some opportunities before the year-end. And I don't think we're prepared to update guidance, if you will, as we didn't blow through the 4 to 600. And included in that is we've got -- we did announce over a billion of investments which is the biggest challenge is of Landmark, of course. We do have 3 projects still under construction, one of those will break ground in the first week of December. It's a 100%-leased, beautiful facility and we think it'll be an award winner next year and in the Minneapolis market, got 1 in New York MSA under construction with Landmark, and we now have an option to acquire that building when it's completed next year and then we have projects within investment-grade tenant in the Dallas, Fort Worth market. I think we will see a little bit more completed this year and then first-quarter pipeline is really building up nicely.
John Thomas: Sure. Thanks. Jordan. So if you look at our third quarter on our enterprise debt-to-EBITDA we were about 5.0 times, proforma for all this activity, assuming Landmark closes completely in the fourth-quarter, that would bring us to about 6 times debt-to-EBITDA. So that certainly at the higher end of where we've operated historically. However, if you look at our portfolio, we're 65% in investment grade tenancy. We collected 99% of all our rents during a terrible pandemic. We're effectively 98% triple-net lease. So there's no operating margin risk in there.
John Thomas: Yeah. Good question. As I said in my introductory remarks, you'd like to?ratably? during the year. I think back to one of the other questions, we will issue guidance for next year with their next earnings call, but we've been deploying $500 to a $1 billion almost every year and again, most years it's more ratable throughout the year. This one we just had the opportunity to capture a very large transaction and also to develop the projects that just took longer to complete than we expected. So again, I think hopefully we'll see some more ratable first quarters is building up very nice right now. And we're in negotiations with a couple of more development projects which have not commenced yet, probably commenced first quarter and we will be able to include that in our numbers for next year.
John Thomas: If you look at institutional real estate investors, whether they be public or private, look across all commercial real estate asset classes. I don't think there's another one maybe, but cell towers that collected virtually all their rents in 2020 and many are still suffering through significant declines in occupancy and high wage labor costs, which don't affect us. And so as you're allocating capital in an institutional investor, it's no surprise that some of the world's biggest private equity firms and non-traded rates are going to be very attracted to the medical office space and I'm just driving appreciation of assets, again, in a 4 or 5 a day kind of FMV of best-in-class assets. Generally a 4-pack cap rate going in, but we look at our investments on a long-term IRR basis. And so again, those investors that have a 3 to 5-year horizon, with a be private equity or other private capital. We think we compete very well against that. We think the health systems are looking for long-term owners with the transparency about public Company and opening the business model of a public Company that's wants to be -- create situations and relationships that are win-win and that's -- we think that's how we keep getting repeat business with the likes of HonorHealth and others and had a great long-term relation with Landmark and they finally decided just to sell us all their assets and so we think that's the updating the firm to welcome to the party. We have great relationships with most of them and look from time-to-time with potential joint venture opportunities. But for the most part think, adding assets to our balance sheet is our primary focus. Jeff.
John Thomas: Yeah, the answer is generally no, but the Landmark portfolio does have some more vacancy across the portfolio than our our portfolio and we're already working on in evaluating lease-up opportunities for that space and we were talking about two or 300 basis points, but there are some shorter Walton in some of those buildings and as we talked about before, the market rent are moving more aggressively up in those markets and so again, we expect to take full advantage of those opportunities with those health systems and source new developments with those health systems.
John Thomas: We appreciate everybody joining us this morning. We look forward to follow-up calls and Nareit. Unfortunately, Zoom is next week, but we look forward to seeing you one way or the other. Thanks for participating.
Jordan Sadler: Great. So, I think the previous guidance was for $400 to $600 million. So I guess that's over with, you guys are blowing through that, any goalposts you would offer up for the remainder of the year or just on a look forward basis, John, or just kind of trying to frame up what the investment opportunity looks like. It really [Indiscernible] after the third quarter.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then can you speak to sort of the financing evolve this maybe Jeff, you can kind of frame up where you are on leverage right now on a pro - forma basis for all this activity and sort of where you expect to be or how you expect to get back this where the target range.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just coming back to Landmark, but also the HonorHealth transactions, including one of the more recent ones, new construction assets at closing in. What looks like a 4.5 cap. Can you maybe speak to the merit of investing in MOB sub-5 -- at sub-5 cap rates, and maybe it would help by explaining the difference in the growth profile of the -- maybe the HonorHealth assets versus the actor's portfolio for example. Where you're getting a 5.5.
