Jeff Theiler: Thank you John, we are pleased to report another solid quarter of operations. The company generated funds from operations of $26.3 million or $0.19 per share. Our normalized funds from operations which adds back acquisition expenses was $29.5 million. Normalized funds from operations per share was $0.22, an increase of about 5% over the same period last year which is a pretty remarkable number considering we pre-funded our large CHI acquisition with our $443 million equity offering in April. Our normalized funds available for distribution were $27 million or $0.20 per share. In this quarter, we closed on $680 million of investments at an average cap rate of 6.3%. $616 million of this activity was related to the CHI transaction and the remainder consisted primarily of medical office buildings sourced through existing relationships. Our acquisition closing skewed toward the end of the quarter with a second tranche of the CHI deal closing on June 30. Had all of our second quarter acquisitions closed on April 1, we would have had an additional $7 million of cash NOI. We are pleased to be largely through the closing of the transformational CHI deal and look forward to focusing our attention on the acquisition opportunity ahead of us. We remain comfortable with our acquisition guidance of $1 to $1.25 billion for 2016. On the operations side, our same-store portfolio which includes every asset that we have owned 15 month period generated year over year NOI growth of 1.7% with the 10 basis point decrease in occupancy. Contractual rent escalations were responsible for the majority of the NOI increase offset by the lease expiration move out of the other North side tenant in our building in Peachtree Dunwoody building in Atlanta, Georgia. But we don't like any moveouts, the Peachtree Dunwoody building is a premier building in Atlanta with strong leasing potential. We will have back filled about one third of that space already by September and have some significant traction for a large chunk of the remaining space. We had a very busy quarter on the financing side, we started the quarter with our April issuance of $443 million of equity, our largest equity raised to date which was primarily used to fund the CHI transaction. This has enabled us to close the majority of that transaction as well as certain other acquisitions while keeping our debt to assets at 25%. Which is considerably lower than our peers. Also on the equity front we are process of negotiating a new $300 million ATM program in order to provide some additional financial flexibility. Moving to debt, in June we entered into a new credit agreement that increased our revolver size by $100 million to $850 million and provided the option to draw $250 million seven-year term loan at a rate of LIBOR plus 180 basis points. We do that term loan in early July and immediately entered into a swap arrangement that fixed our payments at an annual rate of 2.87% over the next seven years. The term loans used to pay down revolving line of credit, so as we sit here today, we have $158 million outstanding on the line with additional capacity of $692 million. Our balance sheet is as strong as ever. At the quarter end, our debt to total capitalization was 18% and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 4.2 times. We expect to continue to issue long-term fixed-rate debt in the second half of the year. We will evaluate both the private and public debt markets for this activity. Finally our G&A for the quarter was $4.9 million bringing the six month total to $9 million. We remain on track with our previously announced G&A guidance of $19 to $21 million for the year. With that I will turn it back over to John.
Jeff Theiler: Jonathan, it’s Jeff, the tenure is bouncing around quite a bit, right now I’d guess we'd been in the low 4s probably in the private market, if we were to do public market offering its hard to tell as an inaugural issuer but probably that same ballpark, so I would guess the very low 4s.
Jeff Theiler: I think that we are really going to be focusing on keeping our debt termed out particularly as we look at the interest rates that we have right now. So it’s certainly likely that we are going to use the long-term debt markets and again I think the private debt market is a great spot for us, we've got a great relationship in that area that we can build on pretty easily. And then, as we look toward the back - the end of the year certainly the public debt markets if they remain open would be a good option for us as well to expand the number of capital avenues that we have available.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. Hey Juan, it's Jeff. We haven’t and I guess that's because we haven't really contemplated just turning it on and leaving it on. I mean I think we want that ATM to have the flexibility to match fund acquisitions when appropriate or get a little bit of equity here and there. I don't think it's going to be a deviation from how we typically fund, which is follow-on equity offerings, particularly when associated with a big chunk of investment volume. So we haven't really run that analysis. I can certainly talk to you about it later if you like.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, John. It’s Jeff. We think that our G&A is going to be in line with everybody else's that operates the same kind of business. So as we get bigger, we expect it to drift under 1% of assets like the other pure play MOB REITs. So I think you could just plot it on that kind of a line of G&A assets versus overall assets.
John Thomas: Hey Jon, this is John Thomas. We communicated in the past, we tapped the brakes a little bit just while we integrated CHI and had such massive investment in work to do to complete that investment this quarter. The pipeline for the rest of the year looks pretty good and I think we feel good about the guidance that we are not previously announced 1.2 to 1.25 billion. Could surprises to be more but we feel good about that guidance and I think the pipeline for ‘17 particular about relationships is also starting to build, so, for now, we will issue 2017 guidance later but still feel good about the pace and the opportunity.
John Thomas: The entire relationship is as much larger couple of buildings under construction but one of the things that’s so attractive to us about it was the great cap rates and kind of the aggregation of independent physicians altogether who aggregate those medical village [indiscernible] Orlando market, so pretty excited about it, I think most of it outflows this year at some point but that was just the first two buildings in the relationship.
John Thomas: No, these will be in the low eights, but the first to get the closed were older buildings being rehabbed substantially the newer buildings trying to get a tighter cap rate, but it’s overall the rate for the relationship.
John Thomas: Six months. It is a beautiful facility and a great new relationship for us that Mark Theine and John Sweet worked hard to develop.
John Thomas: And that's exactly what that is, a small investment of land, so we can expand that building which has a surgery center in it, [indiscernible] expansion ramp once it’s developed.
John Thomas: Sure Vikram, so you are right, our same-store pools continuing to grow, we have 1.7% growth this year, that was disproportionally affected by an additional move out that we had in Peachtree so we had two of the North side tenant vacate the Peachtree Dunwoody building so that’s what dropped it down a little bit. We would expect certainly over any kind of reasonable period of time that you are going to be in the 2 or 3% same-store growth arena, so we would expect rental revenues to kind of increase to a more normalized 2%, 2.5% and operating expenses to probably start increasing a little bit.
John Thomas: I mean it's hard to know exactly where it's going to pan out in 2017. I mean we've talked a lot about 80 to 90% retention rate goals, if you eliminated that Peachtree Dunwoody move out from this quarter we would have been 84%. So we think it's probably going to be 80 to 90% but it's not the definite right now.
John Thomas: Vikram this is John Thomas, so, that was not unexpected, Fitch just kind of caught up with the other agencies, if you read that S&P report you get a substantial detail about kind of their evaluation of the long-term prospects frankly for a credit upgrade there are two key components of that one was the recapitalization which was what are transaction did for them and in the second was just the operating history to see they are kind of strategic operational improvement plan go into effect. So, it was no surprise to us we had done our own individual and gone to third party to work with us on an individual region by region analysis and certainly some room for improvement, global being [indiscernible] lowest North Dakota and Houston area being part of the strongest regions within that platform, Seattle being very strong but even in [indiscernible] we had four times pro forma EBITDA coverage and had a lot of new leasing activity particularly with Amy Hall joining us and one of the reasons we are so excited about her. So we feel very good about the long-term prospects and where they’re heading.
John Thomas: That's right, we don't have any attention to the selling thing there are some buildings that over time probably get redeveloped or replaced but in the near term they are producing good NOI and anchored by CHI and our own campus so we feel good about even the lesser of the portfolio.
John Thomas: Hey Juan, this is John, I don't think even at the lower tenure and [indiscernible] cost, we still are seeing lots of opportunities again between six and seven. There are certainly people pushing for sub-six particularly in big coastal markets but we still very good about the high quality we are finding and again for the year, weighted heavily by the CHI transaction, which is in place at 6.2%, we still feel good about, averaging about 6.5% for what we see in front of us. So, you'll see some 6s and as we mentioned, we got the 8s, which are brand new buildings down in Florida, that overall we still feel and see lots of opportunities, again ranging from 6 to 7. But as you move up the quality scale, like we continue to try to do, again, you'll see more in the low-6s.
John Thomas: Yeah. Good question, Juan. So technically we have, if each region is our tenant, and that's where the credit is and the credit risk is, we do think about the aggregate, which is approaching 29%, but the corporate super parent, if you will, which is the rated entity is not a direct obligor on the leases. The only real direct obligation they have from a balance sheet perspective are the bonds that they issue in the aggregate [indiscernible]. So, again, that's what we did individual credit analysis of each region and as I said, even the worst region is 4 times EBITDA coverage and kind of a BB, kind of implicit rating from a rating agency perspective. So, that's why I think you'll see in our supplement, we're breaking it out, so our largest tenants, our top 10 tenants now are -- several of those are individual regions within the CHI and that's technically where our credit is and technically where the risk and the exposure is.
John Thomas: It's close to 10, if not more. We kind of look at it on individual, some regions are in the teens and again the worst is 4 plus.
John Thomas: Mike, kind of like your home town Cleveland Cavaliers, we've got an outstanding team between Deeni and Mark Theine and John Sweet and others who are still out there sourcing opportunities. Mark has spent an enormous amount of his time, integrating this transaction and with Mark Dukes that, this great addition that again it worked with Mark or Deeni Taylor previously at Duke. So it hasn't slowed down at all, in fact with one of the advantages of our kind of proprietary model, we're able to kind of pace out and move some of the transactions back into the calendar year when we can pursue them more aggressively. So, as I mentioned here in my opening comments, Jeff and I frankly have been spending a lot of times with potential new investors focused on the [indiscernible] classification and so it's a good balance, but I'm still out there knocking on doors as well.
John Thomas: Absolutely, we just move things from the second to the third quarter and as sellers in relationships that we work with to be patient. To my knowledge, we haven’t lost any opportunities and just kind of spreading them out over the back end of the year. Again, CHI was so important to us, we are so important to build other hospital systems that might be calling that we had a extremely high quality integration and first day on the job, managing those -- building those physician relationships and I said Amy Hall started July 1, she was actually working on new leases before she started and that's been a very positive impact.
John Thomas: Yes. So we did answer this, but we're happy to do it again. So we still see a lot of really good opportunities, particularly our cost of capital has improved and we would like to be better, but we’re seeing lots of opportunities between 6% and 7%. I think for the year, we’ll probably end up about 6.5% on the aggregate, but heavily influenced by our CHI at a 6.2, kind of going in place cap rates. So there are some portfolios out there that probably continue to push at 6 and people looking for sub-6, particularly in kind of core coastal markets, but we’re excited about the opportunities we see and we continue to move up the quality scale and we view that as newer buildings, bigger buildings and on and off campus, but fairly helpful systems, which is going to drive those cap rates to that range, but 6% is still a good number, best in quality for us and we've got an 8 in the pipeline that are brand-new buildings that works out.
John Thomas: Yes. We feel good about our guidance and being able to accomplish that. We have plenty of fuel to do that and we can do that through that, but without increasing our debt levels to anywhere that we’d be uncomfortable with, but we feel good about the guidance as it is, and if you get lucky and do a little bit better, we could push some things to the first quarter 2017.
John Thomas: Yes. I think we’re probably getting to a time, scale and we probably did a little bit more proactively, we don't have anything held for sale today. We sold two of the legacy buildings from the original portfolio last year and there are some older buildings that are still producing nice NOI, but 2017 might be a year that start doing a little bit more of that, nothing in the CHI portfolio, do we have any attention to sell in the near term, but there are some opportunities there for some redevelopment or repositioning some assets and over time, there will be some pruning, really, the whole portfolio, but out of CHI as well. There are also some brand new buildings and some high-quality on-campus buildings in that portfolio, we expect to own for a very long time.
John Thomas: We can't speak to what Duke will do, but we’re excited about our team, and they developed and/or managed their portfolio. So we’re anxious to hear if you find anything about it.
John Thomas: The team has grown a lot for the implementation of CHI, particularly on the property and asset management side. A lot of that is reimbursed through our rate cap charges in the leases there. So it's, kind of on a G&A basis, it’s not only net neutral, but just positive, so there is still some G&A growth, but not -- it’s disproportionately lower than the growth in asset base.
John Thomas: I would say it's interesting the kind of the range of education and understanding about REITs, generally in health care REITs and specifics on, some are just learning. So obviously we think MOBs are not only the best asset class, but we and the other MOB REITs are probably undervalued in comparison. So we think there is a lot of relative upside there as I mentioned before in our comments. I think some of them will come in thinking there is higher valuations, but we do a good job and we work hard to kind of help them understand where the opportunity is we think as MOBs.
John Thomas: Yes. So on our highly specialized facility, which is fairly small part of the portfolio, our LTACs are in the 3 plus EBITDA range or sort of hospitals are 4 to 5 times EBITDA range. I mean, very good coverages and very low Medicare exposure, no Medicaid exposure. So you distinguish that from skilled nursing in particular and kind of the supply bubble and other senior housing, again MOBs should stand out as the high-growth in the most stable asset class in healthcare.
John Thomas: I think it's -- third quarter will be, we feel good about it. I think it's probably more in the fourth quarter and the pipelines will try them out, but kind of a regular REIT business, we feel very good about.
John Thomas: So that one tenant was a biggest impact and we talked about it last quarter and it’s two tenants that were related to each other, one expired in the first quarter and the other one expired this quarter, and I think the trends continue to be in the right direction for the rest of the year.
John Thomas: I don't think it changes. I think it enhances. I mentioned this Tayo, in my opening comments, that regulation is, we expected that interpretation and as had some insight into that, and again if you own a grandfathered asset, the tenant, if they want to keep that higher reimbursement, has to stay there. They can move it back to the hospital campus, but if they put it on the outpatient off-campus setting for a reason, they just totally benefited from the HOPD rates and now CMS, you can maintain that as long as you stay in their location. So, we feel very good about that from that perspective.
John Thomas: Yes. I think future acquisitions, if they are grandfathered assets, right, if they are not a grandfathered asset, we’ll underwrite it from that perspective and again, we like on-campus, but we think the future healthcare delivery is very consumer driven and consumer oriented driven and you don't plot the new hospital down in the middle of a high network demographic kind of market, you do it in an outpatient setting, and again there will be future outpatient buildings built there that just have a different reimbursement model. So we will underwrite it from that perspective, but there is a lot of grandfathered assets out there, very large number of our buildings, 50 buildings have some kind of 603 anchored to them and we think they are stronger than ever with this law and these regulations.
John Thomas: Yes. So we really haven’t changed our views on development. Again, one of the opportunities we have with our CHI relationship is to work with them, and as they identify developers that they want to work with and again hopefully we would expect some opportunities to help them in that planning and eventually owning those best buildings, but we certainly have the capability to develop and oversee the development, but we are not building an engine business -- do direct development. So, we’ll continue to work with developers and friends around the country and if they need some capital as part of the opportunity and create some opportunity for us, then we'll do that on a case-by-case basis. But you're not going to see a development team starts self-developing here in any meaningful way. We can expand the building where we have like a TI expansion, but no change in philosophy.
John Thomas: No, it’s not. I would never say never on anything, but we don't have any intention to do that, Jordan.
Jordan Sadler: Hey, guys. Can you hear me all right? John Kim, can you hear me? It's a joke. I could hear you. Operator, I don't think that the management.
Jordan Sadler: John, Jeff, can you hear me? They can't. John who? John Kim? Just see operator. Yeah. The management team can't hear me, sir.
Jordan Sadler: I just asked them and they didn't reply. I don't know if you're listening on a different headset. John Thomas, Jeff Theiler, can you hear me? Anyone? Theiler? Sorry, operator. I can't hear.
