Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. We start off 2015 was another successful quarter. Our first quarter 2015 funds from operations or FFO were $7.7 million or $0.11 per diluted share. Our normalized FFO, which added back $5.9 million of acquisition expenses and some other small normalizing adjustments were $13.7 million or $0.20 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 67% from the first quarter of 2014. Normalized funds available for distribution or FAD were approximately $12.5 million or $0.18 per diluted share, a year-over-year increase of 50% from the first quarter of 2014. We continue to execute on our strong acquisition pipeline in the first quarter closing on over $234 million of high quality investments featuring premium healthcare tenants with an average unlevered first year cash yield of 6.9%. These assets generated $1.9 million in cash NOI in the first quarter. And we acquired all these assets at the beginning of the year they would have generated an additional $2.2 million in cash net operating income. In addition, subsequent to the end of the first quarter we have acquired an additional $56.4 million of properties with an average first year unlevered cash yield of 7.1%. In order to fund these acquisitions while maintaining our commitment to a conservative balance sheet we closed almost 19 million share follow-on offering on January 21 of this year the largest in the company’s history. This offering raised $297.7 million in net proceeds enabling us to fully pay down our existing line of credit and help fund a portion of our first quarter acquisition activity. We also utilize our aftermarket equity program in January raising $4.2 million of total proceeds in the first quarter. At the end of the quarter we had $73 million drawn on our $400 million line of credit combined with our modest existing secure debt of approximately $84 million, our debt to total asset ratio was just under 15% at the end of the quarter. Leaving us well-positioned to continue to execute on the acquisition pipeline we see for the remainder of the year. On the operations front our portfolio is just under 95% leased at the end of the first quarter. This is the second quarter in which we have reported our same-store portfolio statistics. As a remainder our same-store portfolio is relatively small part of our overall portfolio and small adjustments can significantly impact the results. Our same-store cash NOI for the first quarter of 2015 grew 2.4% year-over-year, which was primarily due to expense savings. Finally, our general and administrative costs for the quarter were $3.4 million, or $2.7 million on a cash basis inline with our expectations. To touch on guidance for the remainder of 2015 because we continue to focus on external growth our FFO and FFO per share are highly variable depending on investment volume, investment timing and assumptions for raising capital. This makes it extremely difficult to provide meaningful guidance on these items. However based on our acquisition success in the first quarter of the year and the pipeline we see going forward we remain comfortable with the previously provided acquisition guidance of $500 million to $700 million of total investments for 2015. This guidance includes acquisitions already announced this year and at the midpoint represents a modest increase over the investment volume we achieved last year. With that, I will turn it back over to John.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Juan, it’s Jeff. We’re looking forward to covering the dividend by the end of the year, that’s our projection, where it’s a priority for us, obviously we feel like we are making good progress towards it, so we expect to be covering it by the end of the year.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, John, it’s Jeff. I think when we look at our growth and our growth through acquisitions and how we fund that certainly a big part of our objective is to make sure that we are keeping the company safe and keeping in position for a long-term growth. To the extend capital markets aren’t there and I mean I think that would mean a pretty big drop from where we are today. I think we would be comfortable sitting and waiting for pricing to readjust on assets before we start acquiring assets again. I mean we are not going to do deals that are destructive to our equity value. And we are also like we’ve talked about many times committed to maintaining a sensible balance sheet. So if the pricing isn’t there and it doesn’t make sense then we are comfortable passing, we don’t see that as we sit here today.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, we had in the same-store portfolio there are two tenants that left one was just over 3,500 square feet and that was [indiscernible] comments so we had another one in new is just over 3,000 square feet that vacated as well. So two small tenants have left in again this is the downside of having a small same-store portfolios you get relatively small changes in your operating statistic and it just carries a big way.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, Jonathan. So again for the small pool impact, we have some higher than normal operating expenses in the first quarter of 2014 and it’s a stuff like [pipe first] that we had as maintenance expenses, we have some paneling on a roof that we have to replace that we had an expense through. So there is just a couple out of the ordinary expenses in the first quarter of 2014 that weren’t there in the first quarter of 2015 and that’s really what drove that down.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Jordan I think that’s a good observation I mean we’ve clearly got into a critical math and we got $1 billion – almost a $1 billion of unencumbered real estates, we have a lot of capital or a lot of different tools in the tool box now for capital. So we can’t look at bigger deals there are some fairly large deals out there that with our assets and clients that we know well we’ll take a look at a year ago we probably wouldn’t spend anytime at all. But again our regular way investing is we are going to continue from the foreseeable feature which I think is years which is - this is a very fragmented business and we pick up a lot of business again $20 million to $25 million at a time and that’s what’s sitting in some of us. So when we talk about pipeline we are really focused on those kind of opportunities. And then in addition to that looking at some bigger opportunities floating around the market.
Jeff Theiler: They generally do so and kind of think about that a couple of different ways, but 50 basis points probably the minimum when you get into those backup, you get the big three involved in and you get anybody is looking for a big opportunity is going to pay a premium for the bulkiness of it. The Davis portfolio was frankly he was particularly focused on a specific type of partner, our investors know the assets and so. And I think Dave will get those at a very attractive price and probably didn’t have as much portfolio premium there because he was willing to take a discount because we wanted to be very selective with the owner – the next owner.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, that’s market by market, but I mean the few renewals that are left for this year in it $19 bucks kind of expiring so we should be able to continue to move those up. And some markets are 2% markets, some markets are 3% market. So we continue to focus kind of on that 2.5% average across the portfolio, but the near-term we don’t have a lot of expiring so we don’t have any roll downs that risk and overall we only have about 5% in the entire portfolio available, so 30,000 feet of that is one building that we would again in Lansing, Michigan that may move into more a disposition effort than a leasing effort. So Mark has done a – Mark and his team had done a great job not only with renewals but advancing the absorption of the other space. Feel very good about it.
John Thomas: Yes, Kennewick which is the large development project where we have a takeout which appears to be on schedule for this summer some time.
John Thomas: Yes, we’ve got really both, but we are still seeing lots of good volume and high quality around the 7% first year unlevered cash yield, but we are in both in bigger markets and smaller markets.
John Thomas: No, I think we are still rounding out some additional accounting staff primarily, but right now as we announced previously John Sweet has extended his contract through at least 2016 and probably by the end of this year we’ll add some additional senior leadership in our business development.
John Thomas: It’s too early to talk about dispositions, we have a couple of legacy assets, we’ve been trying to sell, we sold one of those but they were small assets they came in the legacy portfolio and generating enough capital really be consider for capital recycling, everything we bought since the IPO we bought with the intention of kind of a 15-year old and they have had no affected all more gotten better than no real issues with the credit loss or anything like that. So the next year the next will probably start thinking about that more routinely. And then on the JV we have lots of kind of private investors that recap to us looking to partner from time-to-time and we want small kind of very small JVs where they had the asset or had an ownership interest in the asset, but again we think we have access to big capital partners and small capital partners in the capital markets general.
John Thomas: Yes, it’s a very small part that’s the difference between leased versus occupied I mean we kind of go under this lease terminology because there might be a small tenant, 2000 square foot tenant in some building that vacate and they are still paying the lease so we feel like leases are little bit more of appropriate term to use.
John Thomas: That was all leased role that we had anticipated when we bought the buildings, so again relatively small tenants compared to the overall portfolio.
John Thomas: I wouldn’t say it has had a huge impact, obviously it’s a great change – great legislation for physicians just creating their stability that they had to kind of fight for every other year, every 18 months. I don’t think it really changes our underwriting at all I mean you kind of after – ultimately fixing it every 18 months for the last 20 years it came to be predictable. So kind of stabilizes the physician community generally. So I won’t say any real great impact. Hospital reimbursement overall, partly used to pay for that, I think just a continued emphasis on outpatient care are reflecting a continued emphasis on outpatient care and lowering the cost of care that Medicare is going to pay for. So we do think that is kind of support of our strategies of looking outside the big box hospital for real estate investment assets.
John Thomas: Yes, I didn’t probably said to [indiscernible], that the pipeline is very robust what I meant by that I think we are comfortable with that guidance and at least a midpoint or the higher end of that guidance with the pipeline in front of us.
John Thomas: We appreciate you all taking the time this afternoon to join us and appreciate your support we are working hard for you, for your investors and for all our shareholders and just thanking - look forward to talking you at – seeing you at NAREIT in the next quarter. Thank you.
John Lucey: Yes, Mike its John. The pipeline continues to be robust I think the same kind of averages has we’ve been producing each quarter recently what we consistently would think about and then back to the kind of the $700 million top end guidance for the year potentially but when you got plenty of pipelines to at least [indiscernible] to that number or you know kind of the midpoint of that $500 million to $700 million. I think most everything in the pipeline right now is medical office and healthcare system anchored maybe on or off campus but healthcare system anchored, so really we’re seeing some very high quality opportunities right now.
John Lucey: Yes, we got some nice sizeable opportunities as well but this business is $20 million to $25 million at a time. So we’ve got some $10 million ones we got some $40 million so the averages will look like in next quarter or two look like what we have been doing, so.
John Lucey: No I think its by as we’ve had a opportunity for lower cost of capital having the opportunity to be competitive with the larger buildings the larger on-campus buildings, but it’s well, but as I said minute ago, we still see a lot of nice $10 million opportunities I mean we’ve gotten to a point ourselves we’re looking at things smaller than that is hard to justify the time and energy in some of those transactions but we completed nice $8 million of acquisition Louisville, Kentucky which is brand new ASE leased to the CHI affiliated hospital there. So we see – still see and we’ll still do some transactions like that, but it usually because there is some bigger relationship opportunity out of it.
