Jeffrey Theiler: Thank you, John. In the second quarter of 2017, the company generated funds from operations of $32.6 million or $0.20 per share. Our normalized funds from operations were $37.9 million. Normalized funds from operations per share were $0.24 and our normalized funds available for distribution were $34.2 million or $0.21 per share.  As John discussed in his prepared remarks and as detailed in our June press release, our tenant in Kennewick, Washington ceased paying rent and has entered into Chapter 9 bankruptcy. While we strongly believe in the value of that building, we did not collect the full second quarter of rent and wrote off the previously recognized straight-line rent asset for a total charge of $4.1 million or about $0.03 per share.  Our acquisitions this quarter totaled $588 million and we purchased some extremely high-quality medical office buildings, including some that would be widely considered as among the best in the country. The average first year expected cash yield on these investments is 5.3%. Our relationship strategy of investing continues to pay dividends for us and our pipeline continues to build. As a result, we recently increased our acquisition guidance to $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion for the full year of 2017.  In terms of timing, the vast majority of our acquisitions took place at the very end of this quarter. Had we acquired all of the second quarter acquisitions at the beginning of the quarter, they would have contributed about $7.5 million of additional cash NOI.  Turning to operations. Our same-store portfolio which represents 55% of our total portfolio, generated year-over-year cash NOI growth of 1%. This number is heavily impacted by the loss of the Kennewick rent in the second quarter. We continue to believe that assuming reasonable capital expenditures, our MOB portfolio can expect to achieve 2% to 3% year-over-year same-store NOI growth on a long term basis.  Our overall occupancy remains the best in the sector at 96.3%. Recurring capital expenditures for the quarter were $4.9 million and should trend a bit lower in the second half of the year as we benefit from our 8.5-year average lease term and our less than 1.2% of GLA rolling in the remainder of the year. Our balance sheet is the healthiest in the sector and was fortified by our 20 million-share follow-on stock offering in early July which funded our second quarter acquisitions and prefunded our acquisition pipeline. We also issued just over 4 million shares through our ATM program in the second quarter of this year.  At the end of the quarter, our net debt-to-total assets was 38%, but pro forma for our July equity offering, this ratio would have been about 28%. We're in excellent shape from a capital standpoint going forward and have more than adequate debt capacity to fund the rest of our 2017 acquisition pipeline.  Turning to our dividend. In the second quarter, after closely examining the situation in Kennewick as well as our projected earnings growth, the board recommended an increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.005 per share, bringing it to $0.23 per share.  Finally to briefly touch on G&A, our G&A for the quarter was $6.25 million which puts us at about $11 million for the year and on track to meet our previously discussed guidance range of $22 million to $24 million for 2017.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to John.
Jeffrey Theiler: And Vikram, this is Jeff. It works out to about 0.5% of our annual base rent. So it's a pretty small number.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes. So between the three different locations, it was about $2.3 million and that's a pretty good run rate for at least the foreseeable future. It does include a $330,000 catch-up payment that San Antonio has been making that they'll make through the end of this year. So that's a good run rate for at least the next couple quarters.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, the $2.8 million was onetime, that's exactly right. And then there's $1.2 million that's not recorded rent. So -- but the $2.8 million is the write-off of previously booked straight-line rent.
Jeffrey Theiler: Found that statistic. The other thing I want to mention was the other part of that retention rate, Jonathan, was the expiration of space in our corporate office building which we intend to occupy. So we essentially let them move out.
Jeffrey Theiler: And Jonathan, sorry, this is Jeff. Just to jump in. That $100 million to $120 million, part of that was the $4 million portfolio in Georgia that we sold already for about $18.5 million and that was about a 6.8% cap rate.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, so I'll let -- I'll turn it over to Mark for the TI packages because we did have some statistics on that for renewal and new leases. And I know you have them right there, Mark.
Jeffrey Theiler: It's Jeff. Yes, I mean, look, we -- it goes without saying we're -- or we try to say it anyway, that all of our acquisition guidance is dependent on maintaining an appropriate cost of capital. So on the one hand, it's very fluid and we're always looking at our cost of capital in conjunction with evaluating any deal. All that being said, we think we can still do accretive deals for our shareholders at the 5.5% to 6% cap rate range. And so we're comfortable with that right now and -- but we evaluate it on a daily basis.
Jeffrey Theiler: Well, look, I mean, I think any time you're buying high-quality assets, you've got the opportunity to grow NOI at a higher rate over a longer period of time. I mean -- but you're somewhat limited in the sense that you're acquiring leases intact. So I think that we continue to say 2% to 3% NOI growth is pretty much the standard for medical office buildings. We think we'll be, over the long term, right in that range. I think if you're looking out after these leases expire but are -- there's the opportunity to perhaps roll up more than you might otherwise. But that's years out. Our average lease terms is 8.5 years. So over the long term, yes. Over the short term, I think it's really a 2% to 3% NOI growth story.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, Tayo, so what you're going to see for the rest of the year is some really high-quality, off-market, hospital system-anchored buildings, some on-campus, some off, again very similar to what we bought for the -- in the first 9 months but the -- more in the 5.5% to 6% range. So we know -- we provided that range for the guidance. We feel good about that range and we have a balance sheet fully capable of executing on that guidance without raising additional capital.
John Thomas: Thank you, Jeff. From the beginning, our mission has been to very selectively cultivate a pure-play medical office building portfolio with our best-in-class operating platform to produce reliable, rising cash flows and dividends for our investors that will endure all economic cycles. Our strategy is intact and thriving.  Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
John Thomas: Yes, sure, Vikram and good afternoon. So CHI announced earlier this summer and they had shared it with us before they announced it, that they were going to sell their Louisville-based hospitals, not the Lexington hospitals which perform very well, but the Louisville facilities themselves. They hired, ironically, Morgan Stanley to run a process. I think they've had a fairly large number of hospitals, both for-profit and nonprofit, including some of what we understand to be the largest health systems in both spaces across the country, are looking at the possible purchase of those buildings. We believe the operations in those have deteriorated historically and from their historically very strong position. So we think new management, I think, CHI, concluded a different management would -- could be very successful there. So we think it's going to be a positive for us. The leases that we have there are mostly with the hospitals, any buyer would have to assume those leases as well as part of the transaction. So we're monitoring it and look forward to working with the pending potential owner there. It's 4 buildings that are 100% occupied there. On 21st Century -- excuse me, not 4 buildings. On 21st Century, we have 4 buildings, about 45,000 square feet that -- 3 of those buildings are some of the most successful practices within the 21st Century Oncology organization. So the bankruptcy there is at the corporate parent, not at these individual locations. We had actually recently negotiated long term extensions on those leases and believe those will be executed in time. So 100% occupied, currently about 8 years on the lease, but we have extensions pending. And they're currently paying their rent and always have as -- on time and schedule.
John Thomas: We have great relationships with developers. We recently announced that Jim Bremner is restarting his development firm and we'll be working closely with Jim. We work closely with Mark Davis, John Klauzada [ph] at Cambridge. We're real excited about the developer relationships where they have the local relationships with health systems. They get pre-leased buildings. And typically, if we have the opportunity, we might provide some low-risk, but nice-yielding mezzanine capital and have the optionality but not the obligation to purchase those buildings upon completion. So we think that's the right strategy for a public company and for us and really maximizes our opportunities with those developers that have health system relationships. And then Deeni and myself and Dan Klein and our old team really actually source development relationships, then we find developers to hand those off to and then deliver them for the health system client and then bring us back the opportunity to purchase them later. So we think it's a good, low-risk strategy but maximizes the opportunity.
John Thomas: Oh, the Lexington, yes. So we're still working with the physician group there. In fact, they moved that transaction forward, but we're not yet closed. So probably -- I mean, it'll be third or fourth quarter at the latest, but...
John Thomas: Now what you should still anticipate and what you'll see more of sort of our pipeline is really as good and the highest quality it's ever been. Cap rates have tightened and we paid for an incredibly fantastic quality, as we've pointed out and will show you when we tour the buildings in Dallas. But we're seeing a lot of opportunities in the mid-5s to 6% cap rate range and I think the rest of the year is going to look more like that. We don't think it's necessary to dip below 5% for outstanding quality unless the quality and other ancillary benefits of those relationships prove out, but we're seeing plenty in the 5.5% to 6% range.
John Thomas: Yes, Jonathan, this is J.T. We'll evaluate all those options. We certainly intend to recover as much of their past due rent as possible and non-paying rent going forward during the bankruptcy process. Right now that hospital and that market supports -- still supports this investment to get their balance sheet corrected and get back to the kind of historical run rate that they had and that we underwrote when we did the transaction. We really re-evaluated and looked back at everything we looked at in our underwriting and it's hard to say -- other than the fact that they ultimately had a major misstep this year, it's hard to say we wouldn't have made that investment again. And going forward, we'll just evaluate all options and see who they -- if they become a part of a bigger system, it may create more opportunity for us and maintain and start recovering not only the actual cash rent but back on straight line as well. So we'll just have to let it play out. Our expectation is probably nothing gets recovered in 2017 while it goes through the bankruptcy process. And hopefully, it's resolved by 2018.
John Thomas: Great question. So we're still working -- most of that is the -- are the foundation assets. We're still working with the physicians. They've been focused on operational improvement and doing a great job while, at the same time, having ancillary discussions with us, secondary discussions with us about purchasing those buildings and working with capital providers and banks to evaluate that option. So we still think that's the route that those will go. We don't have anything signed today. And I think we're getting to a point in time in our -- in the life of the organization. We just had our fourth anniversary. we'll start looking at kind of on an annual basis assets for disposition to, again, just totally or do -- continue to enhance the quality of the portfolio and appropriate grooming.
John Thomas: I mentioned that in my comments, Mike, is that early life of the company, we had a relatively high cost of capital. So kind of working with our relationships but really more focused on secondary markets because that's where we could find attractive opportunities, again, that were accretive with our cost of capital. But as we've grown and investors have supported us and our cost of capital has come down, we still follow our relationships into secondary markets. But the best health systems, the mass populations are in places like Dallas and Indianapolis and Atlanta, Minneapolis, Columbus, Ohio, Phoenix, Arizona, all great markets for health care and so as our cost of capital has improved, again, same strategies, working with great providers in those markets. But those tend to be more expensive places. And as investors from around the world have pumped capital into the space and are chasing these assets, the value has obviously increased, reflecting the 4.5% cap rate on the Duke deal and then the 4.7% on the -- what we believe are the 5 best assets in that portfolio that came to us through the ROFO process. So I think the strategy is the same. Strategy is intact. So obviously, we've got to make investment decisions that are accretive to our cost of capital. And sometimes, things come with the relationships that don't necessarily have a day 1 yield or acquisitions that don't have a day 1 yield. But when you get outstanding development rights which we would work with a third party to develop future buildings, accretion comes out of the transaction that way.
John Thomas: That's what we were talking about with Jonathan just a minute ago and I think we're getting to point and decide. We have 275 buildings now, so evaluating whatever -- I think, say, the lowest 10% of the portfolio and evaluating those for potential disposition is something we'll start doing more routinely and annually and we'll talk about those type of decisions and give guidance if and when appropriate in the future. One thing I wanted to mention as Mark was talking about our same-store performance, 4 of our 5 best same-store performers this quarter were all -- are all off-campus but strategically located, health system-anchored medical office buildings. So again, we still continue to believe on-campus is great and valuable, but you can have very successful off-campus buildings that are more convenient for patients and physicians and continue to be where health care is going and where you -- where we think we need to be investing as well as on-the-campus are great hospitals.
John Thomas: Well, the credit, the opportunity for growth. As I mentioned, the 5 buildings we bought are anchored by Baylor Scott & White, Ascencion, both Aa, high investment grade, still aggressively growing health care systems in great markets. If you hadn't been to Dallas lately, it's -- I think there's something like $5 billion for the corporate office under construction right now already leased. So it's a thriving market. And Baylor Scott & White, this is the anchor facility of the State of Texas, the largest non-profit health system. So -- and then future opportunities that we believe will come out of those relationships as well. I think you know I was General Counsel there. Deeni and Jim Bremner built that building on that campus. I just -- it's hard to imagine a higher-quality real estate investment in any asset class than that building. The two in Indianapolis are similar ones, both on thriving hospital campuses and fantastic demographics in the suburbs of Indianapolis. And then Atlanta just continues to grow as well and Northside Hospital has one of the strongest financial balance sheets of any hospital in the country and they continue to grow aggressively. They're already a nice tenant of ours in the Peachtree Dunwoody building. This building that Deeni bought and redeveloped for them at Centerpoint [ph] is right behind it. And kind of cohesively, those 2 buildings strategically work well -- very well together kind of in tandem. And then the development site, theirs is really the last piece of developer land anywhere near those hospitals. There's 2 other hospital systems right there. So all those are the attributes that led us to see the opportunity even at that high price. We also got lease enhancements as part of the transaction to make those cap rates even more valuable to us going forward. So those are the kind of things and ideally growing with the relationships. But the -- we see and we still see a ton of opportunities. Cap rates seem compressed, but we still are seeing a lot of opportunities in the 5.5% to 6% cap range. So I think that's more the norm. And when we get down lower, there's going to be something else there that's going to drive us to pay the appropriate price.
John Thomas: Those are all in the 2.5% to 3% range. The cancer center has got 17,000 feet that's vacant and we've got active leases in discussions on those -- on that space. So 17,000 feet. A building in some markets, it's 5% of this building, so it's not a huge driver of future NOI growth there on top of what's already in the building. But Baylor has got other expansion plans on or near that campus which, hopefully, we'll have the opportunity to work on.
John Thomas: There's some potential. We already have other assets in Dallas and get some synergies out of the property management team that's there. Baylor requires you to use -- it's really an outsourced engineering service, but they require you to use their service at very effective cost then I'll pass it through to them anyway. But the property management there has Asia's outstanding; and b, she has a lot of strength to kind of manage the region for us in addition to that building. So yes, definitely on synergies. Same with Atlanta.
John Thomas: Now -- Juan, this is J.T. The foundation in Kennewick are the 2 of our 275 -- well, 5 Foundation buildings and the 1 Kennewick building. So you've got those 5 buildings and we've been very transparent about the issues there. Across the portfolio, we evaluate all tenants routinely and don't see other material issues, so -- at this time. So things can change, but we don't have any material issues that we're concerned about.
John Thomas: Yes, John, thanks for the question. But we -- the original portfolio that we bought last year had brand-new buildings and some buildings that were older but on-campus of their affiliated hospitals. So over time, we'll evaluate that -- those assets. We have no restriction on being able to sell or reposition those buildings if and when appropriate. For the foreseeable future, we made that investment expecting long term holds. But in some cases, we did underwrite as part of the transaction kind of shorter hold periods on some of the older assets. In the new ones -- new portfolio, the average age is 10 years. But really, as I mentioned, the price -- the portfolio is brand new in Omaha, Nebraska. So a strong region for CHI, one of the strongest that they have. And so we expect those assets -- so we really -- we evaluated a lot more buildings than the ones we bought and decided not to buy others and had a good process with CHI to try to get the proceeds -- lower proceeds they were looking for but get the higher-quality assets that we could. So new 10-year leases, 2.5% increases in those. And we expect them to perform and be in our portfolio for a long time.
John Thomas: There's no restriction at all on us being able to sell any building that we bought from them, one at a time or multiples at a time. So some of those older ones are -- in the original portfolio were actually in that Louisville which is going through the sale process. So maybe an opportune time as part of that to sell them or reposition them with the buyer that comes into there. But we'll just evaluate that as that process plays out. As far as the potential merger with Dignity Health, we don't have any new updates there. I'd say we continue to expect and continue to hear from CHI management that they expect that transaction to move forward, but it's not a done deal yet. They don't overlap with any markets. You can probably read the tea leaves that selling the Louisville market is probably something that they came to the conclusion together to do that. But otherwise, their intentions are and they've told us as part of their process, that they don't expect to close any hospitals or to move out of any other markets, so.
John Thomas: Yes, Jim -- we like Mark Davis, who we have a great partnership with as well. Very similar structure. We have a consulting agreement with Jim that provides some incentives for him to help us on some acquisition opportunities and to source some acquisition opportunities with us. But his developments and development firm is, I'd say, independent of ours, but we do have some opportunities to participate in. And like I said, it would be in the form of mezzanine debt and most likely in transactions that he sources or that we source with him, with organizations, again, like Baylor and other health systems where Jim has great relationships as does Deeni and myself, so.
John Thomas: Yes, the physician group and a couple of local businessmen in Oklahoma City that they're working with to buy it slowed down their process. They're looking for -- frankly, they're looking for -- trying to figure out their use of the -- the old Foundation space is no longer occupied there and that's that lease that we terminated during the process. So we entered into a direct lease with that group for their space as opposed to the sublease under Foundation. That lease has a purchase option in it on the terms that we originally negotiated. So we expect that transaction may still come about. But at the same time, we have the freedom to sell the building to somebody else and we've had an inbound inquiry and kind of working through terms with that buyer as well. So the -- again, we still expect that -- it's a nice building in a great -- good health care location. We do expect to sell it but obviously can't guarantee that.
John Thomas: Again, thank you for joining us. And as we said at the opening, look forward to receiving an invitation to come visit the finest medical office building in the country in downtown Dallas, Texas, 2 -- one of -- 2 of the best health care tenants you could ever want to have. And we look forward to seeing you there and look forward to your calls. Thanks very much.
Mark Theine: Sure, Jon, I'm happy to. So in the same-store analysis, we had some successful lease-up of a few buildings. Our Peachtree Dunwoody Medical Center, as we've talked about in previous quarters, we've done a great job of re-leasing the building up to 95% with leases signed and some of those tend to be taking occupancy in the fall and continuing to pay rent there. And then a couple other buildings, our Nashville MOB and HonorHealth building and Napoleon. So it's really all lease-up driving our same-store this quarter, in addition to our annual average rent bump of 2.4% across the portfolio, that's really driving that up to 3.5%.
Mark Theine: Yes, retention rate, we re-leased 60% and what's driving that down is really one lease. It's the Oklahoma City Foundation mass re-lease which we terminated. Now we entered into a new lease directly with the group of physician subtenants in that building. So it had no impact on our leasing -- on our overall rent rate. But it -- on the retention rate, it hurts that -- sorry.
Mark Theine: Sure. So CapEx for the remainder of the year, we see somewhere in the neighborhood of $3 million to $5 million per quarter in kind of recurring CapEx for the next 2 quarters. And then on leasing, for new leases this quarter, we actually had a very great quarter for 16 new leases that average 10-year terms and 3% annual bumps, with an average of $27 per square foot for TI. So that's $2.70 per square foot per year. That's a bit light than what we normally average, around $5 per square foot per year. And then on the renewal side, we completed 32 leases in the quarter with an average of 6.4 years at a 1.9% average increase and about $1 per square foot per year for the TI portion there. So great quarter, up over 300,000 square foot of leasing. That's on pretty attractive terms.
