James Flaherty: Thanks, John, and welcome to HCP's 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning are Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen. Let us begin with a review of our first quarter release of this morning. And for that, I turn the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: Yes, that's great. I would say we're in a funny period right now. And probably, it's most analogous to the 6 months that existed prior to the passage of health care reform. And, Adam and Bryan, if you recall, for those 6 months, the fourth quarter of 2009 and the first quarter of 2010, we saw a complete absence of acquisition activity. And then with the March 2010 passage of health care reform, it was as if -- almost as if a whistle blew to start the football game. And what a game it was, with the ensuing 12 months of transaction volumes exceeding the prior 3 years combined. Fast-forward to now. You have the likely June 2012 Supreme Court ruling on the validity of the health care reform bill. You've got the sequestration at year end, which is likely to give rise to the mother of all lame-duck sessions. You've got pending CMS reimbursement rulings. You've got the November Presidential election. And if that's not enough, you've got the European economy largely in a recession at this point, continued Middle East tension and a subpar U.S. economic recovery. In anticipation of this very significant ramp in transaction activity, I don't it's any real mystery as to what we've been doing. We've simplified and strengthened our balance sheet. We've repriced our $1.5 billion revolver on very favorable terms, we've banked some excess cash, and we've made sure, that for our existing portfolio, all the trains are running on time so that have minimal distractions going forward. So that's how I'd -- that's the observation I think I'd make, Adam. 
James Flaherty: Again, I think, if you -- understanding our 5x5 model the way you guys do, which is to say that while there may be 25 hypothetical areas for us to focus on, there really are less than half that. The interesting thing right now is that we've got very significant dialogue across each of those 10 or 11 target areas. So it certainly includes the ones that you've indicated, but it's broad-based. And in my experience, Paul's experience, the best leading indicator, if you will, as to what sort of acquisition volumes you end up closing at a given point in time is absolutely the quality and the intensity and the breadth of the dialogue. And that's quite strong right now. 
James Flaherty: Yes, I think I'd just reiterate, Derek, my earlier comment that within the context of our 5x5 model, we've got extremely active dialogue right now. 
James Flaherty: Derek, if you go back to the high-water mark of that portfolio, which I guess would have been about 3 years ago, I think at one point, those margins touched 42%. So again, this is -- we're pleased with -- we're early days still. We've only got, I guess, 2 quarters in the books, but we're pleased with the performance of that portfolio, with what Brookdale is doing there and very much validates our approach on that particular portfolio, to use -- to move away from a triple net structure and use RIDEA there. 
James Flaherty: No, the 1.57, Jorel, is a 12-month. We had disclosed on the -- so that's a 12-month. Fourth quarter was the first quarter of the roll down in the RUGs-IV benefit. 
James Flaherty: But Paul said that the first quarter of 2012, which is actually the second quarter of activity without the RUGs-IV benefit, is consistent with the fourth quarter. 
James Flaherty: We -- what we just said, it's consistent. So we typically show our quarterly coverages in our triple net lease portfolio on a trailing quarter basis. 
James Flaherty: Yes, sure. Let me take the second question first. The buyer of that MOB was actually the hospital system. So as is often the case, we've talked about this in the past, with the advent of increasing technology, medical office buildings, which maybe 5, 6, 7, 8 years ago, were primarily used for office visits. With the technology advances, you're now seeing noninvasive kind of procedures that don't require a stay in hospital, moving into the medical office building portfolio. So this hospital had a strategic interest in acquiring that, and that's what happened. So that's -- I think that's one of the benefits of having on-campus medical office buildings, quite frankly. With respect to your first question, in terms of the acquisition activity, again, the dialogue we have within our 5x5 model now is -- relates to very, very specific transaction opportunities. And so they certainly include some of the ones that you've alluded to. 
James Flaherty: The fourth quarter of 2012 was the first quarter of a lot of the reductions in cost structure they put in place. But you've also got some kind of normal, at least normal for HCR, kind of fourth quarter true-up things relating to insurance reserves and things like that. 
James Flaherty: We can provide it if you want. I'm not sure that, that would be terribly relevant because I think you'll see HCR performance continuing to improve as they fully have now transitioned to the new environment. And so, you can do anything you want with numbers, but I think their core business platform is performing nicely. But more importantly, from our standpoint, it's gaining momentum. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think we're big proponents of the memory care. In fact we've funded a number of expansions or redevelopments, if you will, of our existing independent living and senior housing, to position our portfolio for that. In fact, that was one of the key reasons we went with Brookdale on the RIDEA joint venture we have. That was a central thought there in terms of the, a, the opportunity, but more importantly, Brookdale's ancillary revenue platform. So that's absolutely a trend that we like, a trend that we've taken advantage of, and a trend that we anticipate will continue going forward. I don't think we're in the camp where we would want to develop our own standalone memory care properties, Jeff. I think we view that as again, part of a continuum within either an actual CCRC sort of setting or effectively, a virtual CCRC setting when you've got operators that are in the process of putting critical mass into local markets. Now with respect to the second part of your question, which was development. Realize that we've got about a 5 or a 6 community development program right now that we talked about, Paul talked about in some length on last call. That is going well. It's -- we're ahead of where we thought we'd be. But I think we're going to be very moderate and disciplined in terms of ramping that up. I could see us continuing to grow that, but I don't think you should expect that to be doubling or tripling in terms of the shareholder capital that we deployed at that opportunity. 
James Flaherty: There's some new supply, but it's minimal. I mean I think one of the things we benefit from is it's still, the construction financing made available by the banks, it's still quite minimal. My guess is if you start to continue to see some improvement in the U.S. economy, I think that will probably increase a little bit, at which point, you could see some additional supply. But for now, we're in a nice spot given our cost of capital advantage and our ability to deploy that with the sort of programs that we've got going right now. 
James Flaherty: I don't really view them as concerns. I view them as catalysts for some opportunities. I think our stepping off point is that the portfolio that we have constructed right now is, if not bulletproof, extremely well protected, to whatever might come our way. If you're at 3.5% to 4% Same Property Performance, cash, for this year, next year, the year after, and you lever that 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity, that gets you to plus or minus 6% of FAD growth, with not a lot of things that are going to go bump in the night. So that's our starting off point, which was the last part of my comment, that right now, in addition to the moves that Tim and Matt have made with respect to the balance sheet and the revolver, Paul's got the portfolio really humming, which is nice because we don't have to spend time allocating resources, time resources to things that aren't humming along. So that's very good. So I think that's the most important part from HCP shareholders' standpoint. I think going forward, I think a lot of the stuff is more -- not that there's going to be necessarily a good result or a bad result, but it'll just be, the uncertainty will clear. And that's why I made the analogy to the March 2010 passage of the health care reform. A lot of the deals that ensued for the next 12 months, the economics didn't necessarily change a whole lot because of health care reform. It was just that the uncertainty was removed. And I think that's a little bit of what's going on with that. I would say the most -- absolutely, the most important of the issues that I flag there is the pace of the U.S. economy. And then related to that, the U.S. housing market and the unemployment. I think those are the 3 things that we watch the most. 
James Flaherty: No, I think you should view that portfolio as not stabilized right now. Remember, we're affecting, with our operating partner, Brookdale, a fair amount of change there. We're repositioning some of those communities. We're expanding some of those communities. We're putting some memory care in some of those communities. So we're putting -- like in Houston, we're doing a very large dining upgrade. So I think, notwithstanding that, we've had a nice move on rates and the margin is what it is. So again, this completely validates our thought process there to -- that we would have a better economic return for our shareholders by positioning that with a quality partner like Brookdale in a RIDEA format, as a triple net. That'll continue to perform well and increase its performance over the next 12 months. 
James Flaherty: I think the better thing will be to look out 12 months and then look back and -- I think we -- remember, when we bought the joint venture out, I believe, we talked about the fact that while we had bought it with -- at a cap rate of 7.7% in terms of trailing 12 months in-place income, we felt that with what Brookdale could do with their model over an 18- to 24-month timeframe, that you could see that adjusted cap rate reset from 7.7% up to 9%. And we still feel good about that opportunity, Dan. 
James Flaherty: I'm just thinking your question. You defined the question in terms of risk. If you want to know what the lowest risk piece of our economic business model is, it's probably on-campus medical office buildings where the hospital is the #1 or #2 market share hospital system in a growing area. But that's just, that was -- from our standpoint, we wouldn't stop there. That would be an important input, but the opportunity to increase cash flow once a property or portfolio of properties is acquired, the valuation, there's a whole lot of other elements that go into that decision to pull the trigger. 
James Flaherty: Valuation, condition, i.e. fiscal obsolescence, CapEx obsolescence of the portfolio that we're acquiring, quality of the counter party, both from the standpoint of -- you've heard me talk forever about, we want to have counter parties that have 3 criteria: quality outcomes, efficient operations and critical mass. So those are the whole -- it's kind of a -- it's a large algorithm that comes into play. 
James Flaherty: I think life science located in one of the 4 or 5 concentrations that are the recipients of the NIH grants is how I'd start that discussion. However, then you have to get and look at the characterization of the tenants. Are they more VC-backed private companies that are working 1 or 2 drugs through a Phase I, Phase II, Phase III ultimately FDA approval process? That would have a lot of risk associated with it. Or are they very substantial companies like Amgen, like Genentech, like Takeda, like Pfizer, like Google, like LinkedIn, sorry. That would have a different element to it. And then I think you really need to think about -- this isn't going to impact anything in terms of 2012, 2013. And we could have blinders on because we're sitting out here in the, what used to be known as the Golden State. But if the U.S., over the next several years, if because of fiscal policy, monetary policy, the U.S. economy as a whole begins to look like California, then I think we need to be cognizant of the country losing its leading position in life science expertise. I think you folks have probably seen the net move-outs versus move-ins in the state of California. There was a piece over the weekend that now even indicated that we've got the reverse migration out to Mexico, which is a huge sea change for the last couple of years. So if a lot of those things continue to not be addressed by Washington and, effectively, the can is kicked down the road, at some point, there's going to be an impairment, I think, in the nation's global leadership position in life science. So that's something that we watch. Again, that's not going to change overnight, but I think we've got to be thinking about that. 
James Flaherty: Well, we'll certainly take it under advisement. They're just not -- as you know, there's not a lot moving around. But we like to give guidance on our company's results. We think it's a little inappropriate for us to be giving guidance on another company's results, particularly when they have their own strategic plan that they're... 
James Flaherty: Again, Quentin, I think we take a look at everything that's moving around. Some of that is with an eye of potentially making some investments, some of it is with an eye towards getting up to speed and learning about different markets. So that's just a constant -- that's a constant part of our -- of Paul's team's acquisition thought process. And it doesn't go up or go down because things are slow or not slow. As I mentioned, dialogue-wise, things are quite active right now so -- but that's certainly in the mix. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think you've got a couple things going on there. Most of that savings was coming off our sustainability initiative that Tom Klaritch has done a great job on. By the way, as an aside, I'd congratulate NAREIT. They've really kind of set the bar out there in terms of establishing metrics and working with Washington and things like that to make this very important initiative, to incorporate that into all of its member companies. But a big chunk of that was the sustainability. There was a little bit of seasonality in there. But we've had now, for several quarters, thanks to Tom Klaritch and his team, very nice gains relative to cost savings, energy savings because of that sustainability commitment that HCP is [indiscernible]. 
James Flaherty: We think about that as part of our calculus. Our stepping-off point, though, is that the economics have to clear the bar if -- for a 100%-owned portfolio. There were some companies in some other sectors that got a little sideways back 3 or 4 years ago when they were moving forward on acquisitions, joint venture format, that they really needed the extra juice from the joint venture in order to make the math work. So from our standpoint, we would certainly consider that. We have, we obviously have a very meaningful platform in that regard. But the extra juice would be gravy on top for our shareholders who wouldn't use that to justify doing a JV. 
James Flaherty: Yes, well I think, not only is that an interesting question, but you qualified it the right way. Forget about what they're saying. Look at what they're doing. I think it was Google or Apple, someone just made a very significant decision to put a number of its employees down in Austin, Texas. So 1 or 2 decisions does not a trend make, but I think the state of California, and going forward, I think the country as well, need to kind of keep an eye on that. So it's early days. We're watching it. Again, from our standpoint, it really -- it doesn't impact our existing portfolio, given the quality of the tenants we have in our life science portfolio and the fact that we're at approximately 90% occupancy with very long-dated leases, very little lease roll, and we're a grand total, I think, of 750,000 square feet of leasing from taking the entire portfolio, 100% leased. So it's really -- it really impacts, Todd, more of our thinking in terms of whether we want to go bigger or not into the space. And that's the context in which I presented that. 
James Flaherty: Yes. We continue to talk to tenants in those buildings all the time. It's about 1/3 pre-leased, and we continue to have discussions. We like the size of that project. It's the reason we brought that project into the portfolio. It gives us 30,000 to 60,000 square foot, an opportunity to get the 30,000 to 60,000 square-foot tenants within our portfolio. And we didn't have that opportunity before. So it's pretty binary. We get another tenant, and that project will fill up fairly quickly. 
James Flaherty: Well, we can certainly, with a fair amount of precision, calibrate our internal and organic growth. The external growth is, as you know, we don't forecast that. But beginning this year, we have talked about an overall same property cash performance of plus or minus 3.5%. Now in fact we're trending above that. But again, if you go with, at 3.5% and you take our balance sheet metrics, which are 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity, that generates 5.5% to 6% FAD organic growth for this year, for next year and for 2014. The reason we've got the ability to go out with that sort of visibility in terms of length of visibility and precision is that the existing portfolio is largely contractual relationships with high-quality, credit-worthy counter-parties that has next to nothing in the way of any lease roll, and we've got minimal and manageable debt maturity. So when you put it all together, it's a relatively straightforward process to look at the organic FAD growth per share for each of the next 3 years including 2012. Now again, externally, I think I've made some comments at the beginning here as to what we're seeing and why we're seeing what we're seeing. So that'll be the wildcard. I think you should read into the fact that we wouldn't have taken the steps we've taken with respect to strengthening our balance sheet, banking some cash, reducing the line, the economics in terms of our revolving line of credit, were we not to anticipate a significant amount of ramp in the external acquisition, but that's just not something that we predict. 
James Flaherty: Yes. That's actually a very good question. And the makeup of that 5.5% to 6% FAD growth per year for this year, next year and the following year is just a stabilized portfolio, okay? On top of that, which we do not include in the organic growth rate, so this is further juice for the shareholders, is the fact that we've got 94% of our portfolio stabilized. So that 94% is producing that economic return I just discussed, the 5.5% to 6%. However, we've got 6% of the portfolio, and when you have a portfolio the size of ours, that's $1.1 billion, that is currently yielding about 3%. So we've got 94% of the portfolio yielding approximately 8%, and 6% yielding 3%. You can do the math as well as anybody else, but if you move that other 6% from 3% up to 8%, you've got an enormous increase in cash flow. Now we're working on that hard, but we don't predict when that drops. But just to give you a flavor for some of the assets that are in that 6%, that would include our land holdings down in San Diego County. It would include our land holdings up in South San Francisco, most notably The Cove that we bought from Genentech last year. It would include our equity ownership interest in Brookdale and HCR and it would include the remaining balance on our Cirrus loan that Paul had given you an update on. So all that, all those things, which again, is 6% of the company, but more importantly, $1.1 billion of value, when they stabilize, would be additive to that 5.5% to 6%. So really, when you think about growth drivers for HCP, and we'll be giving some little more precision on this as the year evolves, you've really got 3 growth drivers. You've got the stabilized organic portfolio. You've got the non-stabilized portfolio that people are working quite hard on ramping that up. And then you've got external acquisitions. So it's a nice combination of growth levers. We're only out there talking about the first bucket. So if and when the second and the third buckets drop, you can rest assured we'll be talking about that as well. 
James Flaherty: 1.64x. And if you were to take a look and take a snapshot of that portfolio and look at metrics like quality mix, margin and things like that, they would all be significantly higher than the large portfolio that we sold back in '06, so you draw a box around that. Then you move to HCR, and there you've got another standard deviation or 2 move up both in terms of quality mix and in terms of margin, because they've really distinguished themselves as the leader in that space. So you had asked the question over the timeframe in the last couple of years. If you asked your question that way, I think I'd point you in the direction of our, what we call our legacy portfolio, realizing that the HCR portfolio didn't come in to our company as an owned portfolio until April of last year. 
James Flaherty: I'm not sure it's system-by-system. If you're talking about a portfolio or the sector that would be most consistent with what we sold, I would tell you that, that business is not going to go away. Recall that, that's funded largely by the state. So you need to be very careful in terms of how the various states' budget deficit and surplus situation is and is likely to be. And then if in fact there's this big -- if you get something that starts to look like what Paul Ryan is talking about, a lot of that, forget about reimbursement and stuff like that. A lot of that is a shift from the federal government to the state government. So I think you need to think about that. But I would say that the institutionalized Medicaid, preponderance of Medicaid revenue, skilled nursing business is a business that's not going away. It's going to be a low margin business. And with the right capital structure and with the right operators, that's a legitimate business. I don't think that's going to go away. 
James Flaherty: We never, as you know, Karin, we never comment on speculative deals, things like that. We confine our comments to deals that we've closed or signed.  Okay, everyone. I thank you for your time, and thank you for your continued interest in HCP. Take care. Have a good day. 
Timothy Schoen: Actually, it would be -- I'm sorry, for life science, it would be closer to 3%. For the entire portfolio, on a normalized basis, it would be around 3%. 
Timothy Schoen: In terms of what's maturing. So that's a very small number for the next couple of years. It's actually $11 million, $12 million over the next couple of years. 
Timothy Schoen: Sure. In terms of segments, it's actually similar to what I gave in my February 2012 guidance. To give you a shorter answer, the 2 areas that are up are senior housing portfolio and our life science portfolio, and both of those are up in the order of magnitude, 20 to 30 basis points, from the last February guidance. 
Timothy Schoen: Assuming you have the land entitled like we do, you're talking, depending on the build out, 18 months for a device-type use and 24 months up to a more intensive biology or chemistry use. That'll hopefully couch it for you. 
Timothy Schoen: No. We had a big renewal that was flat, and it's really just one tenant that was driving that within our portfolio out of Hayward that's driving that negative mark-to-market. It's only about 30,000 feet. It's just a small [indiscernible], sort of a small denominator problem. 
