Lauralee Martin: Thank you, John, and welcome to HCP's 2013 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning, in addition to John Lu, Investor Relations, are Chief Investment Officer Paul Gallagher; and Chief Financial Officer Tim Schoen. We will begin with a review of the results announced earlier today, and for that, I turn the call over to Tim. 
Lauralee Martin: Thank you, Paul. And let me apologize in advance for a very raspy voice this morning, the remaining symptom of a weekend cold. I'm hopeful my dialogue with you this morning will not overtax my recovering voice strength. As highlighted by Tim and Paul, we closed out 2013 with solid financial results, demonstrated by significant year-over-year growth in both FFO and FAD per share. These results came from a strong performance from our operating portfolio, a number of onetime profit items, which Tim covered in detail, and the benefits of our 2012 and 2013 investments. As we enter 2014, we find ourselves providing relatively flat year-over-year financial guidance, the result of the strong 2013 onetime profit items impacting the year-over-year comparisons, but also due to the limited investment activity in the second half of last year. Several reasons account for our second half investment pause, including the Federal Reserve's May interest rate comments that put a pause on overall market transactions; the intense effort and commitment of resources we put into the pursuit of the acquisition of the Barchester real estate portfolio; and our management transition in the fourth quarter.  I can assure you we are very focused on delivering consistent long-term growth performance and are already taking actions. What are we doing to increase investment activity? We have recently visited the majority of our key operators to discuss with them changes to their strategies arising from health care reform and how we can provide capital to support their success. Operators across the entire health care spectrum from acute care hospitals to senior housing companies are being challenged to deliver quality care at more affordable prices, which is prompting them to assess strategic and capital investment priorities. We are already seeing business combinations and strategic alliances among operators as they create more efficient integrated delivery models. While the rapid changes in today's health care marketplace have introduced an element of uncertainty, we believe the opportunities for HCP as a leading real estate owner and capital provider are even greater.  For example, our significant national medical office building portfolio being primarily on campus or affiliated with the major hospital systems gives us a constant communication touch point into most major hospital systems at the C-suite level. As hospital CEOs wrestle strategically with the transition actions required to move from a fee-for-service model to an integrated delivery model tied to bundle payments, we are a part of the discussions.  These conversations offer the best opportunity for both bid and off-market transactions. As validation of this potential, in 2012, 87% of our $2.4 billion of acquisitions arose from strategic discussions with our existing relationships.  We are adding to our asset management capabilities to allow our seasoned P&L leaders to focus more on acquisitions, and also adding investment professionals to several key areas, most notably medical office. Our relationships with intermediaries and our reputation for capital strength and responsive underwriting ensures we see and are active in the bid process for the larger marketed transactions. We have revisited the European marketplace, leveraging off of our Barchester and Four Seasons experience. In visiting the markets, I found our reputation is one of a knowledgeable and respected health care capital source, with solid relationships with both operators and investors. The market has a need for investment capital, and our underwriting continues to validate that the U.K. offers attractive investment potential, particularly in the care home space.  With all of these actions, we are actively looking at transactions across all our product categories, using both equity and debt investment structures. Consistent with the past, we do not comment on pipeline or deal specifics until transactions are completed.  So in conclusion, in addition to pursuing new investment opportunities both in the U.S. and abroad, we will be working our existing portfolio to continue its strong performance, maximizing our development pipeline for new opportunities, as well as seeking monetization of existing investments.  We are focused on being the leading organization in the health care real estate space, leading being measured by doing smart, accretive investments on a risk-adjusted basis, delivering top performance for our shareholders and in remaining an S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrat. Thank you for your support, and we look forward to performing for you in 2014.  Operator, we are now ready for your questions. 
Lauralee Martin: I would say the biggest thing that has changed is that the marketplace has adjusted that whatever the Fed's actions are, it will be readily absorbed. And therefore, there is not a concern that they need to stop their activity to determine what to do in that period of uncertainty. So I think the marketplace is getting on with what they do quite well, and that is trade assets and grow assets and we're in the middle of that. So we feel comfortable with our cost of capital relative to what's going on in the marketplace. It still is a competitive marketplace, but we feel comfortable in the middle of it. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, I think the interesting thing is if you have a conversation with 5 CEOs, you would get 5 different answers. That being said, you are seeing that actions are being taken, whether there's hospitals that are merging, whether they're figuring out how to get a very focused footprint where they want to be, knowing that it is going to be about the patient, delivering the highest-quality care at the lowest quality -- the lowest cost price. And so again, that medical office portfolio, which is how they've early on started to deliver into that, becomes a very critical factor. 
Lauralee Martin: There's a number of questions in there, so let me see if I can kind of check those off. Let's first of all talk about the people that we have, the talent that we have and what their focus will be. I mean, one of the things that I think comes through very clearly is how the portfolio is performing in a very solid operating way, which means that we do have the capacity to reprioritize our P&L leaders much more into acquisition mode and not put anything at risk. So that has already commenced. So that's a reprioritization. In terms of additions, they're modest, and I wouldn't build anything greatly into the cost structure -- Tim already gave you guidance. 
Lauralee Martin: It reflects that. And what I would say about the people in general, we've had the relationships. It's a question of who had the green light to pursue them for acquisition. And so I think the enthusiasm to do what our talent is capable of doing and be in acquisition mode is being extremely well received. So that would be the sort of core business. Relative to Europe, I think you've seen we've focused very much on risk-adjusted approach to a new marketplace, to learn it in places we're not as comfortable that we don't know it well enough to be in the equity position, to be in a debt position so that there's equity behind us, selecting very carefully who our operators are, who's going to be winners in the space. What we do know is that, that marketplace has continued to perform quite well. Its difficulties were really created by financial engineering, not market issues. And so as those financial situations need to be corrected, new capital is what does that. So we believe we can be in that market with accretive risk-adjusted positions. They may be equity, they may be debt, but it's a marketplace that we well approach it with care. We will talk with you as we go, but we do think there's opportunity. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, we have not had those conversations, and at the moment are not planning to. We do have ongoing conversations with HCR on how we increase the coverage on the portfolio, particularly where they have assets where they actually are a cost to them to keep them and whether or not they should exit those assets in order to improve both their profits and our coverage. But no conversations relative to what you're referencing. 
Lauralee Martin: I think I referenced that we think we have opportunities across all of the property types because one of the things about health care reform is it focuses on the continuum of care, which really makes you think about the flow of your assets as the patient is involved in them. So our discussions with those that are delivering that care is how they need to either build out that continuum of care, so they stay the premier provider, or what other investment activities they need to take in order to reposition their portfolios. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, thanks for everybody who's joined the call. As I said before, we thank you for your support, and we very much look forward to performing for you in 2014. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, Nick, it's Paul Gallagher. We actually saw a tremendous amount of volume in the fourth quarter, tremendous amount of leasing, and we saw rents improve. Vacancy has -- available space has been taken up. And we're in the process of finalizing our entitlements on The Cove land that we own. So we think that our timing is good on the entitlements there and with what's going on with respect to available space in South San Francisco. 
Paul Gallagher: I wouldn't hazard a guess. I think we've always looked at having some level of pre-leasing before we want to kick off any development, but vacancies are extremely tight and have been probably it's -- probably not starting for at least another 18 to 24 months, I would suspect. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think that, Tayo, what you saw there was on the -- as reported, the majority of that came from GL/PL reserves coming off. If you look at the normalized, it was down 3 basis points as we mentioned.  2 of that, 2 basis points was a result of lower EBITDAR based on the items that we discussed, and 1 basis point was based on rent steps. So like we mentioned in the last quarter, HCR, they benefited for the first time -- benefited from a first rate increase in 2013 that was not offset by sequestration or other provider therapy cuts since the implementation of RUGs-IV. We talked about the hospital volumes and the shift from Medicare to Medicare Advantage. That's had an impact and a heavy impact on EBITDAR in this particular quarter. But on the positive side, all the business segments are projected to be positive this year. The rate increases should be maintained throughout the year. And the cost savings initiatives that were started in the fourth quarter should be realized over the remainder of the fourth quarter. And as we said, we think that the majority of the positive impact will present itself in the third and fourth quarter of 2014. So we see them continuing on kind of status quo until about the second half of this year. 
Paul Gallagher: The answer is yes, the coverage was 0.66, and they've been impacted by the RUGS-IV, this being very old SNFs that are not strategic for Kindred, and we worked together to find a way to, for the both of us, to exit those particular assets and focus on their strategic markets. 
Paul Gallagher: The levers are things that they have done in the past with respect to both taking some of the beds offline, yes, and also with respect to overhead, kind of rightsizing the business based on kind of what the reimbursement scenario is going to look like on a going-forward basis. 
Paul Gallagher: It's implementation over the course of the year and getting the full year impact. You're going to see the majority of that pop happen most likely in the third and fourth quarter of '14. 
Paul Gallagher: They're spending capital on the assets. They have free cash -- positive cash flow. They're actually, for what they have been through in the past 2 years, in very good position, and we don't see pressure on them from a payment of rent standpoint. 
Paul Gallagher: Well, I think from the doc fix, like you said, they've kicked the can down the road for a short period of time. It's our sense that the focus was indicated that it might be impacted on the pay for more with LTACHs. And also we think that there's going to be some deference made to, say, neutral-type payments, which would benefit low-cost providers like HCR ManorCare. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I would characterize them as fairly flat for the first couple of quarters of '14, and then you'll see it pick up towards the latter half of '14. 
Paul Gallagher: You had sequestration in April. You had occupancy issues in the third quarter. You're going to see the effect of a rate bump and these cost savings initiatives. That'll happen third and fourth quarter of '14. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, especially since you're dealing with new construction, whereas it's going to take 24 to 36 months for a lot of this stuff to kind of come online and then lease up. If I could take advantage of a good-quality asset in good markets where I've got barriers of entry and I can invest some capital and get an outsize risk-adjusted return, I'd be more than happy to do that kind of transaction. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Michael, I'll take that. As I walked through on my comments, it's actually 3.3% growth from an FAD perspective, and that's being offset by a couple of things. That's being offset by the fact that we're going to spend a little bit more in terms of CapEx as we ramp up occupancy in our life science and medical office portfolio. And then also it's being offset by the sale of the Kindred portfolio that Paul just discussed that had a higher yield on it. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. A lot of noise in '13, but we had guided last year at $85 million, so not quite that much of a [indiscernible]... 
Timothy Schoen: That was a result -- there's some seasonality in there, Jeff, but it's -- primarily, it's changes in our RIDEA portfolio and our Sunrise assets. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, I can get you more detail depending on which quarters you want to compare it to. That's a pretty detailed question depending if you're comparing the second quarter to third quarter or third quarter to the fourth quarter. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, hey, Jeff, if you're talking about year-over-year from '13 to '12, it's really driven by our rent steps, 2.3%, and our transitioned assets that were transitioned away from Sunrise and then our RIDEA portfolio. Those are the 3 components in terms of order of magnitude that drive same-store growth for senior housing. 
Timothy Schoen: No, it depends on the time. But right now, the only one set we believe will be executed are the Brookdale purchase options. 
Timothy Schoen: And I think the portfolio that you're talking about, Jeff, from the heat map, was our -- was one of our senior housing operators that had a renewal of all or none on a pool of assets. So those have been combined into one data point, if you will, on the heat map since it's an all-or-none renewal on a group of assets. That's why you have that change. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, particularly with the fact that they'll have -- as Paul mentioned, they're projected to have growth across their entire portfolio. They've come through a very difficult reimbursement environment over the last 2 years, and they finally got some relief from that in October. 
Timothy Schoen: And expect to see growth across not only their post-acute aspect of their portfolio but also their assisted living and continued growth in their home health and hospice business. So as Paul mentioned, positive growth across all 3 major components of their business in 2014. 
Timothy Schoen: A couple of things. First, let me talk a little bit about the impact on our RIDEA assets and then on our triple net. The majority of our RIDEA assets are independent living, and the NIC data still shows a large gap between starts and absorption, 1.2% versus 1.8%. Our biggest concentration of RIDEA is in Houston where we expect absorption to exceed inventory by 200 basis points. And we spent a lot of money on that whole portfolio. So we've seen fourth quarter sequential occupancy growth about 170 basis points. On the triple-net side, our 3 biggest concentrations are in Washington, New York and Chicago, and we're seeing supply remaining low, between 0.6% and 1.6%. Construction is also low relative to that supply. Revenues are growing. I think from our standpoint, we remain looking at RIDEA assets as opportunistic where there is an occupancy rate or a repositioning-type play, preferably where there is a significant upside and we get a risk-adjusted return. We think that if you buy good assets in good-info locations, and good quality, and allocate capital to reposition them, that there's still a play for RIDEA assets. And at the same time, as long as we can get outsized growth on triple-net-type opportunities, we'll take advantage of those types of structures as well. 
Timothy Schoen: We've got -- we're slightly below our target level of 40%. We're at 30%, and we ended the year at 39%. We run the balance sheet on a 60-40 basis, and we'll continue to do that. In terms of -- with your headwinds and rates, we could -- in terms of rates, the unsecured debt market today is still very attractive relative to the weighted average interest rates that we have in place, Juan. 
Timothy Schoen: It's included in guidance and -- number 1. Number 2, there's $667 million coming due this year. Most of that's in the first quarter. It's not -- so relatively muted in terms of our total debt stack of $8.7 billion or something. 
Jeff Theiler: So the RIDEA portfolio -- what was the growth on the RIDEA portfolio on a same-store [indiscernible]... 
Jeff Theiler: I was just talking about year-over-year, but okay. On the -- so going back to the heat map, which I think is great, by the way. 
Jeff Theiler: Right. Okay. Maybe this will help, too. So looking at the heat map, which is great, a couple -- I'm just trying to identify some of these leases that are no longer in the heat map. There's one for senior housing, it was 0.5% of your AVR. That was about 2.5 years out or so, maybe 3 years out. It's down from this version versus last quarter. Can you tell me what happened to that lease? I'm just trying to identify it. 
