John Thomas: Yes, it’s a great question. I think the deals we announced in the first part of the year is 7.35%, Juan, as you recall, we always report kind of first year cash yield that we expect. I think overall though, for the year, it’s for us, it’s going to continue to tie in a little bit for the factors that you mentioned kind of moving up the quality scale and bigger markets, bigger buildings. So, probably 6.5% to 7%, we historically said 6.5% to 7.5%. We still see some higher yielding opportunities, but I think that overall average is going to move down to that blended number of 6.5% to 7%. 
John Thomas: You know, I mean, call it the big guys, the big three and others is kind of out of the market, but there is still plenty of private equity and plenty of data out there. So, while the players have changed a little bit over the last 18 months, there is still plenty of competition for the building. So, I would say they have stabilized. There is less competition or less buyers, but there is also plenty of buyers and plenty of liquidity and just the defensive nature people recognizing that had really attracted a lot more capital from many sources. 
John Thomas: I think, again, to be clear, it’s 90% on-campus or anchored by a health system, but we are just very focused on kind of the larger physician groups and the larger health systems and big part of my comments and quote and clear my presentation was, hospitals are looking for the most strategic opportunity and physician groups are looking most strategic locations of their facilities and that’s not always on-campus and reimbursement and payers are recognizing that as well, and frankly trying to incent the care to be provided in lower cost settings whether that be on or off-campus. So, I think it just continues to be a nice blend of both and the IMS portfolio which I highlighted and we closed on last – third quarter last year, three of those were big on-campus buildings but one was off-campus in a very strategic location but anchored by that health system in a – or excuse me, anchored by the IMS group in a large surgery center that’s tied to be Brazo health system out there, so. 
John Thomas: Pretty limited. We could close on the Great Fall Surgical Center in the first quarter earlier this year. That – as I look at over the year, that maybe the only one we did this year. So you could – you may see one or two, but we are very focused on these pure play medical office buildings. 
John Thomas: Yes, so we – with our offering and we announced about less than $215 million of acquisitions on our contract or letters of intent and we tend to kind of maintain that kind of bucket. So, I think we are looking the second and third quarter opportunities right now and we expect to close on just about everything we announced earlier this year. So, pipeline continues to be robust and last opportunities to pick and choose from. 
John Thomas: And I’d say $20 million to $30 buildings, but, not a lot of – we tend to grow one building, two buildings at a time and that’s what sellers tend to own. So, that’s where we focus. 
John Thomas: Yes, we always – I know that’s not what you want to hear, but 100% of everything we’ve done this year with off-market. So, we tend to not have a lot of competition, most of the buildings that we are acquiring. But the landscape has changed. Two years ago, we saw, when we did see somebody with the non-listed REITs more often the non, last year, and I’d say this year, it’s been more private equity-driven investors than anything else. So, we tend to bump in our other – our pure play peers and try to distinguish ourselves on service and hopefully get a better price than they do, but they win their fair share as well. So, we are not seeing the big three really at all, and frankly, rarely have bumped into them in our life of this company. 
John Thomas: No, I think so, I mean, I think, first quarter the deals we’ve announced so far reflects that and again, with – the off-market nature of that, but, I think the things in our near-term pipeline, I think the cap rate is better than it was a year ago. But, our blended average is coming down kind of our historic norms just because of the ability to access more newer bigger anchored health system buildings, so.
John Thomas: I think, it’s a factor to consider. So, the on-campus buildings that have vacancy, again, if it’s got vacancy there is some incentive to – for the hospitals to look at that space versus going off-campus. And as I said, I mean, we are having this conversation with our client, he is the Chief Medical Officer of the hospital system and he said, it’s really not driving their ultimate decision-making, it’s ultimately patient access and convenience and they found that they have lost patients by trying to push them into an HOPD reimbursement model in the past. So, we tend to listen to our clients and then, kind of follow where they think was the best location for the services.
John Thomas: It would be - in the physician groups, we get financials for the larger groups, but a lot of the smaller onesie twosie physicians, they are not audited or anything like that. The bigger groups tend to be, but, I mean, it would be 5 to 10 kind of on a blended across the platform, Craig. So it’s very strong – really across, I know, one group we always talk about a lot has almost 50 times coverage. So that’s kind of – these numbers get a little irrational or a little pricy at times, but and that’s the benefit of these private pay kind of MOB investment model which is – seems to 5% to 6% of their kind of the overhead, the rent and that should get these large drivers of coverage. 
John Thomas: Yes, it’s – we had that conversation with most of our seller – particularly with some private physician group or a private developer. The – so, you will continue to see it a handful. It’s been kind of a strategic advantage for us. Most of the big three don’t use it as a tool very often and the non-listed REITs, to my knowledge, I have always seen it happen once or twice. So it’s been fairly limited. So, you will continue to see some, but right now, we are really trying to add people to our cash purchase. 
John Thomas: Yes, we see opportunity, but we are pretty stingy about where we do those loans as we are not out shopping for paper. It’s really a structuring tool and particularly with developers who are either in the process of structuring or kind of post-construction and they are wanting to continue to hold the asset, but we had some kind of hope into it long-term when they do a recap. So, see some opportunities out there, the hospital anchored development is – I’d say picking up and when they are using private developers for that, most of the national ones we have great relationships with. We have opportunities to get involved in that on a limited basis, but usually through the mezzanine loan structure and some kind of optionality when there is been a stability if we are interested in buying at that time, so. 
John Thomas: It’s hard to say it’s been a change, but it’s just certainly a factor that we consider. I mentioned in my comments, we have a number of 603 assets in our pipeline and in a couple of the cases I am referencing there is also CON type of the building. So, an off-campus where the hospital essentially can’t move, because that are CON and they can’t move or reluctant to move out of that building because they are getting that higher HOPD reimbursement that’s grandfather tends to be pretty attractive us. It’s a very sticky building, very sticky tenant providing outpatient services which is going to continue to drive the healthcare dollars. So, I would – I’d say it’s a factor we consider, but it’s – I don’t think it’s changed kind of ultimately what we are looking for which is great health system in large physician group anchored building. That said, if it’s on-campus building and it’s got some vacancy there is certainly an enhancement to kind of more opportunity to lease that vacant space with the hospital now being forced to consider HOPD reimbursement only being available feature on-campus facility, so, helpful, but I wouldn’t say change, it’s just a factor and we are talking to every hospital that we talk to, or a physician group that’s working with hospitals around and trying to get a good handle on who is taking advantage of HOPD and who is not the higher reimbursement. 
John Thomas: Yes, there has not been. The AHA is working hard to at a minimum, expand the grandfathering to projects that are under development. But, I think if the AHA had it’s brothers that would just repeal the section altogether and – but there hasn’t been any real clarification around them. The law is pretty clear written, but as you mentioned it’s - it will be up to CMS to define further define what’s eligible to be grandfather and whether or not you can actually move that status. Historically, sometimes you can and sometimes you can’t, again we are taking that into consideration, but and keeping our eye on – out for clarifications. 
John Thomas: Yes, we’ve got pretty good transparency on that in our investor presentation. If you look at that, it’s probably the best way to answer your question, the one-on-one line.
John Thomas: Well, we joke that Deeni and John Sweet now carry a tape measure around what this see if it’s within 250 yards of the hospital, but, it’s – I applied full ball out here, but pretty good feel for how long 100 yards is and can be able to buy. [Multiple Speakers] I mean, smart, but I guess, the on-campus buildings that they have vacancy, it’s just creates one more opportunity for leasing the space, so. 
John Thomas: If you look at just the on-campus it’s a little over 50%. Again, I think the more relevant is – I appreciate the question, but we think the more relevant is what’s health system anchored and that number is in the high 70s moving to 90 and that’s kind of how we focus on that definition. So, on the cap rate difference, I mean, it’s hard to say, so many things influence cap rate, but just purely being on-campus or off-campus, again, we tend to buy – when we are buying off-campus its health system or physician group anchored and there lot of capital chasing of that, that there maybe fewer buyers, but there is still plenty of capital chasing of benefits. So, 25 basis points on average, but maybe, but I wouldn’t say there is a big spread from a quality perspective and against the buildings we are buying.
John Thomas: No, we don’t have any plans to – we don’t have any near-term plans to selling, but I think it’s driving through acquisitions and again we’ve got some great relationships with some developers that are – have some good product coming down the line, we think we have the opportunity to acquire those assets as well and those – the development we have our eyes on are health system anchored tend to be a 100% pre-leased before they are ever built. So, to be very clear, we are not funding those developments, but we have some expectations that we’ll have good opportunities to acquire those developments. 
John Thomas: Not expected to – Congress is actually working 111 days this year. So, there is no expectation of any meaningful legislation. There is nothing they have to do this year after the Bipartisan Budget Act. So, fairly minimal chances this year. Tell me who wins the Presidency and I’ll tell you what the chances are next year, so. 
John Thomas: I am not going to answer that question. No to be - in all sincerity, I think, no matter who wins the Presidency, I mean, is the healthcare policy gets tweaked, that will be by anybody, that would be the AHA’s chance to kind of claw some of that back if not all of it.
John Thomas: Vikram, that’s a great question. I think it’s an evolution. So the larger markets, we’ve been fortunate to kind of make a couple of big acquisitions to move into the Minneapolis market than the large transaction on the Phoenix which is already having some – I’ll say some organic growth opportunities coming out of that IMS and the hospital systems relationships we developed out there through that transaction. So, it’s an evolution, but we are not forsaking some of the smaller markets and high coverage and working with great physician groups as well. So, I think it’s – we looked at opportunities across the spectrum and once we are in a market, we tend to have the opportunity to grow more like in Minneapolis, like in Phoenix, Atlanta and Columbus. Columbus, Ohio is a market we continue to find lots of great opportunity and that’s a booming market. But, some of those – some of the opportunities, say in Columbus tend to be in the kind of the surrounding communities as well where there is less competition kind of back to your point about kind of staying in the secondary market. 
John Thomas: I wouldn’t say we are targeting at all. I mean, we are targeting great physician groups and hospital systems and evaluating the market where the building is located. So, as you said it’s lumpy, but we continue to have plenty of opportunity to pick and choose from and some sellers are looking at second and third quarter for some reason and other, we kind of just tend to just manage the deal flow that way. 
John Thomas: Yes, I mean, the whole post – the world obviously feeling a lot of cost pressures right now, I guess, probably the most specific issue in that world. We have three L tags that’d be great. The L tag industry is going through a transition – they’ve been going through it for this year in particular it kind of follow-up impact of the patient criteria legislation and in rules which – and the evolution of that business. So – but, Life Care which is our only tenant in that space is doing fine, but it’s can be a transition year as they move into a new reimbursement scheme. So, I don’t think any of our hospitals, specific hospitals we are working with. We don’t have any concerns with them specifically and obviously, on the big systems, tenant had announced kind of a big loss for the year, but they also announced, it’s part of the subset of that, their outpatient business was very strong. That outpatient business was in large part they are USPI which is great client of ours and we are very pleased with the coverage of our USPI which is now tenant facility. So, Mark, anything else jump out for you? In Atlanta, Northside Hospital that’s one of our bigger client and that market is - continues to grow and expand as that market continues to – or at least they, with a lot of competition, they tend to be aggressively moving into new markets and Northside has several sponsored new developments ongoing right now.
John Thomas: Yes, Dan, the only thing I had to add to that is, two years ago when we started the company, we had $100 million of assets and people tended to be nervous about signing a letter of intent with – in questioning our ability to close, now that we’ve closed an acquisition a week for nearly two years now and we are approaching $2 billion in assets and Jeff’s management of the balance sheet, we don’t have that issue anymore. So, it’s just gave opening – the reputation and the growth is just opening up more and more doors for us and for sellers to be willing to work with us and then, we tend to find those sellers like the large physician groups where we can to build longer relationships and that’s how our quality, so. 
John Thomas: Again it’s hard to answer that question, because, well again, we find opportunities in bigger markets, it’s not like, we draw a line around New York City and say, let’s go spend the next six months there. I mean, we know kind of all markets reasonably well between – again John Sweet and Deeni Taylor and myself and so when we find to get opportunities in the bigger markets with great hospital systems or physician groups, then we focus our efforts and work through process that opportunity. So, we got a little bit in the upper northwest, that’s probably we like to have more scale, once we get into a region. So, we still not own anything in California but we haven’t found anything in value, I mean, in my past life, bought and sold and managed a lot of property in California. We just – if we see things, we just don’t haven’t seen the right kind of value opportunities for us in that market. So – again, in the future or for the near term you are going to continue to see Minneapolis and Columbus Ohio and Phoenix and Atlanta and some of the bigger markets where we already are and just continuing to expand our scale in those markets. 
John Thomas: That – I’ll start with the back, that’s on in place. We do have some color on where we see some growth opportunity there and that’s making even more attractive, but it’s nice on-campus building. The seller, the developer and close friend of the company who is somebody else we’ve done some business with. Deeni, you want to – Deeni Taylor we are asking to address the other question, so.
John Thomas: They were all unencumbered. The one we just talked about – there were some debt on the deal and the lender restructured the debt as part of our transaction. Jeff will give you the numbers, so. 
John Thomas: Well, again we are very excited about the performance of the company in 2015 and very excited about the very nice accretive acquisition pipeline that we have already started capturing this year and have a good feel for another great year in 2016. So we look forward. Thanks for taking your time today and we look forward to the follow-up. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Craig, so unlike, as skilled nursing or other types of – some other types of healthcare asset classes, the rent is a pretty small part of the overall expense structure for a medical office building tenant. 
Jeff Theiler: So, during the quarter, we had 43,000 square feet renew – or excuse me held for renewal and 33,000 of those renewed 78% retention and the ones that renewed were up 2.1%. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes, absolutely, Vikram. Yes, I mean, I think we are currently 15% at the assets now. We’d expect the majority of acquisitions to be funded primarily with debt going forward at least in the near-term. I guess, that always depends on the lumpiness of the acquisitions et cetera and we have the ATM program as well that we could utilize if we thought it was necessary. But, I think – over the year, we would expect to increase that leverage – in fact to a more normalized level and certainly a long-term debt issuance this year is another target of ours. So, we probably would be looking at that, call it mid-year-ish. 
Jeff Theiler: Well, I mean, I think our hurdle rate changes, Dan, to the extent your cost of equity is decreasing with our increasing share price, which it is and along the debt lines, I think we had a pretty good execution there in January of 4.5%. So, as we look at those factors, I mean, certainly, I think our cost to capital is coming down. I mean, the competition, I guess, I’ll let John speak to it, but my view is, some of the higher quality assets really extremely bid before, as you had a bunch of different players going after them, I think there is a little bit lightening up on that side of it. So we see value – a little bit more value there perhaps than we did a year ago as well as seeing value in the assets in the secondary markets that we’ve also historically participated in. 
