Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. We’re pleased to report another successful quarter of operations. Our funds from operations or FFO for the third quarter of 2014 were $2.4 million or $0.06 per diluted share. Normalized FFO, which adds back $2.9 million of acquisition expenses and the $1.8 million one-time shared services amendment payment to Ziegler were $2.7 million or $0.17 per diluted share. Normalized funds available for distribution or FAD, which consists of normalized FFO adjusted for various non-cash items and recurring capital expenditures, including tenant improvement from leasing commissions, were approximately $7 million or $0.17 per diluted share. As previous announced we completed $226 million of acquisitions in the third quarter, including the closing of $114 million of acquisitions on September 30 the last day of the quarter. The fall of the acquisitions that took place in the third quarter, have been completed on the first day of the quarter, our rental revenues would have increased by an additional $3.6 million, depreciation and amortization expense would have increased by $1.4 million and operating expenses would have increased by $0.1 million. Our normalized FAD per share would have been higher by roughly $0.04 had the acquisition draws on the line of credit to fund the acquisitions and follow on equity offering occurred at the beginning of the quarter or another way to say it is that our current run rate FAD is roughly $0.21 per share. General and administrative costs were $4.4 million in the third quarter. These costs were higher than usual as they are impacted by a onetime $1.8 million payment as part of our amendment agreement with Ziegler. The amendment of the shared services agreement enabled us to bring all of our accounting functions in-house, which will help us comply with the enhanced internal controls that will be required to meet in 2015 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley regulations. From an overall cost standpoint, we don’t project material difference between the shared services agreement and paying for the services individually in the near-term. And over the long run, it will allow us to scale up the company more efficiently. We had an exceptionally busy quarter on the financing side, as we continue to strengthen the balance sheet and improve our access to capital. In September, we completed our third follow on equity offering, raising nearly $146 million in net proceeds, which were used primarily to pay down debt and to fund acquisitions. In addition to this traditional follow on offering, we also implemented our first at-the-market equity program. This program will allow us to periodically and strategically issue equity at current market prices. The aggregate amount of equity we can issue under our at-the-market equity program is $150 million. In this quarter we also made significant improvements to our credit facility, we transitioned from a $200 million secured credit facility to $400 million unsecured credit facility, greatly increasing our financial flexibility. In addition, the facility has a $350 million accordian feature, which would increase our overall capacity to $750 million. Not only did we increase the size of the facility, but we’re able to achieve better pricing. And our current overall leverage level less than 35% debt to assets, our rate of interest in the lines outstanding balance is LIBOR plus 150 basis points, an improvement of 115 basis points from our previous facility. At the end of the third quarter, we had $70 million drawn on a new line of credit in addition to $83 million of secured debt. This brings our leverage to 22% on a debt to total assets metric, providing excellent flexibility to continue executing on the external growth opportunities we see in the pipeline. As we mentioned on the last call, our FFO was highly dependent on external growth and is also impacted by the timing of any capital events such as follow-on equity offerings. The time of these events is very difficult to predict, making it also difficult to provide meaningful guidance on an FFO per share basis. However, we do have visibility on the overall size of the acquisition pipeline and feel comfortable providing estimates on overall closings in the fourth quarter. Since September 30th, we have closed one additional transaction, the Pinnacle Health portfolio, for $23 million. In addition to this transaction, we currently expect to acquire to between $40 million to $80 million of additional properties during the rest of the fourth quarter. If we achieve this target, it will bring our acquisition volume for the year to between $510 million and $550 million of high-quality medical facility with a projected average cash cap rate over a 7.5%. With that, I’ll turn it back over to John for some closing remarks.
Jeff Theiler: Hey Karin, it’s Jeff. We have not taped the ATM yet. We’ve actually been in the blackout period through the closing of the credit facility and then also into the earnings season here. So we haven’t tapped it. We’re certainly looking at that opportunistically, as we go forward. I mean it’s a great way to match fund smaller acquisitions. So we think as an additional tool in our tool kit and we’ll continue to evaluate these for that quarter-to-quarter.Karin A. Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. And then just last question, do you have a bias today towards shorter or longer lease terms when you guys are looking at deals.
Jeff Theiler: That’s a great question, Kary. I think as we’ve continue to evolve and internalize our property management, asset management and if you look at our lease terms right now, our average lease is over ten years. We have, I mean, 1% to 2% per year in our current portfolio of lease maturities. So I think we’re starting to at least evaluate sprinkling in some shorter-term lease maturities when the acquisition, pricing and then in the market ramps in that particular facility or market attractive to as they take advantage of the ability to increase rents in the near term and actively manage that portfolio. I’ve talked about this before and we’re [indiscernible] and actively managing, operating healthcare real estate company. And I think that’s part of our, now that we’ve internalized, have the controls and the tools to do that, and frankly the team to do that. We’re going to start doing more and more of that on a strategic basis.Karin A. Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color.
Jeff Theiler: Hi, Craig, it’s Jeff. What we’ve been doing is we’ve been meeting with S&P, Moody’s as often as we can just to make sure that we’re in front them and they understand the story. And so, as we look out into 2015, getting an investment grade rating is really a primary goal for us. :
John Thomas: Thank you, Jeff. Before I turn it over to questions, I would also like to mention that Physicians Realty Trust was recently selected for inclusion into Morgan Stanley REIT Index. This recognition for a company just over a year old is a testament to the success we have had, executing our company’s business plan, as well as the tremendous support we have seen from our lenders and investors over the past year. So thank you. With that, we’ll open it up for your questions.
John Thomas: Yes, I think what’s in our pipeline right now and what we continue to see is fairly consistently two-thirds are coming from existing relationships or them introducing us to other relationships. And the other third again fairly lightly marketed. We rarely get involved in those kinds of the mass marketed options. It all in fact I don’t think we’ve really pursued anything in the past year on that basis. Medical office buildings, you’ll continue to see more and more medical office facilities private labs, surgical hospitals, but we still like those and – when they’re appropriate kind of risk adjusted returns where we can find them and we still see a few of those in the future. But portfolios tend to get more widely marketed, so our portfolio – the portfolio deals that we are actively involved in and have looked at have been – those were the portfolios owned by a developer or half to our physician group. And it’s – but it’s a three to five building kind of opportunities not the 10 to 15 building or some of the mega deals we’re seeing this year. So lot of $20 million to $25 million acquisitions which again we think it’s kind of the sweet spot in the right place to be in the medical office facility investment world.Joe Ng – MLV & Company: Thank you.
John Thomas: That’s a good question. I mean, I think as we go for the investment grade rating and then presumably once we achieve the investment grade rating, I think what you’ll find is that leverage levels are going to be consistent with other companies that have that investment grade rating. So as you look out into the healthcare world, that’s a large diversified REIT among others. So I think if you start looking at those types of levels, that’s probably the range that we’ll be in.
John Thomas: Yes. The biggest one was the El Paso. That was a three building portfolio we acquired from the Orthopedic Surgery Group down there. All OP Units are consistent, have the same terms, which is they’re restricted for one year and then after that quarter-by-quarter they can raise or hanging out on off to convert to cash or shares at the same price. They all average or the OPs are issued an average price, it’s kind of three-day average price before the closing of the transaction. So I think we’ve disclosed what that average price was made apparently we should have disclosed.
John Thomas: Yes, I’d just add anecdotally Mark has done a nice job of some acquisitions where the tenants are looking to extent their leases right now. We got some nice bumps for future rent renewals where we’ve already got the renewal in place and Mark has done a good job doing that.Collin Philip Mings – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. I appreciate guys. Congrats on the progress during the quarter.
John Thomas: I don’t think it has a direct impact on our specific business, I mean, obviously healthcare in general has been riding a little bit of a wave with the increased coverage expansion. The physicians in the hospitals we’ve been working with primarily are more focused on the commercial pay and kind of higher demographic population. And we can see the consolidation of physicians with each other and the consolidation of hospitals, acquiring physicians is continuing regardless. So it will be something important to watch, but we just kind of done our review of our kind of strategic asset mix goals and as a big part of driver continue to focus on medical office billing, which is more private pay, reimbursement commercial pay, reimbursement facilities, particularly including on our specialty hospital in the surgical hospital side. So [indiscernible] could have some short-term impact generally on the healthcare market, but the healthcare economy is going to be $3 trillion next year regardless and coverage expansion will occur one way or the other.
John Thomas: Yes, again we just appreciate you for taking the time this morning and enjoyed seeing many of you at May REIT [ph] last week and I look forward to the follow-up in a continued success in the fourth quarter and beyond. Thank you.
