John Thomas: Yes, I’m sorry Karin, allow us to for a second, color on the Columbus property or the Lansing property, is that what you asked?Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes.
John Thomas: Okay. The Columbus property, we’ve entered into a sale agreement to sell that to a frankly it’s a retail use. And we’re pretty pleased to move – go and move that asset off of our books. And we expect that or hope that will close this quarter. And we’re working through the time there. But it’s assigned purchased agreement just the seller working through with the buyers, working through their diligence. On Lansing, we’ve had tremendous amount of traffic flow. I think each quarter we’ve reported lots of tenant activity but we’d continue to have a great deal of expectation that that would be leased to a healthcare provider and we’ll contribute to the core NOI in the future, so.Karin Ford – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
John Thomas: Look, I think that, if we hit investment grade metrics, certainly you get another little bump on any kind of unsecured facility that we would have out. And then I think importantly for us, it provides the opportunity to put long-term financing in place for our assets. And that’s really the goal of ours. So it’s difficult to say what the cost of capital for an investment grade unsecured debt is going to be in the future. But certainly it’s worth it for us to – because of their answer quickly to kind of wait for that window of opportunity and execute when we can.
John Thomas: Yes, Craig, this is John Thomas again. That’s a great opportunity there. That’s a nice portfolio. But again, it’s mostly in your housing and post skilled care but great assets. Congratulate and help for REIT on that acquisition. We’re continuing to focus on the medical office and again these specialized hospitals from time to time so we can find attractive yield opportunities. The development world in the MOB space is picking up, but larger health systems sponsoring large, highly leased MOB development opportunities. So we’re keeping an eye on those. But those are things that will come online a year from now. And so, hopefully we’ll have the opportunity to and have a cost of capital to be competitive for takeout other type of arrangements there. Development for us is something in the future and something we’ll pursue where we can find attractive long-term higher yields in the acquisition market. And right now that’s more of a future opportunity in the near term, plenty of acquisition opportunities for us in the near term for growth.
John Thomas: Wilkes, this is John Thomas. I think it is timing it is the biggest variability there. We’ve got a near-term pipeline that, have fairly good certain color on when it’s going to close. It’s probably the fourth quarter and timing of getting transactions closed, is the only real variability there.
John Thomas: All the high profile large portfolio trades are somewhere in the 5.8% to below 6% range depending upon how you do the math and what year of NOI you’re looking at in the transaction. So and we’re still finding, historically we’ve said, we’ve been finding things in 7% to 10% range. If we over the past year, some of the higher yielding as I mentioned before assets have been, and the opportunities have been in the post Q care space or the surgical hospital space. And there has been contraction there that we’ve just avoided, which means most of our acquisition for medical office buildings and we’re finding lots of high grade opportunities there in the 7% to 8% range. And where you see us, but they’re below 7% it’s for quality and size and bulk and you’ll start to see some of that as our cost of capitals come down. So the short answer and sorry to ramble a little bit is 7% to 8% is still a good number for us primarily because it’s mostly medical office buildings, they’re below 6%, they’re below 7% be very clear about that. They’re below 7% if we see really high quality, larger acquisition that makes sense in a great market with a great healthcare or tenants in the building. We have some opportunities above 8% where there is some risk adjustment premium available so.
John Thomas: I think you can tell we’re very excited and very proud of our first year and accomplishment. We had our Annual Shareholder Meeting last week and actually had several shareholders drive from a long way away from around the country to come. So we’re very excited, very pleased. Thank you for our time this morning. We’ll be happy to have follow-up calls and discussion with you. And we welcome Jeff Theiler and his expertise and track record and a long bright future with DOC. So, thanks everyone.
