Lauralee Martin: Good morning. Welcome to HCP's 2014 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning are Paul Gallagher, Chief Investment Officer; Tim Schoen, Chief Financial Officer; and John Lu, Investor Relations.  We had a solid start to the year on all fronts, including operations, financing and accretive investments. We are pleased to share the details with you this morning. Let me turn the call over to Tim to start with our first quarter results. 
Lauralee Martin: Thank you, Paul. Paul has highlighted our investment portfolio's continued strong organic performance, demonstrated by cash same-store growth of 4.2%. Year-to-date leasing activity further strengthened both our life science and our medical office portfolios, as well as continued our success in reducing non-stabilized assets. And the announced lease amendments with Brookdale will improve lease coverage and the credit quality of our operator. All of these actions position us for a very solid organic growth this year and into 2015. On the investment front, in addition to the $334 million accretive new investment with Brookdale expected to close later this year, the $51 million commitment to construct a new senior housing community in suburban Chicago, we also completed the 2 medical office investments Paul described totaling $60 million. Both of these investments were sourced through existing relationships and have initial cash yields of about 7%.  The focus of my comments this morning will be on our increased commitment to our operator relationships to help further drive external growth. We know that supporting our operator's financial success increases the growth opportunities of HCP.   In conjunction with their merger, Brookdale announced that their acquisition of Emeritus could provide an opportunity to monetize Emeritus' purchase options. Market commentary speculated that operator consolidation across the health care state could result in a more owned versus leased business model, making REITs as a capital source less valuable to the resulting stronger operators. Our announced transaction validates that HCP remains a very valuable source of capital to Brookdale and a key component in their business strategy. We extended our triple-net lease relationship and also structured 2 new partnerships, an 80-20 senior housing RIDEA partnership and a $1.2 billion continuing care retirement community joint venture. With these partnerships, HCP benefits from an aligned operator manager and is solidly positioned to grow with Brookdale. Brookdale benefits from increased real estate ownership, while retaining HCP as a reliable capital source.  The elimination of purchase options, while at a cost of modest future rent reduction, allows us to focus our acquisition resources on investments to accretively expand our asset base after having retained the cash flow from our existing assets.  Our new CCRC JV platform enables us to expand our senior housing investment mix to a consumer seeking long-term security and continuity regarding housing and health care, while at the same time representing an attractive entry point for HCP, as CCRCs continue to benefit from the housing market recovery.  We like the CCRC asset class, a property type with a premium yield and high barriers to competitive entry. And we like investing alongside Brookdale, the best-in-class senior living franchise with 35 years of success, marketing and operating CCRC facilities. We're very proud and pleased to have been selected as the largest capital partner to the largest senior living operator.  We remain disciplined to our investment hurdles in a marketplace where asset and portfolio pricing is aggressive. Our strategy continues to focus on long-term cash flow growth and value creation, particularly when interest rates are kept artificially low. Even after putting deals through this opportunity filter, we are pleased with the increasing size of our transaction pipeline. Let me close by saying we are proud of a solid quarter performance and remain positive on the balance of the year. Operator, we are now happy to take questions. ' 
Lauralee Martin: Well, they are 2 tremendous operators and we're very pleased to have them in our portfolio. I would also say that relative to the Brookdale portfolio, with what we've done in terms of positioning the portfolio with the leases, we have tremendous diversification in terms of the assets underlying what is now an even stronger operator. So we feel like we have diversity within that portfolio, but we're very comfortable with Brookdale as an expanded concentration within our portfolio. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, there's a number of questions in there, so let me see if I can break that down. First of all, we like both domestic and international. If we go back to the last quarter call, I mentioned we are very comfortable in the U.K. and on the continent in the developed markets like France and in Germany. We spent a lot of time over there with our debt investments both underwriting, as well as asset management, and feel it's a marketplace where we understand reimbursements and we actually like the stability of the reimbursements in those markets. So we don't comment on market rumors of transactions. But I can tell you, we are very active in the marketplace. I think you had a question on onesie, twosies as well. We don't see ourselves as a retail aggregator, if that's what you mean by onesie, twosies. We will do smaller transactions like we did this quarter with relationships where they're actually the retail aggregator and we're supporting their growth. We do think that we have a combination of sophistication both around the real estate assets, but also the structured finance that makes us have significant opportunities into midsized and large portfolios, and we will continue to seek those opportunities. 
Lauralee Martin: Yes, they've expressed that they like this vehicle for their growth as well. They see it as an industry that's going to have tremendous consolidation. And same reasons we like it, premium yields, barriers to entry and an expertise that Brookdale has. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, there's no question there's a lot of money out there. I think that there's been a great deal of activity, particularly in the sort of retail aggregator space, which we don't play in, however, it is setting pricing expectations that are moving over into a more institutional market. What we're doing is making sure that we're going to the places that need capital, so that's one of the reasons we should talk about international. Staying close to our operators as they look at what their growth opportunities are going to be. And in particular, we know that we can bring things to relationships if we just think about medical office. And the way hospitals are thinking about that space. The 2 that we talked about was because we had relationships with hospitals where they know that how we manage those properties, helping them with doctor relationships, et cetera, is going to bring more value to their strategy. 
Lauralee Martin: We're seeing activity pretty much across all the product types. So I would say that with the focus we have in the organization to be out in the marketplace on an aggressive basis, it's across all the product types, and it's both domestic and international. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, thank you, all, for joining the call. Again, we think we had a terrific first quarter, and we remain very positive on the balance of the year. Thank you. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, let me kind of go through it. When you think about it, their coverage continues to reflect the previous headwinds on reimbursement, sequestration and reduced hospital volumes. This first quarter's numbers include a whole year of sequestration. The second quarter's going to have our 3.5% rent increase, that represents about 1 basis point a quarter of impact to coverage. That said, in March, despite the low hospital admissions due to weather, HCR's census was above prior year for the first time in quite a while. Additionally, in October, we anticipate positive rate increases on the reimbursement front. In the fourth quarter, we expect to see full year impact to the cost savings that were initiated in the fourth quarter of 2013. And their hospice and home health continues to do very, very good, with year-over-year growth of 12%. So we're still looking at fourth quarter starting to see some traction with respect to the coverage. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, Jeff, let me take a crack at that. We've actually looked at the asset class for several years. I would say prior to 2008 valuations, in our opinion, were rather lofty cap rates for these assets. They typically traded at lower cap rates than traditional senior housing. And what we saw was the lion's share of the entry fee was mostly refundable, if not 100% refundable. When the market took a downturn, we looked opportunistically to try and buy some of these assets. It was difficult to kind of figure out where the bottom was in the housing market. And it was difficult to turn on kind of where entry fee prices would end up stabilizing at. And then when you looked at it, the operators ended up having large amounts of liabilities to pay out without a lot of new entry fee coming in. Really what's changed is the housing market has recovered. Entry fees are less refundable today than where they were. They're now probably about 50% nonrefundable. They get you a much more durable cash flow stream. The occupancies today in the CCRCs are lower, so from an opportunistic standpoint, it allows a good entry point and upside. So that when the vacant units are sold, you don't have to pay out a refund. And we were able to buy these things at what is now a premium to where senior housing assets trade at. So we thought of this as a good opportunity. I think if you were to look at it on a static basis, that we're going to see outsized growth for a couple of years as these things go from 80% to the low 90s, and some of the independent living components of these things can get up over 95% occupancy. They will then stabilize out, but we look at this venture as the ability for us and Brookdale to work together to help consolidate the space. And hopefully, we'll have more accretive transactions that take advantage of that upside over time. 
Paul Gallagher: If the price of SNF gets to the point where we can't justify the risk-adjusted return, then maybe we'll sell those assets. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think from a standpoint of not wanting to do RIDEA in the past, I think where we were was we didn't see the right risk-adjusted return to go out and buy assets and put them into a RIDEA structure. In these particular assets, we have assets that were part of our Sunrise transition, where we had some modest CapEx that were spent, and we saw some significant lift in the rents and the NOI of the properties. And we've seen in the Blackstone portfolio what's happened with spending capital and the upside associated. And if you look at it, Emeritus has been pretty much underspending on the capital side for the past couple of years. So we really had the benefit of kind of going to school on the portfolio to see which assets -- which are good assets that needed capital that had both the rate and the occupancy play, where if you spend capital, you would get outsized returns. And we were able to basically craft a portfolio to our liking that we thought hit the risk-adjusted returns in order to be able to put them into a RIDEA structure. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think kind of more simplistically, I look at the rents that we structure for Emeritus, we did a really good job of -- for HCP shareholders of getting very good, very high, very strong rent payments from a good-quality operator. And those rent steps over the next couple of years will have stepped up to a point that may or may not have been sustainable to property. I don't know, it depends on how much capital Emeritus would have put into those particular assets. And I compare that to the need to put up $1.3 billion of new investment over time just to make up for assets that get called away from me, and in return balance that with kind of what I think is almost perfect knowledge as to how the assets are going to be -- respond in the RIDEA scenario after spending capital. We know how they've performed in the past 2 or 3 years both on our Sunrise and on the Blackstone assets. So when we put all that mix together, we actually think that we come out ahead on the trade without taking into account the CCRCs. But we want to give ourselves a little bit of cushion because they are RIDEA, and they may not hit the exact numbers that we underwrote, but we think that it was a very good trade. 
Paul Gallagher: I look at it very differently from that standpoint. I look at it as we advertise that we were able to take a less risky position than RIDEA and get outside market rent steps and had a fair market value rent reset. There would be some negotiation around what the fair market rent reset is. Having experienced what happened with our Sunrise assets after spending capital and after experiencing what happened with our Blackstone assets, as we spend capital, we now know how these assets performed. We think that the upside over and above what we have with those outsized rent steps and fair market value rent reset far exceeds what we would have gotten in the structure that we had a year ago. 
Paul Gallagher: In all of our relationships, we always go through and determine what things we would like out of the relationship. We do that with all of our senior housing operators, our skilled nursing and our tenants and our MOB and life science. And there was a situation where there was consent, we negotiated a consent, and they asked us if we would entertain certain things, and we pulled out our list, they pulled out their List and we cut a deal that worked for everybody. 
Paul Gallagher: And from a pure underwriting discipline, there's been no change. We're still looking at risk-adjusted returns versus the various different asset classes and where we're at in the capital stack. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, the assets that are in the RIDEA structure, Manny, are ones that -- first of all, we were able to choose and put those assets on the RIDEA structure. Second, those -- the rent payments associated with those -- the triple-net lease payments associated with those assets had a coverage of sub-1. So that's one of the reasons we chose to put those assets into the JV -- into the RIDEA JV plus we like the growth opportunity of those assets. 1/3 of that portfolio was the Blackstone JV. Legacy Blackstone JV assets that were in lease-up. And those we've just started to put capital into, so we think those are in attractive growth profile. As you'll recall, we could actually do a rent reset on those lease-up assets, so we still retain the benefit from those. And then the other 2/3 of them are Sunrise assets, and we like the quality and location of those assets as well. 
Timothy Schoen: And the final note, Manny, on those RIDEA assets, we're looking to replicate the success we've had with RIDEA 1, where we were transitioning an operator as well. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, looking at -- I'll just -- I'll take the numbers answer. I guess Paul can take a more qualitative approach to it. But if you look at the amount of rent reduction we have over time, again, some of those were rent payments that were above -- or had -- didn't have coverage or had coverage below 1, first of all. But secondly, call it 9% -- $9 million annually, put a cap rate on that of 6.5% or 7%. Put a 7% on it, that's roughly $130 million. You put a 6.5%, it's roughly $138 million. That's how I would answer it numerically, Michael. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, and the only thing I would add to that is the 34 assets, Michael, that had a fair market value rent reset to them. 17 of those are in the RIDEA structure, so we'll get the upside in those assets as they stabilize. And again, we chose those assets to go into that RIDEA structure because we think those are the better 1/2 of the 34. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, again 1/3 of that -- 1/3 of those assets are coming out of the Blackstone JV where there hadn't been a lot of capital invested. So those are still in the process of being turned around. The other ones are -- the other opportunity we like is what Brookdale brings to the table in terms of their operating capabilities. Again, I'll draw the analogy to RIDEA 1, whereas Paul just mentioned, we had 7.5% growth last year. So we like the operating skill set that Brookdale brings to the table, including their ancillary revenue platform and ability to attract tenants with a better marketing campaign. 
Timothy Schoen: Okay. Just one thing. That's -- it's 49 properties in 22 states, just to give you a factoid there. So... 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Rob, I'll take it. There's ad rent -- there's more ad rent in the fourth quarter, so there's some seasonality on that portfolio. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, it's still a good number for the year. It goes down throughout the year, Rob, as we get rent steps underneath their leases. So it's a little higher in the first quarter, but $42 million is still a good number for the year. 
