Mark Theine: Thanks Jeff. To best capitalize on the opportunity we have within our portfolio, we are occasionally better served by transitioning space from 1 physician organization to another. These decisions are made to improve the overall financial health and value of our buildings over the long-term, but generally have a short-term impact on our net operating income. Among other benefits, these strategic efforts have served to dramatically improve the credit profile of our portfolio. This is especially relevant in today's environment where higher operating expenses are offsetting revenue gains for health systems. DOC's portfolio remains well-insulated from these pressures by the underlying credit quality of our tenants, 67% of which are investment grade quality. Better yet, 90% of our investment-grade tenants have a credit rating of A minus or higher. This means that these tenants would need to be downgraded several times before they could potentially lose their investment-grade status. Our commitment to credit quality remains unmatched by our peers and we believe this strategy will pay dividends for our shareholders in any economic environment. MOB same-store NOI growth was 1% during the quarter, our 20th consecutive quarter of positive same-store growth. Headline performance in the period was adversely affected by a unique situation at a single location in our portfolio. Specifically, our asset management team was faced with a physician group tenant that had a reduced need for real estate and an in place plan to consolidate locations. We made the decision to move aggressively to retain at least part of their space in our building as a means of preserving the healthcare ecosystem of the asset, and we are already in discussions with several potential providers to lease space not renewed by this tenant. Overall, this asset represents less than 1% of the same-store pool. Conversely, the 14 building landmark portfolio joined the same-store pool this quarter. As expected from such a high quality portfolio, occupancy is up 50 basis points since our acquisition and the portfolio grew cash NOI by 4.1% year-over-year. In total, the portfolio is exceeding our underwriting expectations and is representative of the quality facilities and tenant at the center of DOC's investment criteria. First quarter renewal spreads were impacted by the same scenario I just discussed during our same-store commentary with headline spreads totaling negative 0.7%. Excluding this one asset, renewal spreads for the quarter were positive 10.1%. In total, our leasing team completed 367,000 square feet of leasing activity this quarter including 289,000 square feet of lease renewals and a 72% retention rate. The great work this quarter by our leasing team to reprice lease renewals at today's fair market value with a 10.1% leasing spread should not be overlooked by one lease. Additionally, this leasing activity offers strong compounding growth for the future as approximately 60% lease assigned this quarter contain annual rent escalations of 3% or more. Looking back to the 2018 to 2021 time period, only 25% of our leasing activity on average contained annual rent escalations of 3% or more. Despite the short-term impact of a few vacancies in the portfolio, we believe the long-term value opportunity for our portfolio is fully intact as outpatient services drive retention and market pressures continue to increase triple net rental rates. Our team is focused on unlocking the full value of our portfolio through aggressive leasing initiatives, exceptional property management and smart capital improvement investments. Before turning the call back to JT and opening for questions, I'd like to quickly say congratulations to John Sweet, the Founder of DOC for earning the 2022 Lifetime Award from Healthcare Real Estate Insights. The award was presented in January at the Revista Medical Real Estate Investment Forum. John has always been known by hospital executives, brokers, developers, and investors for his witty sense of humor, unwavering integrity, and creativity in structuring investment transactions. As we celebrate the company's 10th anniversary this July, we cannot be happier to honor John for his career and contributions to the medical office industry, and we recognize as mentorship and friendship to all of us at DOC. Congratulations, John. With that, I'll turn the call back over to JT.
Mark Theine: Hey, good morning Austin. Its Mark Theine. So, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, our leasing statistics were outsized by this one tenant, but our portfolio we're really starting from a position of strength with industry leading 95% occupancy. Over the history of our company, we've always been in that 95% occupancy range. So, we are experiencing a couple of one or two kind of moveouts and normal churn of the portfolio. But long-term, our occupancy has always been around 95%. We've been well served by our triple net leases, high occupancy, especially in this inflationary environment.
Mark Theine: Yes. So, again, we feel very confident in our comments about the improvements in the back half of the year. Really pointing to that, we do have 58,000 square feet of leases signed that are under construction and we expect rent commencement in the back half of the year. So, as those leases start to come on, we'll recognize them in our occupancy and obviously, our rent growth. So, that'll get us more in line with our expectations of the 2% to 3% same-store growth in the back half of the year.
Mark Theine: Yes. Juan on the more specifics on just the one small asset we sold in the quarter was That building was originally acquired in the early life at DOC as part of a five building portfolio. This is the one building that was not as strategic in the existing tenant in the building as if they could purchase the building from us. The cap rate on that was actually just below 4. But again, very small building and what's more representative of our disposition strategy is what we completed last year with Great Falls. We had an we had an amazing exit with a great partner there in Great Falls and redeployed that capital accretively.
Mark Theine: Yes. This is Mark. I'll take that one again. So, start with the fact, again, this is our 20th consecutive quarter of same-positive same-store NOI growth. And we currently we don't have a redevelopment or repositioning bucket, we report on all of our properties. So, as I mentioned last quarter, you know, we were expecting same-store to have a little bit slower start, but picking up in the back half of the year. And this one building in particular was a 110,000 square foot cancer center. We acquired in 2014 at a 7 cap and for nine years, they paid their rent on time every month. And we -- through our relationship with them, became aware of their plans to consolidate their office space and really reduce their square footage by about 50%. Some of which was admin space, some of which is clinical space, but the direct impact from this one tenant on same-store this quarter is 73 basis points same-store. So, our one would have been 1.73 excluding this building, and it had a 30 basis point impact on our occupancy year-over-year. So, just to help kind of contextualize this a little bit more, $200,000 in our same-store pool out of $82 million of cash NOI moves same-store 25 basis points. So, it doesn't take a lot of cash flow to really move same-store percentage quarter-over-quarter. So, again, what I said before, what gives us confidence in the back half of the year is the lease assigned that are under construction and we'll commence in the back half of the year. Our target for increasing our occupancy there is really our investment-grade hospital systems that are existing in the buildings and we're working closer with them to continue to expand.
Mark Theine: I think you I think you'll see some, but our preference is the loan down where we're getting current construction loan yield and have more optionality on the back end to -- on the -- on potential of an acquisition. But you may see it from time to time. But, we're excited to do it and expand our relationship. It's a great market. Atlanta is still, very high.
Mark Theine: Yes. Definitely. Take that. So on leasing as you just mentioned. And, again, we're starting 95% occupancy. So full -- but one thing we're doing -- actually two things we're doing a little differently right now. One is we're more proactively investing CapEx dollars into some of the vacancies. To make sure that spaces are ready available for lease immediately, but we're not, caught with supply chain challenges, anything like that. So we're being very proactive with our CapEx dollars to have spaces that are show ready. And then second, our leasing team this year has done a great job and it mentions on the first last earnings call that we've really increased our online marketing efforts and our broker outreach to enhance communication and really market those vacancies online and with some new virtual reality technology and online tours. So it's definitely a focus of our entire team to improve occupancy throughout the year.
Mark Theine: Hey, John. This is Mark again. So first, welcome to the DOC call. Great to have you here. We appreciate the support from Green Street. Landmark, it's -- about 1.4 million square feet out of our 15 million square foot, 50.2 million square foot same store portfolio. So, while great results there just based upon the, overall size of the same store portfolio, it doesn't have outsized impact on our same store results. But those properties alone right there, 4.1% from the same store is a result of some increased occupancy and done a really good job. The landmark portfolio itself is 11% percent of the same store pool so year over year again, 4.1% percent growth there.
Mark Theine: Yes, John. So the one thing I would add to what you just said, you're starting to build on it correctly with the excluding Zingmister [ph]. But the one thing I'd add is, again, is the 58,000 square feet of leases that are already signed and under construction. Once those come online on a run rate basis, they'll add to approximately $400,000 of NOI a quarter. So that will continue to help build our same store and that could be another 40, 50 basis points there just from leases that are already signed. So again, that's on a run rate basis. They'll come online throughout the -- the back half of the year, not all at the same time, obviously, but throughout the back half of the year. And, that's what gives us confidence that we'll be rebounding into our more historical range of 2% to 3%.
John Thomas: Yes. Awesome. Thanks it's JT. It's still modest on the acquisition front. We do have some growing pipeline. There's some activity out in the market. There's still private buyers in particular in in the low sixes range, we'd like to be higher in the sixes and up into the seven cap rate, but without jeopardizing quality or the credit quality or the quality of the facility. So, we'll see some activity pickup and we can expect more to come to market. Working with some health systems, looking at some potential monetizations there, So, we're excited about that. The real pipeline is on the development front and just working through kind of final documentation and pricing of those transactions.
John Thomas: Yes, Juan, we -- those get price too well in advance of actual construction starts. And the Beaufort project has with the 3% bumps, the quality of the location. Our IRR on that facility is much closer to 8.5% to 9% So, we'd like it to be higher when we start on that particular, but it's still a fantastic project. The second project is not priced and we would price it at a different rate today in the current market. At the time, we were negotiating through that and we'll be purchase acquisition rates for in the low 5. So, it's just -- it's obviously a timing thing with that and we're looking at different ways to think about that and the long-term commitments we make there. So, development starts, the things we're negotiating now are in the high sixes, low sevens, from a current yield because most projects we do are on a -- kind of loan down or more of a construction loan project and those are in the high sixes to low sevens if we were pricing them today.
John Thomas: Yes. It's really trying to understand how that is -- how they're making the math work on those projects and talking to some of those private buyers. They have some all equity with low returned expectations. There's not a lot of bank financing. I wouldn't say there's high volume of those transactions, but there are people out in the market kind of high fives, low sixes. So, I don't think that's reflective of what the current value is. It's more of a reflection of people with buckets of capital, they're willing to take a bet that interest rates decline next year and cap rates go back to the 5s. I think that's kind of the simple math they're doing. We are active acquisition pipeline. It's in the high 6s as low 7s. We don't have a lot of volume in those numbers, but we do have good discussions in place.
John Thomas: No. We the -- it's got 3% bumps. Again, about half the equity is coming from the physicians that are leasing the building. They've already written those checks. So, we've got this advanced funding from last year. It's really early of last year mid spring kind of discussion around the pricing at the time, 6.2% was much higher than acquisition cap rates and time. So, we -- again, the development is not a spot financing production. So, it's -- we were pricing it today. It would be higher. Our long-term IRR on that project, Mike, is still in the mid 8% to 9% and that's without executing another transaction changing cap rates or interest rates in the future. So, we feel good about it. We'd price it higher today if we could, but we're still going to make money on the project.
John Thomas: There's some unique circumstances with Northside and its location. They own the land. So it's on our ground lease. They have they have the second building's already designed and we think there's leasing demand to move forward with that project in the next year and that one will price again based upon kind of current pricing at the time. But and it would be priced differently if we were starting it today. But it's worth that ask for us to build it on balance sheet again for some unique circumstances. The tenant base is partly their employees, partly affiliated positions that aren't employed by them. A combination of, health care compliance and Northside their own balance sheet management. So we're excited to do it. We're working with RTG as the developer on that project to we who we partnered with before. They do a great job and have done a great job getting the billing to a 100% pre-leasing before we started funding it.
John Thomas: Yes. John, there's we have a core value called CARE, where we collaborate, communicate, act with their integrity. We respect the relationships and we execute consistently. We've built this company for 10 years by being reliable with our health partners and we do re-price. We have re-priced where we have the opportunity. Again, we are in the I8 on an IRR basis on this transaction, 6.2 is the first year yield that grows 3% a year within, primarily an investment grade health system, and we'll have the opportunity to expand this campus by another 100,000 feet in the near future. So we don't see it as a as a project you walk away from. We see as a project you work with your partner and get to the finish line where you can. Other projects we've done exactly what you suggested. We've walked away from purchase options that again where we have the optionality and that's kind of the preferential way we like to do the development projects. So each situation, stands on its own merits and circumstances.
John Thomas: No, it's a small part of the total project. The ASC, which is the first step of the redevelopment of that location with Emery is it's cap rates in the high. It's been closer to an eight, but we're committing capital to redevelop that. So, ultimate yield on that's in the sevens. And then the construction project is a separate loan, and then it's priced at 6.75% 6.8%. And then we have optionality whether to purchase that building on the back end and we'll evaluate to John's point a minute ago, evaluate the value of that purchase option at the time of execution or walk away from it or try to reprice it. So it's a small piece, the ASC piece. It's nice yielding with a small $4 million or $5 million acquisition, and then we've committed capital to renovate and improve that billing.
John Thomas: Yes. Yes. So pretty meaningful contribution. And gets us back to 95% actual lease space when those commence. On the building that where we had to repositioning this quarter. We already have an active lease pipeline. Again, those discussions have been in place for a while. Amy Hall and her team have done a great job of building a list of tenants to backfill and lease that space at market rates. And we think that building get back to kind of high occupancy in second half of this year or first half of next year. So it'll start contributing again momentarily.
John Thomas: Yes, Tayo. So I think you're making a great point here, which is that our vacancy and short term leases really have an opportunity right now to increase cash flow as we're in an environment where rental rates are increasing quickly. In fact, just yesterday, just as a as an example, we were shared a leasing flyer for our brand new development in Texas and our second largest market. It's not an investment that development deal that we're directly involved with, but it's located right next to a large existing building we own. And the development rental rates and in that leasing flyer were 40% higher than the rents we have in place in our existing building that was built five years ago. So similar, you know, quality, even larger building a large delta between what current construction rental rates asking rental rates are and where are they embedded in rental rates of our portfolio are. So there's a great opportunity. And that's where our leasing team, our asset management team is focused on, is really understanding each market and bringing those current leases mark to market. As I said, I absent the one lease we discussed. We had 10.1% leasing spreads this quarter, which is a phenomenal job by our entire leasing team. And great potential with our asset management team.
John Thomas: Yes. I think the just knowing what's in our pipeline and discussions, again, when we don't do much at all, any new acquisition is a pickup, right? So -- but we do have some active discussions, but it's not the kind of volumes we've done historically, because we're really pushing long-term cost of capital and trying to match up with market first year yields. So but I do think the market generally there's a lot of loans -- IO loans that were issued in 2019, 2020 that were attached to buildings that were purchased at 4.5%, 5% yields. And those loans are now costing 7%, 7. 5%. So it's -- there's a mismatch there, negative leverage acquisitions to cash flow, the LTVs are not -- don't support the size of those loans. So we're starting to see -- it's small right now, but I think that activity will pick up where we see not distressed buildings, but owners who don't want to come out of pocket to support that kind of cash flow. So we think there's a pretty large volume of that kind of opportunity out there. We'll see if it materializes or not if interest rates fall, maybe people, kind of ride it through until till the future. But right now, we're starting to see some evidence of those kind of that kind of combination coming to fruition.
John Thomas: Yes. I'd say a combination. But one-off assets is primarily what we look at. It's rare that we do. We've done two very large portfolios, but we've really built the company one building at a time so.
John Thomas: Yes, Steve. So operating expenses in the same-store pool were up 6.9% year-over-year sort of in line with some recent inflation for this. We're coming off of a period last year where this comparable operating expenses were really flat in the comparable period, but prior a year ago. And if you if you look a little deeper into that, what we're seeing on operating expense growth is number one utilities, not necessarily consumption because we made some very intelligent and wise capital investments in the building. But in the rate of utilities, we're seeing a pretty large increase. And then we're also seeing some increases in labor related to janitorial engineering, things like that. So year-over-year, that's where the operating expense growth is. But again, one of the benefits of our highly occupied triple net lease portfolio is that those operating expenses are nearly offset in our recoveries which are baked into that rental revenue line item there as well. So our asset management team, property management team are always focused on keeping total occupants see cost low, managing operating expense as well and leveraging economies of scale. But we'll continue to try and focus on keeping those operating expenses below the inflation line.
John Thomas: Thanks again everybody for joining us today. We look forward to me seeing you at NAREIT and future investment conferences and speaking to you again in August. Thanks.
