Mark Theine: Thanks, Jeff. Solid revenue and FAD growth continue to highlight the company's positive operating metrics. As John mentioned, our asset management platform is delivering steady internal growth, primarily generated from in-place annual lease escalators of 2.3% across the portfolio, and an industry leading 96% leased. Our leasing and CapEx teams helped drive top and bottom line improvements in the quarter as well, including limited CapEx investment that totals just 6.9% of our cash NOI. Our operations team, known for its close hospital relationship, also continued to execute on its plan to expand in-house property management and leasing, laying the groundwork for additional institutional cost efficiencies and generating long-term enterprise value for our shareholders. In Q3, leasing activity totaled 325,000 square feet, including 283,000 square feet of lease renewals, and 42,000 square feet of new leasing. Tenant retention, excluding the Fox Valley facility and the favorable outcome, as Jeff mentioned, is 93%. Rent concessions including TI and leasing commissions in the quarter for lease renewals totaled approximately $2 per square foot per year, and $2.50 per square per year for new leases. The positive cash re-leasing spreads for the quarter were 1.7%, and included average annual escalators of 2.51%. Our in-house leasing team continues to do an exceptional job renewing our existing healthcare partners at market rental rates, and recruiting the right mix of physicians critical to creating the dynamic healthcare ecosystem, and ultimately generating strong returns from predictable long-term triple net leases. Year-to-date, in 2018, this team has saved our investors approximately $3 million in leasing commissions compared to what we would have paid to third-party brokerage companies assuming a 3% commission rate. Looking ahead, we expect this savings to continue to grow as we are proud to welcome two new leasing team members to the DOC team. Audra Cunningham, based in Atlanta, Georgia, will focus on the southeastern portion of the country, brining over 20 years of leasing experience to DOC. Elson Dimaro [ph] based in Denver, Colorado, will focus on the western part of the country, adding her excellent healthcare and REIT experience. Similarly, we added to our property management team this quarter by transitioning facilities in our third largest market, Louisville, Kentucky, and our eighth largest market, Columbus, Ohio to our in-house platform. We are very proud to welcome Barb Bennett, Sidney Turtle, Amy Washburn to the DOC family. All are impressive individuals tasked with delivering outstanding customer service and the diligent care that our team has become known for, also known as the DOC difference. We believe that tenant retention starts with property management the day the lease is signed, and we are committed to showing our hospital and physician partners, through our actions, that we care about enhancing the patient and physician experience. From an overall operations perspective, DOC has never been in a better position to service our healthcare partners, invest in our relationships, and efficiently manage our facilities to drive FAD to the bottom line by keeping occupancy high and our capital expenditures low. Finally, we'd like to take a moment to thank our operation team members and our partners for the tremendous preparation and communication during the recent hurricanes, Florence and Michael. While DOC ultimately had just 8,400 directly in the path of Hurricane Michael, the entire southeastern region prepared well for high winds and severe rain. Fortunately our facilities fared well with very minimal downtime. And we have already offered assistance to some less fortunate healthcare providers who lost their facilities to use the limited amount of space we have available in those markets. Again, we sincerely thank our southeast team for their preparedness, communication, and care. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to John.
Mark Theine: So, Jon, and this is Mark. So when we're underwriting our acquisitions we, of course, assume a renewal probability and TI associated with renewing those tenants. And we look very closely what the rental rates are and how we can renew those at least in place, if not continue to escalate them and assume a TI along with those renewals. We also have property condition reports done during our due diligence, and we identify immediate repairs needed as well as strategic capital that we can make enhancements in those buildings. So we layer all that into our underwriting and creating our capital expense budgets. As I mentioned, we're at about 7% of cash NOI this quarter, and that's where we try to budget, is in the high single digits for our CapEx spends.
Mark Theine: Yes, Jon, and Mark again. You're exactly right, it's market specific. But if you look at it across the whole portfolio in the next 12 months upcoming, our average rate is $22.08, so we're in line with where we think rental rates are for those markets, and we'll work hard to continue to renew those at favorable terms.
John Thomas: Yes, Juan, thanks for the question. We look at everything. As we noted, we focus primarily on the higher grade health systems and especially where we have existing relationships. I think the two portfolios that you're speaking of -- or I assume you're speaking of are large enough that they'll probably attract some portfolio premium, but also a lot of interest from private capital. So we would anticipate the cap rates to be in the fives with various levels of quality in each portfolio. So the sizing of that and where our stock price is and cost of capital, if we pursued those it'd probably be with a private capital partner in some level of mix, so.
John Thomas: Yes, it's really a good situation. The hospital bought the group that was occupying that space, it's an oncology group, and we worked at the hospital to kind of alter the least going forward. We extended it, and the group paid us a termination fee at the same time as we entered into a new lease with the hospital so there's a momentary lapse in occupancy which hits our statistic negatively, but it was a literally a 24-hour impact on the statistics. So we took the fee in hand and had this new 15-year lease with an investment grade tenant. So it's was really a win-win situation for everybody involved.
John Thomas: No, the rents are lower, and that's the balance of the -- kind of economic impact from the old lease to the new lease was essentially made up by determination fee.
John Thomas: And Jonathan, just to add, so much of our business is direct relationship negotiated transaction. So our CHI investments, which were approximately $900 million, if you'll recall, we closed a fairly large adjustment to the purchase price to address deferred maintenance, the hospitals had kind of left it in place and have spent that -- most of all that has been deployed now back into the buildings per agreement with the hospital, the seller. So we certainly take all that into account and increases in property taxes as well, which is a very important, critical part of underwriting in these high-price markets, so.
John Thomas: I don't think so. I mean, on a gross dollar basis our buildings, I noted, have a large percentage of outpatient surgery and in oncology facilities which those spaces in and of themselves are more expensive and require more TI. But typically this kind of the TI contribution from us is pretty much the same across the board. And then we work with the tenant to either finance that excess TI dollar or they'll provide it themselves. We just renewed a lease with a large group in one of our buildings, and we put in a million dollars of new TI and they put in a couple of million dollars of TI to convert the space. So it all gets blended in. You got to stay within market rents as you're providing that TI and that's what we do as we change those leases or change the space for them.
John Thomas: Yes, and those are in place, so right now it's an inflationary market, should not catch up to those if they are at the higher end, but also be able to push those rents more than we have historically been able to in the past.
John Thomas: Yes, Jordan, it's JT. I think as we've demonstrated all year, we've really funded acquisitions -- we've been very selective with what acquisitions we've been doing, and in limited amount. And we funded those by selling kind of some of our older and less strategic assets at pretty favorable pricing that we anticipated would've been available when we bought those assets. So I think for the foreseeable future that will be the primary funding source. So I noted, to do much more volume, if you look to a larger volume or three or four billings in a portfolio, that we would explore private capital partnering, and 50-50, 70-30, kind of whatever blended math it worked from a capitalization standpoint. So, to be able to grab hold of those assets with our clients for the long-term, but do it in a way that doesn't impact the balance sheet. So I don't think you'll see anything different for the foreseeable future. Stock has been acting better, but certainly not today. And I think this market has got a downdraft, hopefully we'll get back to going in the right direction here soon with all the healthcare REIT stocks and equities.
John Thomas: And it's the same impact, same the renewal or lack of renewal was just replacing tenant with one tenant, ability of the tenant also.
John Thomas: Two different situations, so the Northside buildings got long-term leases in it, there's no change there. We just -- we bought those with it -- with those new leases in place. The Fox Valley situation, we kind of changed the lease from a physician group that the hospital bought to the hospital itself and then adjusted the rent with a -- in addition to the termination fee and extended the lease term so it's two different situations.
John Thomas: You've got -- we have 1% -- we have 2% of the building. This is not currently leased, we have a letter of intent for that lease, so it's that 2% rule of the Delta, it's minor.
John Thomas: We don't have that Seth. Those are assets, two of those are now held for sale. So these are assets that were selling in the near-term, so we don't include those in our same-store NOI.
John Thomas: Yes, it's good question Drew. So the IRR and those assets that we sold is also kind of a high single-digit IRR. We felt that the pricing was particularly good right now in the market. So clearly, we felt that by selling it now IRR is going to be a little bit better than if we held it for the longer term and put in the necessary capital and everything to release it, so the return on the assets was pretty much what we had underwritten when we bought them. And we felt like it was a good time to proving the portfolio a little bit, sell assets that what we thought was a pretty good IRR. And then, redeploy those assets into these higher quality investment grade rated anchored systems that we've been looking at. It was noted. I mean, those were older buildings, we're going to require more CapEx over time; this is a brand-new building and again, self-develop on Northside. So no different maintenance, no expectation of capital needed for a very long time.
John Thomas: And I think that'd be our expectation there. I mean, frankly aren't a lot of buyers for the LTACHs, but they've been performing, reasonably well. I mean, we never had a rent as your payment issue there. We've got 14.8 years left on those leases and lots of credit enhancement from the parent. So, again, we'd like to sell them but we don't feel compelled to do that do at better low prices.
John Thomas: I think it hit the floor and going back to the -- in the right direction. So I think it'll continue to creep, but it's not going to be huge, but it's coming from kind of the expansion of services in those buildings primarily they've been buying that the owner has been buying a lot of home health and generating a lot of revenue from their home health acquisitions. Again, which are complimentary services to the LTACH business, so I think it'll continue to improve and hopefully to talk about in the last question increase the Optum [ph] and to sell those with a good price.
John Thomas: Yes, we've got -- two are in the help for sale and we've been in negotiations and trying to finalize the process to sell those to the physicians that are currently providing services there, so hopefully that's a near-term event and 2018 event but, we can't know for sure, but we expected the -- certainly within the year but hopefully within this current calendar year.
John Thomas: Yes, no question at all. I mean, we got an investment grade long-term lease and they're now it was a great group that we, if was the physicians themselves we bought it from in a sale leaseback. And then, they later sold themselves to the hospital, so yes, I wouldn't say a substantial fleet different cap rate, but it would be an improved cap rate.
John Thomas: Yes, we certainly look to expand with them. We have a great partnership relationship that's primarily different from Deeni's, a prior life to where he developed a couple of buildings with Northside which we now own. And then, I think we have five total buildings that are substantially -- are anchored by or substantially or 100% occupied by Northside services. So we have some development rights to land next to the Center Point building that -- again, it's a building that have Northside purchase and redevelop several years ago. They're in the process of trying to acquire the Gwinnett Health System, which has been approved by the State Attorney General, and they're just working through that FTC and other regulatory approvals for that. So that will be a three building to add to that portfolio if that merger is completed, otherwise Gwinnett stands on its own fine. So North Midtown building we just bought is really their first kind of move to downtown and headed toward the Southern part of the city and counties in the South of Atlanta and we would expect to grow with them.
John Thomas: Yes. So I can tell you for a go-forward basis, the cash rent for Fox Valley is going to be just around $100,000 a quarter, little bit over $100,000 a quarter and that's 15 year lease, the escalators on that are 2.5%. So you do sort of understand right now.
John Thomas: No, they just like the idea of self-developing it, monetizing it, they've worked with several developers over the years and none of which are available now other than Deeni with us. So they self-developed it, had their partner RTG work with them to do that and then agreed early on in that process and I think was their intention to monetize that at the end and reached out to us to do that. So I said great relationship, they've got a great balance sheet, they have virtually no debt, they don't have a credit rating because they don't issue taxes and bonds and they have very strong balance sheet which they share their financials with us obviously as part of our underwriting but they're not really publicly available.
John Thomas: Yes, so again from our perspective the mergers that we've seen or associated with. We do it very positively; they're not in overlapping markets. There's no rationalization of closing one hospital to benefit another in those particular mergers that we see dignity and CHF particular. And we see combined better balance sheet if you read the credit agency reports on that merger in particular. They know that positive impact to CHIs credit rating from as a result of that merger. So we view that very positively and don't see a negative impact, specifically on any marketer or MOB as a result of the merger. Similarly, like Baylor Scott and White and Herman Memorial in Texas, we have assets with both hospital systems there again they're complementary markets. They don't compete with each other head-to-head. We've got great relationships with those. We think that as positive positively said, from our perspective it's the ones we're involved in. We see as a win, a net win for us and others where, how hospitals in a market that are merging or become closer together like in Chicago. You certainly would see a rationalization that certain sites and locations that would be preferable to other sites and locations and that would have a negative impact on the owners of those sites that aren't selected. So it's case-by-case, I think that you know the driving point is are they in competing or are they in a competing market today or is it complementary. The Northside/Gwinnett merger is complementary as well. It's just adding another region and location where Northside is not currently in and adding a great health system to their existing geographic location.
John Thomas: Yes, at least was the new lease cut the rents in half of the first year as part of kind of the turnaround plans that coming out of bankruptcy with the new owner? But then those grow better than average increases over the eight years and get us back to market fairly quickly and then have kind of market resets at the end of each lease which we again would you be going up not down with those market resets, so…
John Thomas: Yes, so this year is exactly. So this year it's about half of what we were -- otherwise expected, so that's not good of course, but we do get substantial increases over the next -- every year over the next eight years, and should they get long-term investments…
John Thomas: Thank you. We look forward -- thanks for joining us today, we look forward to seeing you at NAREIT, and we would like to welcome Baby Bowden, Benjamin Becker to the world. Thank you very much.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, so that's going to include the $250 million term loan which we have fixed with hedges. So you're really kind of closer to $200 million -- a little bit under $200 million on the line. So, we always think about terming out our debt. We're always in conversations with banks and private capital sources to see where that pricing is. But where we sit today, I don't think it's urgent but it's something that we always look at.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Now so the rents, it actually works out about the same and because the tenant moved out before the end of the quarter, so it's -- as JT mentioned earlier, it's a slightly reduced rent, but there's going to be no net impact between this quarter in the fourth quarter because of the time that the assets sat vacant or not vacant but sat without lease.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Vikram, I mean I think if you back out the lease terminations fee and you do the adjustments that we talked about with the acquisitions, dispositions for the quarter just to get the timing, you'll see that we're kind of covering the dividend, we're just paying out just under 100%, I think what you'll see is assuming no other acquisitions which I'm not saying that's what we're going to do but you should see our in-place rent escalators continue to grow at 2.5%, so you can put a leverage on that and you'd see just kind of generally fad should be growing at 3% to 4% or so just on a standalone basis and then anything that we do on the acquisition side would be complementary to that. So it's kind of hard to put a target on it because we're not exactly sure what the capital markets are going to give us next year. So we're just trying to take it as it comes.
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the time and the prepared remarks earlier. So, for the most part, the entire portfolio was bought in the past five years. So my question is when you underwrote those properties how did you look at the required CapEx spend at the time of acquisition, and then how did you look at any future lease expirations that may come with some needed second-gen TI spend that could impact your FAD. I know most of your tenants are on longer-term leases so those expirations may be years away, but I'd just like to get a better understanding of expected TI spend in the future.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay. And then an extension of that, maybe one for you or John, but are physicians groups and healthcare systems, are they demanding more customized buildouts or configurations than, say, five or 10 years ago. Meaning has the cost of acquisition of a new lease inflated more than construction cost inflation, just curious to hear your thoughts there.
Jonathan Hughes: Okay, and then just one more. On the lease expirations for next year, granted it's pretty minimal at only 3% of AVR, but where are those rents relative to the market, I think I saw they were a little bit above the portfolio average? I get that it's market specific but just any color there.
