Mark Theine: Thanks Jeff. Our teams on the ground in our portfolio are healthy and continued to perform well in the third quarter. We remain focused on providing best in class service to our healthcare partners as they work tirelessly to offer compassionate care to COVID-19 patients as well as care for routine patients under enhanced safety guidelines. 100% of our facilities remain open and we have seen nearly all of our clinical lease space resume to pre-COVID office schedules and patient volumes. Tenant engagement in the buildings has also rebounded to near pre-COVID levels. Although the spread of COVID-19 continues to flare up in certain markets across the country our healthcare partners are much better prepared to operate in this new environment with larger inventory of PPE and enhanced social distancing and cleaning procedures. Despite the impact of COVID-19, DOC's operating results in the third quarter were steady. Strong tenant retention, renewal leasing spreads and above average leasing activity were positive signs of the strength and resilience of our tenants and the stability of our portfolio. During the quarter we completed a total of 335,000 square feet of leasing activity, the second highest quarterly volume in the history of the company including nearly 200 and 25000 square feet of early lease renewals. Tenant retention was 85% and renewal leasing spreads were positive 2.2%. Included in these early lease renewals is the multi-specialty practice John described earlier where we were able to successfully negotiate five-year lease extensions on 67,000 square feet in exchange for additional time to pay back four months of pass-through rent and late fees. These leases now extend into 2030 and were renewed early with a positive 3% leasing spread and no tenant improvement allowance or contraction and strong rental rates. In addition to the multi-specialty group, we also opportunistically executed a limited number of lease extensions providing tenants free rent in lieu of TI in exchange for long-term commitments to their suites averaging eight years and two months. While these leases totaled only about 86,000 square feet it's these types of mutually beneficial transactions that create exceptional long-term shareholder value. These leases generate an excellent net effective rent above underwriting, but the free rent does come with a short-term trade-off to same-store NOI growth of approximately $320,000 in Q3. As a result our MLB same store portfolio cash NOI growth was 0.8% due to this one-time concession, lower parking revenue from social distancing limitations within our garages and slightly lower occupancy from one 20,000 square foot suite that was discussed last quarter. Notably our operating expenses for the same store portfolio were flat during the quarter overall, but we did notice a $0.5 million drop in utility expense for the quarter as several of our recent LED lighting and MEP upgrades provided additional lease efficiencies. These savings should be routine. We did have a year-over-year increase of 0.4 million in janitorial expense and maintenance payroll due to COVID-19, which we anticipate the decline over time. Turning to our CapEx investments for the quarter, we once again proactively managed our recurring CapEx investment to 5.3 million or 7% of cash NOI. Year-to-date DOC has invested 13.2 million in recurring CapEx projects and expects to fall within the $17 million to $19 million full year CapEx guidance adjusted earlier in the year. Finally, our asset management team's keen focus on operational excellence and outstanding customer service shine this quarter in the results of our 2020 Kingsley Associates Tenant Satisfaction survey. This year we surveyed nearly 500 tenants representing 4.8 million square feet. Physicians Realty Trust receives a strong 69% response rate despite the ongoing COVID pandemic. Typical response rates for these surveys are between 45% and 55% so a 69% response rate demonstrates the exceptional relationship between our asset management team and our healthcare partners. We also earned a company score in overall management satisfaction a 4.44 out of 5.0 with scores on COVID-19 communication and cleaning protocols exceeding the peer group. I'd like to end by recognizing the outstanding efforts of those on our operations team who have executed consistently during the challenges of the past several months. Thanks to a team effort focused on long-term value creation and growth we had another solid quarter that validates both the quality of our portfolio and our earnings. With that I'll turn the call back over to John. 
Mark Theine: Hi morning Michael. This is Mark. So the same story this quarter was impacted by some of the COVID related items that we mentioned including parking and the one vacancy that we have in Tennessee and we've got some good leasing activity to help that rebound here as we enter fourth quarter and pursuing the 2021. Our parking revenue specifically, we're seeing rebounding off the lows in the second quarter and the one garage where it's not quite getting this all the way back is really a result of valet services that are just resuming now. So the cars and the patients are there, but there's some incremental margin on valet services that should help us rebound in our same store next quarter.
Mark Theine: Sure. Mark again. So leasing activity was the second highest quarter we've ever had in the history of the company. A lot of that was early renewals so as you mentioned net absorption did fall a little bit mentioning that same one suite that we're working on leasing up. And then we did have a second largest suite in Atlanta that we vacated because the hospital wanted to take that suite. So that's under construction and we anticipate that being released up quickly. I mean overall, we're just seeing good leasing activity especially as services are being reserved on campus and inpatient and they are moving off campus into our outpatient buildings where we don't have as many public patients there. So it seems good leasing activity there.
Mark Theine: Yes absolutely. That's consistent what we're seeing with the results of COVID people looking to expand, take additional space of course as for 96% least, but we're working hard to fill up the remaining spaces.
Mark Theine: Yes. Great question Connor. This is Mark. So far this year we've tackled just under a million dollars of LED lighting upgrade and MEP upgrades to just help the overall efficiency on our utility expense and also repairs expense associated with the building. Those projects are typically amortized and passed back through to the buildings, but yet the tenants are still recognizing savings by the overall drop in utility expense. So we've got more of those projects planned in 2021 and again with our triple net lease structure nearly all of our leases are triple net. So the expenses are passing back through to the tenants of the building in this case the savings are passing back through to the tenants of the buildings, but we'll try and recapture some of that on the releasing spreads as well. 
John Thomas: Thank you, Mark and Jeff. As we look forward, it appears we may have a new administration, but perhaps a split in congress. History suggests this will not result in any major changes in existing healthcare policy and payment systems, but the new administration can do many things administratively that can expand coverage under the affordable care act and impact the scope of care provided in hospitals and in outpatient facilities. The ACA Bipartisan Legislation and commercial insurers all agree care should be provided where clinically appropriate in the lowest cost setting. Indeed recent CMS proposed regulations suggest eliminating the inpatient only payment system within Medicare entirely thus further incentivizing the transition of care to outpatient facilities like we own. We also anticipate inpatient hospitals be encouraged to transform their facilities and services to prepare for the next pandemic leading to more pressure on hospital capital. These pressures should cause hospitals to consider MLB monetization and more demand for third-party capital for medical office and outpatient facilities. We are prepared to capture these opportunities. We're now happy to address your questions. 
John Thomas: Yes. It's a great result for us and it's just it's a very large tenant that occupies a substantial part of space in five different buildings. So the biggest impact on all of our practices that had to either shut down or reduce care, reduce time of services during April and May in particular March and April with the lack of PPE some personal protective equipment, mask, gowns things like that. So that supply chain has really come back strong. There are new manufacturers being that have been established and are opening up in the United States to shorten the supply chain if you will. So we don't think that'll have an impact on, it shouldn't have an impact like it did in April, May. We're wealthy well the system will be able to keep providing care particularly the outpatient off-campus locations because that's where the non-COVID patients needed to go and wanted to go and will continue to go for their care in instead of deferring that. So again it's an outstanding result with that attendance a large multi-specialty physician group now historically very strong. As we've talked about they're part of a their joint venture with the health system and they we anticipate that will continue to get stronger. So we don't see it as a risk of extending those leases in fact is a very positive result with the increase and no TI and no lease commissions, which typically is requiring an individual particular of that size.
John Thomas: Yes. This is JT, in the survey showed what we've always anticipated certainly didn't anticipate a pandemic further enhancing the drive for consumerism for patients wanting to go to more convenient locations and for physicians wanting to be in more convenient locations to their home and schools as well. So we think the evidence is very clear that people don't if they don't have COVID or don't think they have COVID, they don't want to go anywhere near a hospital and it realized itself or evidenced in May and June when their outpatient surgical facilities away from the hospital campuses had had expanded hours to take care of all the patients they couldn't take care of in April because of the lack of masks and gowns. So that has continued obviously that kind of the backlog has been restored and you come back to more normal hours, but if you look at the kind of our balances and things like that it's mostly beyond campus, small on campus tenants that have been slower to kind of get back to full-time schedules and as Mark mentioned the parking revenue again the evidence is that as well. So the traffic flow there is getting back to normal, but it's still not back where it was whereas in our off-campus locations they're full and open and operating. 
John Thomas: Yes. Jason, I'm not sure that the data point in the 7% to 8%. We quoted 5.8% yields on that first year yield on the Ascension acquisition and our seven day was kind of early in the last coming seven days you may be referring to maybe a long-term IRR calculation that 5.8% is the first year yields not our long-term IRR debt. Long term IRR will be in that 7% to 8% range or more on that asset.
John Thomas: Yes. Most of what we're really pursuing right now is one-off off-market opportunities one to two Z kind of acquisitions. So it's a combination of physicians providers that own the buildings that looking to monetize. We've had a couple of deals where the health systems were also involved or all are also involved in the ownership of the asset and then developers and other aggregators if you will kind of out trying to capture pricing in this market, but we think the market is pretty stable. There are lots of good opportunities out there. No real large portfolios that we've seen, but again, where we do the best and is in the direct negotiation with providers and the developers working with those providers to acquire the assets both those examples we talked about today are tied to the Ascension health system the largest, second largest health system in the country. One in Indiana and one in Pensacola and we've continued to work with them wherever we can. 
John Thomas: Yes. I think there's a huge pipeline excuse me a huge uptick obviously in May and June and July to make that for March and April. I think case slows back to kind of normal volumes now so like pre-COVID monthly volumes, but picking up. We're not seeing people deferring care and I think communities even with COVID spiking many locations around the country to worse levels than they were in April and May. We're not seeing any impact on their outpatient care facilities and particularly those away from the hospital campuses. 
John Thomas: Yes. Thank you all for joining us this morning. We know it's tough times and we appreciate the audience and the questions and we look forward to seeing you and your clients and other investors during [Indiscenrible]. Thank you. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes Michael, good morning. This is Jeff, we've got about a 100 million either in PSAs or signed LOIs and we've got a good pipeline in addition to that really building for 2021. So I'm not really prepared to predict the size of that pipeline yet. We'll have acquisition guidance on our next call for 2021, but right now we're really excited about what we're pursuing.
Jeff Theiler: Hi Amanda. This is Jeff. No. Look I think we're still going to be conservative on the balance sheet. Obviously there are a lot of questions with COVID how it's going to progress through the winter and into next year. So I think it still makes sense to be conservative at this point. We continue. We evaluate it every month and we'll change our strategy when that's appropriate.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. That's a great question. This is Jeff. So when we look at whenever we're looking at new acquisitions we're trying to do two things we're trying to increase the quality of the portfolio and we're trying to drive accretive growth for the shareholders at the same time. So as we look at where our stock price has been trading I guess today and most of the year really there's a, it's definitely possible to accomplish both of those objectives with the pipeline that we see right now and with the pricing that we're seeing right now. So I think we're in a good spot from a cost of capital standpoint to drive external growth and complete our pipeline. To add to that that we're very conservatively levered right now. So we do have the option and the opportunity to execute on certain investments if our stock price temporarily drops because we've got a little bit of dry powder stored up on the balance sheet, but even on a just a go forward basis I think we're in a great spot to continue to grow through into next year for sure. 
