John Thomas: Chad, its JT. I think the fourth quarter pipeline started building up, again with the improvement in our cost of capital. It gave us the freedom to get more aggressive out in the market. But I think everyone of our transactions, in 2019 was off market. And most of our pipeline right now is kind of one-off, off-market transactions with either developers or directly with providers, in the markets that they -- where they're located. So, yeah, there's always a rumor about portfolios coming out. But right now, we're very focused on kind of the onesie-twosie transactions could be very accretive. And we can price in that range, that Jeff described.
John Thomas: We continue to -- it tends to not exclude on-campus, but most of our pipeline continue to be focused on off-campus, where again, they tend to be newer buildings. It's going to be better served by physicians and the providers that are there and more convenient to the patients. So, you'll continue to see that being a focus of our investment efforts. From time-to-time, we'll have a find a good on-campus building that we like with a health system, we want to work with.
John Thomas: Yeah. Chad. I mean, I think, we tapped the ATM in conjunction with our acquisition volume. So, we generally try to match fund deals when we can. And we'll kind of continue to have that strategy through 2020.
John Thomas: I think, we have the opportunity to -- the one building that we did at Delaware was a long-standing private investor that we've done in the business, with since the beginning of the company. So we tend to find one or two transactions a year to working with them, and it provides a good opportunity for future growth and building that we'd like to own completely ourselves at some point in time. The NBK and Anderson JV was very exciting to us primarily because of the scale and the opportunity to partner with them. They're high-quality investors in the space. There's foreign investor that they brought along as well. It's a good source of future capital for all of us, but more importantly as we've described this very strategic investment where we own some buildings on one campus. They own this portfolio included some other buildings on the same campus. And we're able to combine the efforts there and I think increase the value for everybody concerned. So the only thing it's just another good tool in the toolbox from a capital perspective. But in this particular case a very strategic alliance that we think will provide some opportunity for future growth.
John Thomas: Yeah, we got two or three consistent sources of opportunities, one, is our existing health system relationships and we're constantly in conversations with them around the country in their various markets. Two, is the developer relationships we have that have been consistently bringing this business again since the beginning of the county. And we see the pipelines that they have and the portfolio that they've developed. In some cases with our mezzanine financing, which provides some real for option or an option to acquire those buildings once they're completed. So we see a lot of those maturing this year. And then otherwise we just -- like I said with the increase in improvement in our cost of capital, Deeni and Dan and Mark Theine and his team have just been out locating new opportunities for us and the pipeline’s lost in this as well as a result.
John Thomas: At this point, I think that's the easy way to model it in Jordan. It seems like -- yeah, that would make sense.
John Thomas: Yeah, very simply that's the Birmingham campus, St. Vincent in Birmingham. So very strong -- it's part of the system, very strong hospital just aligned with UAB, which actually is the largest market share in that community, so strong academic environment. So there are six total billings in that campus, five of them are now in the JV. And the other one provides some flexibility to maybe redevelop that with the hospital in the future. So just really good opportunity for us short-term and long term.
John Thomas: We own three, they own three. We've put five of them in the JV together. The other one is outside the JV as we look to perhaps reposition or redevelop that one in the future just provide some flexibility.
John Thomas: Yes. So they were looking to recap the entire portfolio and invited us to evaluate that opportunity with them. And in the end, this is a strategic initiative for us, kind of created the impetus and the opportunity, but also just the potential capital, future capital opportunities with them. And then, again their model is to either sell or recap periodically and we'll be at the front of the line when that occurred with this entire portfolio. But again, our primary interest right now is the strategic management that we incorporated into the JV structure.
John Thomas: Yes. Jordan, there's a total recap of the portfolio and they brought in again a very high-quality European investors as part of the transaction.
John Thomas: That tend to be 2.5% and 59 buildings. So, it's building by building, but they range in that 2.5% to 3% kind of consistent with the rest of our portfolio.
John Thomas: A high-quality tenant base with Northwestern with Baylor and other Ascension facilities, so it's again, a very nice portfolio, a very nice opportunity for us to potentially grow in the future with these investors and also with -- indirectly.
John Thomas: We think a lot of our assets are worth that and particularly in any kind of portfolio range, but that's, again, not really our focus. As far as dispositions this year, we really haven't scheduled anything. At some point, once the LTACs are stabilized with the new operator there, we would like to sell those. It's not going to be a huge source of capital and it won't -- almost any definition will be dilutive, but it's not a huge number. It won't be that meaningful so -- 
John Thomas: Yes. Deeni is going to walk through some of the stats and we'll answer any more questions you've got about it.
John Thomas: Yes. We have some contractual rights, but it's primarily -- these are health systems that have their own ROFRs on the assets as well and they're existing clients of ours. So as you all know, we've been very fortunate and humbled by health systems bringing us ROFR -- Right of First Refusal that they have from time to time to acquire assets. So, again, I wouldn't expect it to be anything other than that market pricing. But, again, we -- by having the relationships that we already have, with, again, both the investors but also the health systems, we'd expect to be in the front of the line for those assets that we'd like to own long term.
John Thomas: Yes, great question. So we're kind of targeting and we think this is a reasonable amount of somewhere between $50 million and $100 million of new starts per year. We got just over the end of that last year just around $60 million of new starts last year that will come online this year. And so we're targeting at least that much or a similar amount for this year. So in these real system investment-grade credit 100% pre-leased kind of opportunities that we're looking at and we're working on a few right now that would be second half of the year starts. So that's kind of the we think that's a reasonable range based on our balance sheet but also just capital one-off kind of off-market relationship-driven development transactions that we'd like to pursue.
John Thomas: Pretty traditional structure between asset management and property management fees. Most of that's coming out of the tenants through the CAM charges as well so nothing exciting, nothing unusual.
John Thomas: No not really. That's looking at just the market pricing for assets on a one-off basis. Mark is really talking about when you get -- when we get to scale, there's a lot of economies of scale. So like Birmingham again the strategic relationship we have there that created enough scale for us to in-house all of the management there which we previously didn't have. Columbus, Ohio is another market where we've had a lot of growth and gotten to a scale point where we can manage, but we have a lot more growth opportunities there which again the economies of scale in the property management side are pretty accretive. So we don't factor that into the pricing per se, but it is certainly attractive benefit of the in-house management. As Mark said, there's a couple of markets -- three markets in particular, where we have a great management relationship. The data group in Minnesota and Phoenix and then RTG in Atlanta and we have others, but those three in particular markets where the relationship with the hospitals amongst the kind of the two parties is so strong. It's not some place, we would target to in-house asset management. It works well with being conducted today.
John Thomas: I think I think there's more competition for the off-campus buildings today just because of the evolution of people's thinking and understanding and targeting that more than they have in the past. Technically the 603 grandfathering has not changed. CMS keeps ignoring it and the courts keep telling them on a year-by-year basis that they got to follow the law. So technically that's not the direction. Congress will have to change that. CMS can do it laterally. Now they certainly can make it painful for the hospitals to recover those reimbursements and have so far. But we haven't seen any real change in strategies. We've been working with one hospital that spent a great deal of money to get -- to make sure they got a site within 250 yards of hospital campus, but it's really more about they want to de-camp the hospital so they can kind of re-improve it if you will or improve it from its historical real estate structure. And so they wanted to -- they need the new site to be closer to the hospital. So not changing the reimbursement as they kind of de-camp the hospital and focus on outpatient care and then move forward in the other direction. Most of the new developments we're seeing are off-campus with these health systems. The two we're funding are right now are off-campus.
John Thomas: That's a great question, Dan. No, there's some opportunity to grow the joint venture. There's a couple of projects under development within -- inside the joint venture, and then there's some provisions around growth of the -- where our buildings are located, where the JV buildings are located to accrue to the benefit of the JV versus in the individual members of the joint venture. So, there's some growth opportunities. But right now that's -- again the focus is for us is around the assets we're managing.
John Thomas: Yeah. It'd be case-by-case. I mean contractually, we'd be required to maintain our interest, but again to be case-by-case as to how those get funded.
John Thomas: Yeah. We don't have any purchase options really across the portfolio outside FMB and really more about ROFR, right of first refusal, could drive the sell of building. So, nothing mature in the next 24 months or next 10 years rather than I can think about, or think of. 2026 is a daily focus of Mark and his team and most of that is CHI-affiliated hospitals. And so, you really need to have we're working with them on space planning or new space, or changes to those buildings that usually comes with a change in the lease term to get it out of the 2026 year. So, we'll continue to reduce the concentration of that year to over time.
John Thomas: It runs market-by-market. So there's essentially a master lease in each market. Each building has its own lease. It's essentially all under one tenant in that local market. And then, again those would all tie to a specific year.
John Thomas: Right. No, when we moved all those leases to the University of Louisville. I mean it's just a wholesale change of the…
John Thomas: And with the landlord achieve in the name dependent on those leases, and this a supplement and transition. So...
John Thomas: These are one-off. Like I said, the one single deal in Delaware is frankly, they just got to the building what we did, and brought the opportunity to co-invest with them. So, it was part of the -- again, their long-term exit strategy would be ideally to us, as for us as well. The team MACRA was again much -- for us much more focus on the strategic value of that relationship. But also, again, these are good high quality partners, the European investors, high-quality investor and organization. We would look in the future, in the right situation for deploying capital together again. So, one-off situation, but there's a lot of capital out there, as you all know, chasing these assets. And so, there are more opportunities with different rationales to partner with third parties. But we like our cost of capital right now. So that's not our first option, our first choice for deploying capital.
John Thomas: Yeah, John, I wouldn't just drive it as a shift, as much as it is. We've always had a kind of a bias towards the Off campus, but anchored by a health system and/or large physician group and the multi-specialty or fourth big group being the -- the best example across our portfolio. But, I wouldn't call it a shift as much as it is. We're comfortable kind of concentrating our efforts there. We think the pricing and the returns are better and should be better on the off-campus buildings. And again, not to the exclusion of good on-campus buildings we find from time-to-time.
John Thomas: We don't think about it that way. But again, I'd say 60/40 off to on and it could be, 80-20 or 95 on top of that, but we don't think about it like that. Right now in our current pipeline, near-term pipeline it's almost all off-campus. So we'll see, how the year plays out.
John Thomas: Yeah. So it's -- for us on-campus is -- we follow the 250-yard rule just keep it simple. And that again has a reimbursement differential. So it's a good way to -- good rule of thumb to follow and be consistent. So something outside of 250 yards, but across the street would be adjacent.
John Thomas: Yeah. We appreciate your interest this morning. We think 2019 was a great year. And we think 2020 is really setting up well to be an outstanding year of growth and healthy portfolio for us. So we look forward to seeing you at the various investor conferences in the near-term and happy to follow-up. Thank you.
Daniel Bernstein: Good morning. I have a couple of follow-up questions on the PMAC JV. Is the JV intended to be kind of just static recapitalization? Or are there actually any intentions to grow the joint venture? I wasn't quite clear on that.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. Okay. And then the other question is, and this is really far off. But, I mean, you have a 2026 expirations at 24 -- I think it's 24% of ABR, little expirations between now and then. I just wanted to understand if there were any purchase options that are open or will come open that we should be thinking about our modeling say, in the next 24 months. Just don't want to have any surprises that we're not modeling or thinking about.
Daniel Bernstein: Okay. Well, I don't normally offer congrats on costs. But those were good JV transactions, so congratulation.
