James Flaherty: Thank you, John. Welcome to HCP's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning are Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen. Let us begin with our results, and for those, I turn the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: No, I don't think the -- what we're looking at is a function of our outperformance that we're realizing. I think we're going to -- given our 5x5 platform, we're going to see opportunities across all of our 5 property types, including senior housing, and then up and down our 5 property types, be it development, mezz  debt investing, joint venture opportunities or just fee simple real estate. So I don't think that's the cause. I do think our results make us -- our results and the different ways in which we play the space, be it development, joint venture, mezz debt or fee simple ownership, make us a better informed and hopefully a wiser acquirer of properties in terms of both the economics and the structures we employ. 
James Flaherty: No, not at all, Jeff. That's no blubber, either. We'll leave it to others to slice, dice and analyze the NIC data after the fact. Our job is to anticipate the trends and make strategic decisions to take advantage before they become reality. So as my comments reflect, we've been very active on the development front for the last 3 years in senior housing. And up until this morning, you can see we've been somewhat guarded on the program's success. But, I mean, these are attractive returns we're being able to realize, attractive spreads to the current acquisition cap rates.  I think they make us a better buyer in terms of -- better buyer of senior housing properties in terms of understanding replacement costs. But at the end of the day, Jeff, big picture is that our income streams in senior housing, because of the outsized rent escalators and because of the triple-net structures, they provide a fair amount of insulation from competition of new supply relative to where we took -- owned our current portfolio in more of a RIDEA structure. So, again, we were fortunate to see this trend. We've profited from it, for our shareholders, in terms of the development initiatives we have. We're very comfortable with our existing portfolio's insulation from that. And hopefully, we'll continue to be able to take advantage of the ever-growing demand for senior housing product in the coming period. 
James Flaherty: No, the protocol for the industry is that, that's reviewed by external third-party experts twice a year. So... 
James Flaherty: Yes. If you just want to isolate the impact of the charge, absolutely. I think you're going to have some other things happening quite, quite favorably. But if you just want to zero in on the impact of the reserve rolling off, that's true. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think when I talk about economics, I would -- it's a whole host of things, some of which is cap rates, some of which is the amount of capital that's needed to invest in the properties, some of which would be the -- if it's a triple-net structure, the magnitude of the escalators. So it's a whole host of issues that get factored in. But -- so I think that's the -- how to respond to your question on the economics. I think with respect to where the deals are, I mean, they're still there. I think -- yes, I think sellers are going to adjust their expectations, not with the frequency that the capital market adjusts. So we've seen -- as an example since May 22, we've seen -- we've kind of cuffed the increase in our cost of capital at about 110 basis points. And we have a first-class junior professional who runs that algorithm, that model for us. And I think -- I don't think he's ever run it as frequently as he have in the last 2 months. But the reality is,  while our cost of capital has adjusted very quickly, sellers' expectations don't adjust that quickly. So I suspect, like I said, I think the pause button has been hit. And I suspect you'll see a good portion, if not all, of those transactions come back, albeit on revised terms. 
James Flaherty: Well, everything's on the table with all of our assets. Tim is fond of saying we love our assets, but we're not in love with our assets. So yes, we're not big fans of the LTACH space. I think we've gotten just 3 of them. Those 3 are all with kindred master leased with coverages that are substantially above 10.  So the near-term mitigation is -- there is no near-term mitigation required.  At some point, we'll look at opportunities. I think the expiration of that particular master lease is still a couple of years out. But, yes, I think the takeaway there is that we're not a big fan of LTACHs. Particularly, when we see what's going on with our HCR portfolio, where you've got a lower-cost setting, it's kind of clear what's going to happen here, Jack. As a private sector, most notably, managed care, becomes more influential in driving where these outcomes go, they'll be driven away from the higher-cost inpatient rehab and LTACH settings to the lower-cost post-acute setting. So that's just a natural progression in terms of our viewpoint on where all this is going to end up. 
James Flaherty: Well, it's playing out right now. Yes, this isn't a function of this week's CMS reimbursement outcome. This is playing out in the marketplace. The big picture is you've got declining government reimbursement. Guess what, country can't afford 21% of their GDP going in health care. And the platforms that will be advantaged here in the coming couple of years is the time frame this is going to be play out, Jack, in our low-cost, high-quality settings that got concentrated to high-market share platforms. And you've heard me analogize what's going to play out in the health care space to what played out in the aerospace/defense industry in the last part of the decade of the '80s. And if you want to watch that movie, just pull up a chair, sit down and grab some popcorn. It's happening literally this week in the hospital space. You've seen Tenet and Vanguard come together. You see Community Health and HMA. It's just going to continue to play out this way across all these sectors. You're going to have these huge, enormous operating platforms get created. Volumes are going to go up. Revenues are going to go up quite a bit, albeit at lower margins. And that's how this is going to play out over the next couple of years. And at the end of the day, in post-acute, if you've got the lowest-cost setting and the highest-quality outcomes, that's why these relationships that HCR has cut with the UnitedHealths  of the world, where they're partnered on these CMS test cases, are just so important, if you can just see it kind of play out during  the next couple of years. 
James Flaherty: Well, Manny,  we look at everything. I mean, that's our business. The deals that we ultimately close on in order to get through the filter of what we're looking at to what we have closed on is very, very small, certainly less than 10% of what we look at. In the hospital space, we've obviously and kind of uniquely -- I want to make sure we're talking about acute care hospitals, not rehab hospitals or LTACHs. But the acute care hospital, that's what created this company back in 1985 when Ken Roath took it public. We were seated from National Medical Enterprises with a couple of acute care hospitals, and then we acquired a few more as we bought out AMI's REIT at the end of 1990. So we understand the space. We've got 2 absolute jewels in our portfolio. I think a lot of you have seen Medical City Dallas, and I think some of you have seen our Hoag Hospital. I would say that for good hospitals located in growing urban areas with good market share, ultimately, the best buyer for those are going to be strategic buyers, particularly with what's going on with the Affordable Care Act, where you're going to benefit highly concentrated market share. So that's -- I think it's going to be difficult for any PropCo buyer structure to be competitive with what a strategic buyer would pay. But notwithstanding that, every now and then, opportunities pop up. I think Medical City Dallas is a good example, where you had a different dynamic, you had a low tax basis driving the seller's motivations there and we were able to add to our portfolio, quite frankly, the premier acute care hospital in the HCA empire. So we stay current, we look at everything, but at the end of the day, what comes through the filter in terms of what we put at the portfolio is a very, very small fraction of that. 
James Flaherty: No, we don't -- we typically don't comment, Manny, on -- we'll tell you everything and then some about the deals we close, but the current state of the pipeline or the deals we're chasing or the deals that we passed on, we traditionally don't give any -- provide any color on this. 
James Flaherty: Yes.  At the end of the day, everything starts and ends with our 5x5 model. So obviously, we had gotten quite current and quite smart on the U.K. caregiving market a year or so ago following the Four Seasons deal. And Paul and I spent a reasonable amount of time over there in the last 6, 9 months, and we had an opportunity to partner with one of our other very close relationships that we've just structured a separate transaction with. And we created a partnership here, and that's going to work out quite well. 
James Flaherty: I think the magnitude of the opportunities over in the U.K., I don't know if you're comparing that to our senior housing development program, I would tell you that the senior housing development program is more of a kind of a flow business. We've got 7 communities in there, then separately, we've got the Hyde Park community that we're going to ring the cash register on later this year. That's more of a flow of properties coming in. We've got a very good development partner there. The U.K. opportunities are much more lumpy. If you think back in terms of what's happened here from our sector-leading  debt platform, you've got to be thinking more of a Genesis, HCA, HCR sort of dynamic. So  that looks different, but at the end of the day, the skill sets and the ability to execute in a timely fashion are the same. 
James Flaherty: Well, again, it's tough to generalize. So for example, in a senior housing loan program, I'll tell you that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to replicate the economics in today's market that we were able to achieve when we launched the senior housing development program 2 years ago. And that's a function of there are more banks getting more comfortable, for whatever reason, to being a provider of construction loans. So that's -- I don't really  think that has anything to do with rising interest rates. I think rising interest rates are probably going to manifest itself more from a standpoint of the private equity sector, maybe looking with some increased urgency to either exit or recapitalize existing positions now, given the move in rates and the speculation that continued tapering will march those rates higher. So kind of 2 different dynamics, Rich. 
James Flaherty: We approach all the market the same, Mike. We have a 5x5 model, and we look at everything that's out there. And we figure out on a risk-adjusted basis where the cream is. And we like to skim the cream and go forward from there. We've obviously developed -- particularly the U.K. market -- a fair amount of institutional knowledge on that space and institutional relationships and things like that. But everything goes through the same filter within the same 5x5 strategic model. 
James Flaherty: Again, that's one of the cornerstones of our 5x5 model. As you know, it's the preponderance of our 5x5 model from a product standpoint. We've got -- I think well over 95% of the entire investment portfolio is in fee simple real estate. So that's absolutely our default option. Every now and then, some opportunities present themselves that not only are very good risk-adjusted return opportunities for our shareholders but, importantly, provide some optionality to transition a debt investment to real estate. We like those and we're real high on  those sorts of opportunities. 
James Flaherty: Yes. We'd probably be -- I think it's going to be a function of which of the 5 property types you're talking about. But I think in terms of where we would be comfortable, the high end of the range you just cuffed would be the low end of the range that we just start to get interested in. So it'd have to be at least that sort of adjustment. 
James Flaherty: Again,  stay tuned. As I mentioned earlier, a very small portion of the opportunities that reside in our company at any given point in time end up being moved into the end zone in terms of points on the board, but we're extremely active across each of our 5 property types and up and down that 5x5 model right now, extremely active. 
James Flaherty: I would say that I think redevelopment, we've done a fair amount of that, almost all of which has been in our life science and Medical Office Buildings sectors. I think you're going to continue to see us redevelop our portfolio. We like our portfolio. There's no obvious candidates aside from the handful of properties that are subject to purchase options that we anticipate exiting our portfolio. So maintaining and upgrading the properties that are in our portfolio, with an eye towards increasing the income stream from those, that's a very high priority. It's -- quite frankly, with the asset management skill sets we have that exist for -- independently for each of our 5 property types, that, quite frankly, is what those professionals spend the preponderance of their time on. 
James Flaherty: Well, sure. I mean, yes, those are -- absolutely, it's right there. At the end of the day, I can only speak for our model. Things still need to clear the bar, whether it's price relative to replacement costs, or FAD accretion, or nominal cap rates, or in the case where we're looking at a RIDEA structure, economic cap rates. But from a spread standpoint, you take an unlevered IRR and you compare that to a weighted average cost of capital in the hospital space, to be very specific with the question you asked, we're going to require a higher return there. Because of our 5 property types, the hospital sector is the least real estate-intensive,  most operating-intensive  of our 5 sectors. So at the end of the day, we'll look at those returns. And, again,  my comments on the earlier question about chances are strategics are going to conclude that they're better off owning the real estate, and they're going to be prepared to pay more than the health care REITs. I think there will be exceptions to that, but I think that's going to be more the norm, Rob. 
James Flaherty: They've done a great job managing their costs, so I think that's a push anybody counted on at the beginning of the year, some of the softness in the patient and the admission volumes you've seen in the sector. Notwithstanding that, they are continuing to generate a substantial amount of free cash flow after rent, after interest expense, after CapEx. So they're -- and more importantly than anything else, they're gaining market share. So this is -- they're positioned quite well for what's going to come down the road during  the next 12 to 18 months with an increased penetration of managed care, basically doing a lot of what the government hasn't been able to do, which is to direct patient outcomes to lower-cost, high-quality settings. 
James Flaherty: No. Again, we underwrite everything with a 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity long-term capital structure. Importantly, for the people on this call, for the 40 parts  that is debt, we put 0 component floating rate debt in there. It's all 10-year unsecured at our current levels, which is a function obviously of where the 10-year treasury is and our indicated spread to that 10-year treasury. So we look at everything that way. And the rating agencies understand that, and they're very comfortable with that. Away from that, we've got balance sheet maturities that have been laddered out quite well by Tim and Matt. And as they come up, we look at that. I think in particular, right now, we're also mindful of the fact that we're likely to have some capital coming back to us with respect to the Barchester payoff that we expect will happen in 2 months and then with the purchase options on Tenet hospitals. So all that goes into the thought process, but we wouldn't be changing our proclivity to either employ higher leverage or the frequency with which we visit the capital markets because of what's happened in the interest rate complex. 
James Flaherty: Well, that would have to be negotiated with the creditor group. Again, I think based on what we know, I think that's highly unlikely. I think the high probability outcome there is a part payoff for the entire PropCo debt stack. 
James Flaherty: Well, again, we're looking at -- we're primarily focused on FAD. Our FAD, as Tim made mention in his comments, our FAD guidance for this year, we just increased by $0.05, Todd. 
James Flaherty: Yes. A blended -- at a blended, we've got 2 tranches there, not 3, 2 tranches. And at a blended average yield there of kind of low 13s, given the cash flow coverage and the quality of that real estate, we think that approximates market today. 
James Flaherty: No. I mean, they've done a good job, and as I mentioned, the debt service coverage there is just over 1.8x. So we feel very, very good about that investment. 
James Flaherty: Oh, I think you'll see that start to happen second half of this year. You've got the admissions situation with acute care hospitals, I think that is what that is. I think you and others on this call have written extensively about the impact on the acute care hospital. With the effective implementation of the Affordable Care Act, hospital volumes are going to spike just because you've got more individuals that are going to be covered by insurance. And so that's a real important fact. Now given HCR's model, that's going to, just as night follows day, drive significantly higher volumes for HCR. The quid pro quo is those volumes will be at lower margins. But, I mean, that's a significant business fundamental that's out there just waiting to come into fruition once the Affordable Care Act is up and running. 
James Flaherty: Stay tuned, Tayo. Again, we have a fundamental tradition of not telegraphing our -- either the amount or the timing of our acquisition activity. So when we're talking about either quarter-over-quarter 15% increase in FAD per share or year-over-year for this year 12% FAD increase, that's all organic, plus last year's activity. So anything we do most effectively is going to be the additive to those results. 
James Flaherty: Oh, absolutely. It's just going to be a  tidal wave over the next couple of years, an absolute tidal wave. 
James Flaherty: Well, there's multi-tranches underneath that lease, Ross. And one of the lease components in future years rolls down, and it's  really the burn-off  of a TI loan. That's the way to think about it. That's the best way  to think about it, burn-off  of a capital improvement loan. 
James Flaherty: Well, we obviously know quite a bit. I think for a second -- third most important issue is that our sympathies are with the families whose loved ones was involved with the incident. But away from that, we've got a concentrated number of relationships with a handful of senior housing operators. And we think very highly of the quality of the care and the clinical protocols that those companies provide. And so away from that, probably most appropriate to direct your questions to those entities involved. So that's how I'd  respond to that, Ross. 
James Flaherty: No, no. I mean, it was a CMBS structure that was put in place, Michael, back,  it was '07. So they had the deal they were signed up for. We are looking at September 30, a hard, hard maturity. 
James Flaherty: That's probably something that you ought to address just to them. From our standpoint, ourselves, our  joint venture partner felt -- did feel and continue to feel quite good about the underlying collateral and the likelihood of the September 30 result that we anticipate. 
James Flaherty: At this point, yes. I mean, obviously, when we make these investments -- at the time we made the investment, anytime we make an investment like this, we're constantly looking at the potential or the optionality to have that end up with a fee simple ownership in the underlying real estate. And that was  absolutely important element of what we saw here. But we just couldn't make the numbers work to get to that result. And so we're going -- we've got the bird in the hand, and then we'll move on to the next opportunity. 
James Flaherty: Yes. I don't think anything's on a complete halt, but maybe you can help me answer the question. What's  your -- you mentioned something about 80%. I didn't quite understand... 
James Flaherty: Yes. That hasn't changed at all. But when you have a weighted average, at least I can only  speak to our business model, but when you have 110-basis-point  change in about the 3 or 4 weeks time in your cost of capital and you're looking at an array of investments, which we look at in a number of different metrics, replacement costs, FAD accretion, cap rate, but one of the important ones we look at is spread relative to our weighted average cost of capital, so if the weighted average cost of capital spikes by 110 basis points, that's going to certainly give us pause to look at what the revised and more realistic economics are on some of these things. But the deals themselves, the proclivity for the sellers involved to move forward, that hasn't changed at all. So I suspect, as I mentioned in response to one of my earlier questions, the markets move more quickly than do seller's expectations. And I suspect this will sort itself out. And I think you'll see in the second half of the year, you'll start to see some acceleration, but it's obviously been a shock to the system. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think certainly, the Barchester opportunity, that was something that, all other things being equal, you might very well like to move forward on in terms of the underlying real estate. So I think -- now I think you're going to see that situation result in a par payoff. So that will be one example of where something is likely not to come back, but I think that will be more in the minority of the opportunities that we have in the pipeline right now. 
James Flaherty: A little bit. I think even post-May 22, I think a lot of the distressed debt play has kind of gone away. There's more capital out there, the underlying portfolios are improving. So the distressed seller of debt, I think that's either they're going to hold on or they'll wait until maturity and take a  par payoff. So I think that opportunity is not what it was a couple of years ago. Notwithstanding that, I mean, then you see you have a situation like we had 2 in the quarter that present themselves, but those are more needle in the haystack opportunities today. Away from that, I think whether it's in hospital land or post-acute land or senior housing land, you're going to continue to see consolidation activity. You've got a very fragmented industry that's quite large and the ability to realize cost synergies and increase market share in concentrated geographic areas. That's not going.  If anything, that's going to accelerate. So I think you'll continue to see a lot of activity. And then that presents -- as a collateral benefit with the health care REITs, that creates an opportunity for us and our colleagues. And oftentimes, it's even more attractive than that because we've got -- with existing relationships and investments, we have somewhat of a seat at the table on those sort of situations. So I don't think there's been  any change at all in the fundamental driver for the external growth aspects of the space. 
James Flaherty: Okay, everyone. Enjoy the rest of your summer, get a break and we'll see everybody in the fall. Take care. 
Timothy Schoen: No, it was leased at the high $2, and, again, I'm a West Coast guy, but $2 and -- a high $2 range on a monthly related basis. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. Yes, man, you're right, that's related to that hospital. It's a long-term lease with multi-tranches, but it related an over-accrual to straight-line rent. And it's a onetime charge that represented the accumulative adjustment. There's multiple tranches underneath that lease. And there was 1 tranche -- the lease runs through 2025. And there's 1 tranche that has a roll-down  many years in the future, and that hadn't been accounted for. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, that adjustment didn't affect FAD, Rob, but the $0.62, $0.63 is a pretty good run rate for the quarter. That was unaffected by any onetime items. 
Timothy Schoen: Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes. I got you. For the overall company, a good run rate for the quarter is about $11 million a quarter, Rob. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, we don't really have very much moving around on the balance sheet, Todd, but for what we do, the remaining maturities this year have a coupon of -- in place coupon of 5.9%. And we could do much, much better than that in the unsecured markets on a 10-year deal. 
Michael Bilerman: Right. I just didn't know if they had the opportunity to buy back now for the price you did versus the confidence you have that they'll pay par for it in September 30. They could have obviously earned -- I'm very glad that you're earning almost $20 million in profit, but I was just trying to put those 2 together, if they had the opportunity to buy it versus paying par in September 30, why they wouldn't have done that. 
Michael Bilerman: You don't view this as going into a potential transaction where you get hold of real estate or participate in some larger -- you view this really as just an investment pure payoff and you move on. 
Michael Bilerman: Great. And then just lastly, just a little bit more on the deal environment. You dial back to late April when we have the call, and you talked a lot about how comprehensive the deals that you were looking at, not only by property type but also by size, the different types of sellers that were out there being very varied, talked about your 5x5 model and said, "Look, it's 80%-plus in terms of being able to fill up that chart in terms of where we're seeing opportunities and where we're evaluating things." And from your other comments, it now sounds like everything has sort of been on pause. I'm just wondering maybe you can sort of drill down a little bit about which sort of opportunities and which sort of deals do you think are the first to come back and which ones -- or which sectors may be still be percolating versus just being a complete halt on what was a very, very  large deal environment for you. 
Michael Bilerman: You said last time, so you -- going back to the first quarter call, you said 5x5, you have 25 boxes, your quote was  80% of the page would be lit up with opportunities. 
