Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. We're happy to report another strong quarter of operations and acquisition activity. Our third quarter 2015 funds from operations or FFO were $16 million or $0.21 per diluted share. Our normalized FFO, which added back $3.3 million of acquisition expenses and some other small normalizing adjustments were $19.3 million. Normalized funds from operations per share was $0.26 per share, which represents a year-over-year increase of 53% from the third quarter 2014 normalized FFO per share of $0.17. Normalized funds available for distribution or FAD for the third quarter were approximately $16.9 million or $0.23 per diluted share. Importantly, this quarter marks a milestone for our Company in which we for the first time achieved our stated goal of covering our quarterly dividend, a testament to the success of our disciplined investment program and the strength of our operating portfolio. We achieved record investment results this quarter adding 11 medical office building properties and one mezzanine loan investment. The investments this quarter totaled $297 million, expanding our asset base by about 25%, and were achieved in an average first year unlevered cash yield to 6.7%. Had we acquired all these assets at the beginning of the quarter, they would have contributed an additional $2.7 million of cash NOI to our portfolio. In this past quarter as we have throughout the life of our Company, we source many of these deals through relationships which we believe enables us to achieve higher risk adjusted returns for our shareholders. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter, we close on $53.5 million of additional investments. For the year, we have closed on $741.6 million of investments, putting us at the bottom end of the upsized $700 million to $900 million of full year 2015 investment guidance that we announced on our second quarter earnings call. We are evaluating an increasing pipeline of potential opportunities and expect to continue to execute our growth strategy in the highly fragmented medical office building sector. We utilize our line of credit to fund our acquisition activity in the third quarter ending on September 30 with a balance of $473 million. Our debt to gross asset at the end of the third quarter was 38.4%, and our net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was 5.9X. In keeping with our strategy of maintaining a conservative capital structure to position our Company for a long-term sustainable growth, we executed a follow on offering in October at $15 per share. The upsized offering generated net proceeds of $226.3 million, $225 million of that offering was used to pay down our line of credit, with $1.3 million contributed towards acquisitions made subsequent to the end of the third quarter. Pro forma for the pay down of the line of credit and the $53.5 million of acquisition subsequent to the end of the quarter our debt to gross assets would be 26%. We continue to work on finalizing our first long-term debt issuances and expect to announce an agreement before the end of the year. On a 10 year basis, pricing is now anticipated to be slightly better than the range we announced last quarter of treasuries plus 225 to 250 basis points. Our portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well, and was 95.5% leased at the end of the third quarter. Our same-store portfolio which encompasses about 37% of our total NOI, grew cash NOI at 2.3% year-over-year which was primarily driven by contractual rent increases and a 30 basis point improvement in occupancy. This was partially offset by a 4.6% increase in operating expenses driven by additional insurance expense incurred in the third quarter of about $70,000. Finally, our general and administrative cost for the third quarter were $4.0 million, which was primarily driven by salary expense and about $275,000 of one-time rating agency fees. We expect to incur a similar G&A expense in the fourth quarter which will put us at the high end of the $14 million to $15 million range we estimated at the beginning of the year. We continue to work diligently toward reducing our G&A below 1% of assets. All-in-all, our portfolio is continuing to perform well, our pipeline of potential opportunities remains as big as ever and we are exceptionally well positioned to continue to execute on our disciplined growth strategy in the fourth quarter of this year and into 2016. With that, I'll turn it back over to John.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, sure Juan. So latest thoughts on private placement market, the size is likely to be around $150 million and we'd expect to become a private placement market, you typically are trenching that out in several different countries but kind of average maturity of 10 years or so.
Jeff Theiler: Sure Dan, it's Jeff. Yes it was little bit larger than normal and primarily what that related to as we had about $1.5 million of additional CapEx associated with our office build out of the new Dock Headquarters.
Jeff Theiler: No, that was just pro forma for the pay down of the revolver and the additional acquisitions that we announced subsequent to the end of the third quarter.
Jeff Theiler: We will continue to expect 2.5% to 3% quarter-to-quarter. We have some variability each quarter in that number, but pretty confident in that range.
Jeff Theiler: No, John, this is Jeff, I don't think so. We've talked about it a lot because we wanted to be as transparent as we possibly can be to the market. So, because we are still an external growth, because the FFO is so dependent on the timing of the acquisitions and either the leverage that you have throughout the year, it's really, really difficult to come up with an estimate that's meaningful and it would change quarter-to-quarter as our acquisition activity change. So I think what we will end up doing is providing the same type of guidance that we did this year and overall acquisition bucket and then that gives a little bit more flexibility as to the timing of those acquisitions because it's just highly variable depending on the deal.
John Thomas: Yes one, we've been consistently growing every quarter and adding - Deeni is going to bring an additional level of resources and relationships to the organization. So we kind of consistently been in $200 million third quarter I think next year we look at it similar to this year, we'll put our formal guidance in the next earning call around acquisition expectations next year. But as long as capital market stay up and we think the volume of opportunities will continue to be there in the kind of consistent pace we've been growing. Cap rates I think we're very excited to this quarter to cap rates we achieved littler price year than previous quarters but again we've consistently said where we can match quality with our cost of capital. And I think quality, the bigger markets to more on campus or more health system affiliated assets, we can find those - we will pay up for those. But we're still for the year right at 7% on the deployment of capital and that's a first year unlevered cap rate. So, we haven't seen a big change in pricing this quarter but I think that's what we'd expect going into the first quarter.
John Thomas: Yes, we look at all the above. The one of easy thing with hospitals is most of them have credit ratings and more public data about their historic and current financials. But also more importantly we look at their growth rates and their access to new market where they are growing and aligning with physicians most importantly because hospital doesn’t do anything with the physician order. So they get to have good relationships with physicians and then growing and aligning with those physicians in outpatient care setting. So those settings can be on campus or off campus should reflection of underwriting what services are in the building and how that hospital is going to grow.
John Thomas: The simple answer is all the above. Jonathan, there has been several larger portfolios out there floating around and we see most of those. I think for us it's a matter - most of those will carry some kind of portfolio or portfolio of premium and so one of the things we do is reflect - is the quality of the overall portfolio worth paying a premium for or how do they match up with our – say [indiscernible] down in the middle of fairway kind of pipeline and the way we've grown. And so its nice opportunities out there, nice portfolios out there but we are yet to see a lot - its entire assisted to pay a premium to those assets while we are still growing very effectively in putting capital together or putting capital work at a better cap rate once [indiscernible].
John Thomas: Yes, I think that reflects the approach that John Sweet had with the seller. It's a Physician Group that really self developed those assets working with Memorial Hermann, very newer bigger buildings in a great market. The other assets were on campus but frankly not assets that were as attracted to us that. But in the end it's Memorial Hermann credit. So, again no criticism of that portfolio that we are very excited in and we think we got a very attractive price and yield on those assets and they will be there for a very long time and they are completely occupied or 95% occupied. So can't really explain the differential other than jobs we're getting done, we're working hard developing a relationship with the seller and the seller caring who the next owner was.
John Thomas: We always evaluate our portfolio, I mean everything -- just about everything we bought in the last two years, so we're excited about the investments we've made, but always looking to maximize the best source of capital and then deploy that in the best new opportunities and so we're a pure play medical office building REIT, we like to serve with the hospital in a business, we like the specialized post care facilities with the best operators and we think we have all of that in the portfolio. But we'll look at it from time-to-time and if there is a good opportunity to recycle capital, we'll evaluate it. We have no current plans to do so but we're evaluating it constantly though.
John Thomas: We focus on our patient care, Jordan, and as I said -- I'm sure there's some good opportunities out there to own acute care hospitals. But the average age of hospitals and there's not going to be most hospitals in the United States were built in the 50s, 60s, so there's a lot of big infrastructure out there. Just with the outpatient – the trends to more and more clinical services being performed frankly in a physician's office. We have no plans to invest in acute care hospitals. Our surgical hospitals are licensed hospitals in their respective states, but the outpatient care facilities that are primarily to expand the scope of services for the physicians that work there, but they're not in taking patients and they're not big general acute care hospitals. So, long way to answer to say no, I wouldn't expect just to invest in any hospitals and again back to -- probably didn't tie the square tightly in my opening comments but a lot of hospitals are closing, a lot of hospitals are re-building in new kind of better markets within their submarkets and so we'd rather focus on the outpatient care and aligning with those hospitals in those newer markets where we can.
John Thomas: That's a great question. So, we’re calling those 603 assets after the section number and we have a number of grandfather 603 assets [indiscernible]. Section 603 you're going to have the same scope of services in our building if it's build as an outpatient department of the hospital, you should expect much higher reimbursement particularly in oncology and cardiology, those are the two service lines or two of the service lines where you get significantly higher rates building as a hospital outpatient department even though it's in effective position office with ancillary services. Section 603 requires or provides those facilities to build on that basement on that basis, need to be on campus which is historically defined by regulation as kind of tied to the hospital within 250 yards of the hospital. The grandfather's all existing HOPD providers of hospitals billing facility, hospital outpatient department reimbursement rate, those are grandfathered – in place. So we have a number of those, like DMO calling them 603 assets, we have a number of those grandfathered facilities. Historically we’ll have to see how the rigs are written, but historically if you're grandfathered you can’t change the address of that location and continue to achieve that higher reimbursement. So, we would think that our 603 assets providers are going to want to stay in those locations for a very long time. So that excites us a lot. On the other hand going forward you're certainly making new investment decisions, we will underwrite what their expected reimbursement is going to look like in the location and obviously they want HOPD reimbursement as a new provider, at least under the new life it’s going to have to be on campus as defined by the rigs and certainly that'll make us look at that investment in that perspective. But there's other reasons to be off campus providing -- getting into new markets looking into align with new physician groups and accessing new higher patient demographics. And so you still may get better or good reimbursement just not the HOPD reimbursement, so that'll call us to dig a little bit deeper into the expected reimbursement structure of that provider. So again long one answer to the question but it's good for our existing assets, we've already built that into our underwriting process and structure. And one thing it does is it really levels the playing field between big multi-specialty groups and hospitals with lot of physician groups already performing these services and doing it very successfully at a high margin. And that really levels the playing field. So, for this year if you want to continue to stay independent of the hospital really levels the playing field from a competitive standpoint. And again we think we have great relationships with those big multi-specialty groups across the country. So something to factor in that really drive a decision one way to the other just something to factor into the analysis.
John Thomas: Yes slight better to what you just said. You have to be the way I understand the law you have be billing in their location as of the effective day which is November 2nd. If you create a new location after September 2nd you can bill HOPD until January 1, 2017, if you otherwise qualify and then you'll go to the lower physician office rate. So, I think the more important answer to your question is we certainly view hospital outpatient department in an existing building as one that's probably -- you don't want to stay in there for a very long time. So when we underwrite 10 to 15 year investments at least the way the new laws written, those hospital tenants are going to understand there for the longer term than that we would expect. So yes, we think it enhances the value of those assets.
John Thomas: We're working through that Paul, we'll follow up with you but it's not a huge percentage but there's a nice batch of – 603 assets, Grandfather 603 assets in the portfolio. So actually talking to some of the hospital tenants that we work with to clarify whether it's HOPD or not. Most probably which ones are but some of them are really classic position offices. So you have to dig a little deeper to figure that it's HOPD build or not. So we're working with the hospitals on that assessment.
John Thomas: We have one specific asset that we're working with the private party to expand that asset on behalf of the provider. I don't see it being a material part of our growth next year. We have a number of assets where the potential for expansion is there. But I don't see that being a near term event. And then I think the bigger opportunity is like the [indiscernible] as we know what some of there kind a three to five year plans are, we hope to have opportunities there. The IMS Group out in Phoenix added 30 providers this year and has a similar aggressive growth by next year. Those buildings that we bought in partnership with them are substantially full. So we look for some opportunities over the next 18 months there. So it's short answer, more potential long-term, we see some exciting organic growth opportunities with them.
John Thomas: I think -- I mean our guidance was $700 million to $900 million. We wouldn't expect to change that probably. And I hope you more that towards the higher end of that guidance. But we slowdown the pipeline a little bit intentionally in July and August and we pushed out some discussions intentionally during that period of time when the market was so rocky. So I'd say that's still good guidance but the pipeline for first quarter 2016 as we're really pleased where we sit today.
John Thomas: So this is John, so I understand do you mean - internal versus external meaning external like progresses and stuff like that and internal being allocated acquisition personnel.
John Thomas: We can do that. We'd actually don't have that at our fingertips right now. But I think we are just around 1% of assets which is fairly typical and what we've been kind of doing over the past couple of years. So, I wouldn't expect the number to change drastically from that going forward.
John Thomas: No, and I don't think so. We can look at it John but most of two-thirds of our acquisitions are kind a off-market – probably half of those are no broker involved at all, sometimes the broker working with us helps to establish the relationship and I don't think it's an unusual percentage.
John Thomas: 95% to 96% should stay there, you think about MOB and that's substantially full. We heard already above a good pace on our next year renewals have very limited amount and as a percentage basis expiring through the end of this year. So 95% and 96%, we continue to buy buildings that are 90% to 100% occupied. So to the extent that affected - should still be in that range.
John Thomas: Yes, based on model 22% increase in spread but we continue to see renewals add or above the exploration. So 2% to 3% growth should be normal.
John Thomas: Yes, Mike, smaller than we like but a great tenant base and it's a really young dynamic development team that's really built a nice client base and particularly the [pendent] [ph] looks lot, not going to stretching over the Jacksonville. So again kind of smaller assets but newer, would get tenant base. But the pipeline there which we essentially controlled to the acquisition as well is really moving towards kind of the preferred assets and size of assets and location that we want. So I wouldn't call it a loss lead, we got a nice cap rate on those assets with a nice tenant base but going forward we would start some bigger more interesting opportunities with those same hospital systems in that groups.
John Thomas: I'm glad you asked about that, we are very excited about those two investments. Those were built by developer called Landmark, they’re actually basing a lot, but we had a very long relationship with the Landmark organization. The Jacksonville Florida assets over 200,000 square feet, we’d be humble to say probably the best, nicest looking best occupied medical office building, outpatient care facility built this year and developed. I mean every REIT on though - every developer on those try to win that opportunity. So Landmark was just looking to recap it for a five year period upon CEO, working with them we put in some mezzanine debt as part of their recap and working with GE Healthcare as well. And then we have an opportunity to buy it, the determination of that five year recap. So, same thing in Kansas City, the Truman Medical Center is the tenant of that buildings, 82,000 square foot facility it was just completed last month, it's on – hospitals here in Kansas City, so kind of a great location close to a number of hospitals but the tenant is Truman Medical Center which is the teaching hospital from the University of Missouri Kansas City. So again similar structure we get a nice premium yield on the mezzanine loan during the term and then the opportunity upon the maturity of the senior loan and our mezzanine loan to buy that time. So, great new assets and great opportunity for the future.
John Thomas: This is John, thank you everyone for listening in. We look forward to seeing most of you at NAREIT. Please call up if you have any further questions.
