John Thomas: I think it stems primarily from the success of that transaction, the CHI transaction. We’ve got a lot of trade bust, [ph] not only in the MOB investment world but in the hospital world as well. So, we’ve got a lot of inbound calls from health systems and that is evolving to continuing discussions. So, we’ll see how much -- if there’s more monetizations like that, to be clear nothing specifically related to the Dignity Health, CHI discussions. And as Mark said, we remain close to situation but we don’t know if that transaction, that merger is going to happen or not and really don’t have a time schedule from them on decisions there, so But, good volume and it’s reflected by both Hartford Medical and large physician sale leaseback and just out of sight of New York City and we just see a lot of great opportunities at very attractive high-quality real estate and really expect, absent any major capital market changes that we’ll be able to get that acquisition volume again this year.
John Thomas: Yes. You could continue to expect us moving up the quality scale. Again, we’ve been very proud of all of our investments to-date over the last three and half years. But, as our cost of capital has improved and our name and frankly reputation amongst hospital systems and physician groups has continued to spread, we’re just seeing more and more attractive opportunities of bigger, newer, -- bigger markets health systems, affiliated opportunities.
John Thomas: Yes. I think 6 to 7 is probably about right. Last year, we were about 6.6? Yes, little higher than 6.6, heavily influenced by the CHI investment, as Mark pointed out. That was a 6.2 on in place and we’ve already moved that up to 6.5 with Mark’s leadership in both leasing and expense management in that portfolio also. But 6 to 7 is what we’d expect to see this year. The tenure has spiked a little bit from last year; it’s kind of still a lot of capital, chasing the assets, a lot of foreign capital coming on through those [ph] platforms to chase the asset So, again, the best healthcare and real estate is medical office and people recognize that.
John Thomas: It’s 1.1 with respect to the Oklahoma City asset, which we also entered into the purchase agreement to sell that is rent and property taxes. And again, Foundation has potentially withdrawn from that facility. They’re subtenants in the building and that’s where [ph] we’re working with [indiscernible] members of that group. The…
John Thomas: Yes. Juan, it’s JT. They’ve had some good success. I think the COO retired and they brought in another gentleman who’s -- his primary focus is on the strategic operational plan. And they communicate pretty frequently with the bond market about progress there. So, continue to have book lawsuits [ph] across system wide but the revenues continue to be strong and growing. Kentucky just -- Juan that large dollar’s reflective of their management -- clear management of risk just got a net positive payment from the ACO that they participate in the Louisville and Lexington markets. So, lots of things going and there is still lots of opportunity for improvement. I think we’ve talked about it before, but just on the supply chain in particular, just a very modest improvement in their supply chain as a percentage of revenue, more than covers in the aggregate our annual rents, I mean very modest chain. So, we see a continued very positive improvement, and no concerns -- or see any concerns in drops [ph] in rent coverage to pay a rent [ph] to the local market.
John Thomas: They all had -- they all finished the year well. San Antonio had a really blowout month in December. And it actually had pretty strong revenue last here between its issue or actually our issues related to lease payments there have not been revenue or volumes, it’s been on the cash collections, which is function of the management that the Foundation didn’t provide. El Paso was performing well throughout the first half of 2016; they lost some profitable ancillary business at the beginning of the third quarter and then lost a physician participant that set them back. So, El Paso is a little bit more of a revenue and exacerbated by the cash collection’s issue. San Antonio is performing very well. And El Paso, we continue to believe is performing strong right now. I’m actively engaged with the physician leadership there, week-by-week, day-by-day basis and continue to see a lot of positive movement there. So, just working those through transition, both management and the Foundation’s ownership interest, but we continue to see right things and right opportunities there for them.
John Thomas: Yes. We have the purchase and sale agreement with the Oklahoma City facility. We’ve been approached by both physicians and institutional investors in both San Antonio and El Paso for those real estate assets. And so, as we work through this, again, this is -- these are both fine hospitals, physical plants, both in good markets, they’re both in attractive markets, so lot of players. So, really help facilitate in working with physicians that help facilitate a smooth transition and then the positive outcome for everybody. We just thought it was time to move these to a disposition status and expect to work through a sale in an orderly fashion on both assets. It could be one buyer or my expectation is two different buyers. And again, the physicians may be involved in or more situations.
John Thomas: Yes. So, the LTAC has been going through patient criteria conversions in the Medicare rules. That’s something that we knew about when we bought these assets, work for the management team to evaluate what the impact is going to be there. So, they may get changes or evolve to comply with those rules and kind of manage their business to outside of the patient criteria where they can drive additional revenues. Plano, for example, set a very successful wound care business. It’s really ancillary, it’s complementary to their existing service line and the physicians that refer patients to them. Unfortunately, they’re trying to move that same ancillary service into Fort Worth facility, and that has taken longer than expected. So, the drop in our coverage is all attributable to Fort Worth. It’s still doing fine, it’s still a good facility and good location. But obviously we’d like to see in the aggregate, and that’s a master lease, those three facilities, Pittsburgh, Fort Worth and Plano, it’s all under one master lease. And we’d like to see the Fort Worth coverage improved and we expect it will. And then Foundations continues to -- excuse me, LifeCare continues to focus on other ancillary opportunities in Pittsburgh. They’ve expanded some of the service lines, again complementary to those long-term future business in that facility. And hopefully, we’ll start seeing the benefit of that in the near-term. This year, don’t expect any issues. We think the management team is very focused on improving and increasing EBITDA. They clearly had an impact on EBITDAR and EBITDA across the organization, as well as the patient criteria with revolving through it in a good way.
John Thomas: Those have CPI increaser and also a kicker and in extraordinary revenue year, we haven’t been able to get -- or got opportunities to get the kicker but they increased at a floor of 2.25%, CPI [ph] has not moved more than that. So, I think we have a ceiling of 3.75.
John Thomas: Correct Mark? So, 2.25% in those. Mike, we wouldn’t expect coverages to drop there. Plano does extremely well, as I mentioned. And again on a master lease perspective, the coverages continue to be strong but on a facility-by-facility basis, we monitor closely. We don’t expect it but we can’t say that that’s a problem.
John Thomas: So, San Antonio, the volumes have been very strong, the payer mix has been very strong. One of the good and bad things, I’d say, our mix in San Antonio is that a lot of -- in the industry called PI work, personal injury work, which is accident victims who come in and ultimately look into an insurance company, not an health insurance company but insurance company that is involved in settling claims related to that injury. And those usually collected a very-high percentage of net revenues; they’re very profitable. The downside is a longer time -- take longer to collect those receivables. So, San Antonio is investing part of their issue but they ended the year and have a strong year from a volume perspective in any event. Again, El Paso had a drop-off in volume, really beginning mid third quarter and exacerbated by the kind of fourth quarter and lack of management attention from the Foundation level. But in the volumes, ended the year and so far this year looks strong both in locations.
John Thomas: I think, this is the beginning of a long-term practice that we would continue to prune the bottom, some bottom percentage or be opportunistic. And frankly we think, focus the case with the assets that we put in the business and bucket so far this year. And Mark Theine -- four of the assets are -- that we announced today, moving into that, four of our legacy assets that we [indiscernible] And there are some really good leases and good tenants in those buildings but they’re -- it’s time for kind of start pruning some of those assets out, smaller and older -- smaller communities. And Mark Theine has done a nice job, not only with the leasing and continued leasing and management of those facilities but actually working through the process to -- where the buyers have approached us about those, and move forward very positively. So, I think this is a beginning in the trend you’ll see. But for this year, I wouldn’t project to be more than a 100 million but that could change.
John Thomas: Well, they own several hundred more, I wouldn’t say -- they range from brand new to old small little buildings in rural markets. So, it’s a very large opportunity, additional opportunities there, but we don’t know we’d have a catalogue of buildings [ph] Jonathan. But I’d say, there’s lots of opportunities for Class A assets that are anchored by or leased 100% by CHI.
John Thomas: Yes, I think so. And I think the hospital industry’s really rallied around a focus on Medicaid expansion what has occurred and the desire in those states where it didn’t expand, so some kind of expand. So, I think that’s where the hospital provider were always focusing their attention. But as I mentioned with Tommy’s engagement, we have other Board members close to Capitol Hill as well. We stay pretty engaged in real time discussions that are there. So, there is only so much you can -- or just stepping back, I mean, there is only so much you can do to the reconciliation process. So, the idea of just completely wiping out the Affordable Care Act and completely replacing it in part or all or even repairing and if some would like to say, it’s very difficult through the reconciliation process. So, absent some getting nine or I guess eight democrats and a few Republicans who’d be resistant to major change without significant alternatives to keep the ensured, to keep the benefits of what’s current of the ACA but also address the deficiencies. So, as I mentioned, Secretary has a lot of power under the law, but that’s tweaking things with the regulatory process. So, SCHIP is up for renewal this year, so that’s something that bipartisan [ph] way is vehicle for potentially some bipartisan changes. But, it’s not as easy as it sounds by its [indiscernible]. I think the hospital industry is focused on Medicaid expansion. We have analyzed our portfolio, it’s ironically right at 50%, is in the states that expanded and the 50% of the states that didn’t expand. And we didn’t use that as an underwriting or targeting of analysis, just a way to forecast. Kentucky being probably the most important where they did expand and Texas been maybe most important where they did not -- Texas did not expand.
John Thomas: Yes. I’d say, in many respects, our unique approach and somebody -- one of our let’s call it proprietary approach is we don’t see a lot of competition and lot of our transactions because it’s mostly one-off direct negotiations with physicians and hospitals and developers. But, generally, in the market, private equity backed is probably by volume is the biggest buyer out there other than us. Amongst the big three, I think probably two of the three, their assets declined in 2016, want to probably get a renewed focus on MOB, bumping into them a little bit more. But, I think the big competition is right now as private equity backed. We did the largest transaction directly with the hospital system, but it was a very large transaction that was a new player into the market and [indiscernible].
John Thomas: Yes, a lot of interest by both. And again, they’re primarily trying to do JV and come in through one of the operating platforms that today winds up with other private equity firms. We have friendly conversations with players like that all the time but you have pieces fully loaded for capital, so we haven’t seen the advantage to do any JV today.
John Thomas: Yes. So, again, different payer mix at each location. San Antonio, you can call the PI work out of network but that’s really not kind of the strategy there; it’s just doing the payers, the different type of insurance companies. El Paso, fairly traditional payer mix; they have -- both of these are contracted leases; [ph] it’s not a -- neither one is relying on out of network strategy where it’s difficult to collect period. And then Foundation provided centralized billing offices to each of their affiliates and without CDO, [ph] so Foundation internally didn’t collect the revenues fast and additionally the share; that’s improving but it’s also transitioning to a third-party…
John Thomas: At this point, we recognize the fourth quarter, we’re still working through both situations and in San Antonio -- there is two different situations. San Antonio has a lot of revenue to collect; El Pas has less. But, we’re hopeful that this is a one-time event but we can’t make any assurance of that. But that’s where we are focused on right now, the transition. And again, if they get collected, the revenue gets already been generated, then this should get back on track and move in a positive way.
John Thomas: Yes, some traditional factors. I mean, the four legacy assets have a nice tenant base, one of them got out of Northside [ph] lease for over 10 years. It’s one of the kind of the best core assets we had as part of the IPO but it’s also kind of a one-off in far north suburban Atlanta. So, again, does it make sense in our continuing for synergies and asset management going forward, these are all older buildings. So, again we’re kind of prune and move the average age of those buildings down. So, those are natural criteria. Again, the whole -- I should say easier but more interesting and maximize the value for selling buildings with still good lease term and get tenants in them and all of those meet that criteria and frankly just represent a good price. But that’ll be -- we’ll apply screen across the entire portfolio and look for opportunities where we’ve got one-off assets and don’t see any opportunity to grow, either in that market or with that client and also average age and size will weigh into those decisions.
John Thomas: I’d just say, with move in the tenure, there is so much capital on the other side of the supply side and capital investing in medical office to keep cap rates, I’d say fairly stable but also best in class assets are going to correct below 6, and top markets, the top health systems in the mid 5. So, we’re seeing lots of opportunity in the 6 plus range and that’s where we like to be. But, like Hartford and with other assets, I’ve noted, very attractive long-term opportunities, really assets like that improved the quality of our portfolio and over time we will continue to move all the portfolio a bit more like that. So, 6 to 7 for us, may crack that at appropriate time, and for capital [indiscernible] and we’ll see some -- expect to see some mid-5. Last year, the NorthStar -- Starwood portfolio traded at a something like a 5, 6 separate. So, there are buyers out there that are moving valuations in that range -- to that range.
John Thomas: Yes. So, on the -- Tayo, I think it’s a fair question. I think if we focus more on more on the higher quality, it’s going to be more in the 6% to 6.5% range than the higher in the range. But we still see lots of great opportunities in the higher in range that still meet very high quality standards for us. So, maybe 6.25 to 6.5 if you’re modeling but again, I think in the end, we’ll be blending out at 6.5 on just our day-to-day core business.
John Thomas: Yes. Thanks everybody for joining today, the great questions, and we appreciate it. And I would like to recognize our Founder, John Sweet who started this Company many years ago as a private fund, working with Theine, retired at the end of the year and really left. He hasn’t left us completely but left and help build a great organization that we take forward and look to make it even greater. So, we just want recognize John Sweet and his retirement and look forward to continue to work with him when we have the opportunity. And in that connection, as part of our succession planning for John, Deeni Taylor has been promoted to Chief Investment Officer and Deeni was -- and John both, were huge parts of our success last year in our growth. And I just want to recognize Deeni and their promotion. And then, lastly we are thrilled as we announced earlier to supplement John Sweet’s opportunities with many elections around the country, we are excited to have Dan Klein as the Deputy Chief Investment Officer working closely with Deeni and myself. So, just want to recognize that. We look forward to seeing you soon and working hard during this quarter. Thank you.
Jeff Theiler: So, Jordan, just to kind of roughly break it out, just under 2 million of that is rent that was not collected, we determined to be not collectable, and that represents the majority of the fourth quarter of four of these buildings. Once they had some property tax expenses that we had paid and had accrued a reimbursement for that we didn’t get -- that was call it 0.5 million, actually a little bit more, 600,000, and then there’s some revenue that we didn’t record in December as we realized that this would uncollectable, and that’s the balance of it.
Jeff Theiler: Sure. Hi, Juan. So, yes, when we ended 2016 with just over $400 million on a revolving line of credit, we’ve -- since we got our investment grade rating and started terming out debt with -- in the private market with AIG [ph] at the beginning of last year, that’s really been the strategy to try to -- to fix our debt as quickly as possible into long-term fixed rate bonds. Beginning of last year, the private market was far more attractive than the public market in terms of bond opportunity. I would say this year that it’s much closer. And so, I think we’d evaluate the public market very, very carefully as we think about terming out debt. I think for inaugural issuers, it’s actually a really, really good time right now. So, I would expect to see something hopefully early in 2017 on the public bond side.
Jeff Theiler: We communicated our target leverage level to be about 30 to 40% debt to assets; we’re probably 33% debt to gross assets right now. So, certainly well within our target leverage range. Certainly, we always look at equity as we put out $800 million to $1 billion pipeline, it’d be hard to acquire all of that without any equity. So that’s something that we always look at and we could always to -- the ATM program, we have plenty of capacity on that or the secondary offering market at some point. But it’s something we’ll evaluate, although we’re under no pressure to do anything in the near term.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, Jonathan, it’s Jeff. You’re exactly right. I mean, I think what that change to the index eligibility criteria does is it bumps up the minimum amount of debt that you’re going to issue -- that you don’t want to issue to get a great execution. So that used to be a minimum 250, now it’s a minimum of 300. So, I think as we look at the public markets, we’re always kind of looking at it with that minimum in mind. In terms of pricing, it’s I think right now in the public markets, probably anywhere just above mid 4.4, 4.5 to 4.75, somewhere in that range I think would probably be a reasonable pricing assumption. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes. So, if you did private notes, I think the volume is lower, the amount you can issue is probably lower, unless you get a lot of interest in the private market. I think you’re probably capping out closer to 200 there on a deal. And the pricing is probably pretty similar right now, it might be a little bit inside of that, but it’s not as much as it used to be at the beginning of last year.
Jeff Theiler: I think, John, for 2017 as we look at it, we’ll continue to scale down G&A as a percent of assets. It will probably be somewhere in the $21 million to $23 million on a full year basis, which I think equates fairly well with the other MOB peers in the space.
Jeff Theiler: No, I mean, it’s an increase. As we build our portfolio, clearly, if you’re growing a $1 billion a year, there’s a lot of build outs you need to do to support that acquisition pace and to make sure you’re integrating the properties well, you’re accounting for them well, you’re taking care of the tenants. So, there’s always a fair amount of infrastructure build with every new acquisitions, particularly if you are increasing acquisitions on a multi-tenant side as opposed to a single lease side where there’s just a lot more work to do for each.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Hey, Craig; it’s Jeff. So, I think the way we modeled it out is we’ve got two purchase and sell agreements that are already in place. So, as we look at that 100 million to a 125 million kind of valuation range, we include those numbers, the 18.3 million on the Georgia portfolio and the 15.3 million on the Oklahoma City portfolio. And for the remainder of the assets, we kind of look at a cap rate range that goes up to low in the low 70% cap rate on a average. So, that’s you know kind of the high end of that range, the low 7% gap rate. So, we feel pretty good about being able to sell the assets somewhere within that range. And just for clarity, the bottom end of range is essentially what we paid for the assets, not the net book value, but the actual purchase that we’ve had.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Hi, Tayo; it’s Jeff. You’re right. I mean, the big jump was the OpEx in the fourth quarter, and that was $0.025 per share, that was related that the Foundations reserves that we took on rent that we considered uncollectable and prepaid expenses that we considered uncollectable. We always hope to get some of that back but that was the difference in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Theiler: We made it to the OpEx line and we -- and it rolled through into normalized FFO; we did not exclude it.
