James Flaherty: Yes, sure. No, I understand the thought process and the speculation and even the intrigue of our Four Seasons investment in terms of what that might portend for the company's strategy offshore in Europe, elsewhere. The reality is, it's something much more straightforward. We use our 5x5 business model to source proprietary opportunities that produce negotiated transactions, that result in very attractive risk reward outcomes for our shareholders. And when you cut through it, quite frankly, that's really what was going on here. This was equity light return for debt risk exposure. I would like in this transaction -- we always, when we move away from 100% fee simple real estate transactions, we always look for optionality for those investments to eventually move to 100% fee simple real estate. Realistically, I liken this transaction to the HCA toggle note transaction we made back at the end of '06 where we had the best-in-class operator in the market, in that case HCA, in this case Four Seasons, at an attractive yield but with a very, very substantial equity base below us, 40%. In the case of this acquisition transaction is the Terra Firma equity investment below us, much like the HCA equity investment from the Frist family, Bain, KKR and Merelith Time. So while I think there could be some optionality for us to end up in the real estate, my guess is, with that amount of equity below us, you're looking at either a par plus a premium pay-off. Or potentially as we watch REITs evolve in terms of their acceptance in the U.K. market, there's a potential for that to unfold as well. But this is just a very attractive investment for our shareholders, and the icing on the cake was the execution of the 1.81% 4-year term debt. If you look at the -- not that we project finance our investments but if you look at the 12.5% less the 1.81%, you're at a spread there of almost 1,100 basis points, which is very, very attractive for our shareholders. 
James Flaherty: I think that's fair source by our 5x5 model. And again, we like to stay away from auction situations where highest price wins. So this was a very attractive result for our shareholders. 
James Flaherty: No, absolutely not. I mean, if anything, you're seeing some backing up of cap rates at least in terms of the deal flow in the transactions that we've announced, which means the spread and the relative profitability of those investments is increasing to the betterment of our shareholders' return. I think it's actually fascinating. If you take a look at the Four Seasons investment and then go back almost 3 years to the day when we announced the second of our HCR ManorCare investments, so that was back on August 3 of '09. This is -- you got to write this down. It's kind of interesting. So the yield there, if you carve out the benefit that accrued to HCP from the seller financing on the second HCR debt investment, the yield was 9.8%. And that was done at a time that the 10-year treasury was 3.64% and our stock price was approximately $26 a share, okay? So 3 years ago, 9.8% yield on a debt investment, 3.64% 10-year treasury and a $26 HCP stock price. At the time we announced the Four Seasons deal, which was about a month ago, the yield there, with the discount that Paul referenced, is 12.5%, the 10-year was about 1.5% and our stock price at the time was $44 a share. So you can see that the differential, it's kind of upside down when you think about it. The yield has widened out by almost 300 basis points, and our cost of capital has come in by almost a similar amount. So I find that very interesting, and that's why we're in such an attractive position right now, and that's why we've got the liquidity that we've built into the balance sheet, both in terms of the 100% availability on our line plus the existing cash balances? Paul. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think the grand scheme is kind of a model, the business model that we created several years ago, which has been -- which we've got -- it's been replicated, I guess to a certain extent, in terms of our interest in widening out the property types that we're investing in. We now are a major investor in 5 property types, but also the different levels of the capital stack, if you will, where we apply those investments. I think the nuance to HCP is probably twofold: One, we tend to use that model to source proprietary opportunities that result in negotiated transactions; and then secondly, the organic growth that we've been able to generate because of those -- the outcomes of those negotiated transactions is quite substantial. I don't think we've had a quarterly conference call in the last 3 years where we haven't raised the existing guidance on the performance of our same-property portfolio and you saw that continue again. So if there's any grand scheme, that's the grand scheme. We feel that we've got a very, very attractive business model, which we've attempted to build barriers around. With respect to post-acute, again, I don't think you'd be at 15 -- your starting off point, Rich, if you thought about that in terms of just the real estate investment. I think you're probably putting the debt investment in Genesis at the time, in HCR at the time. So again, we see a tremendous opportunity here in the next couple of years in terms of the reforming of health care, which will not be driven by Washington D.C., it will be driven by the market. And when you do that, again, I think you've heard us say that our 3 top criteria are aligning ourselves with operators that have quality outcomes, that have efficient operations, read that to mean margin, they make money and have a critical mass, read that to be market share. And we feel that HCR is, as we feel about HCA and Hospital Land and Genentech and Amgen and Life Science and HCA to a very real sense in medical office buildings, are the partners we want to align ourselves with. So the HCR, if anything, would've driven the opportunity in post-acute for us. Had that not been HCR, I don't think you would've seen us today with the exposure we have. So that's how I'd respond to that question, Rich. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think it's done just the opposite. I think it's increased the attractiveness of the investment just because of now the consolidation play, which we anticipated would be back-end loaded to the second half of the decade. I think we're looking at that here and now with HCR. So that's made that investment and our alignment there much more attractive than we would've envisioned at the time we made the investment. 
James Flaherty: That's just -- that's a relatively small investment that, at this point, we don't mark that to market. 
James Flaherty: Well, I don't think this is a short-lived duration. I mean, if you look at the macro issues, you've got an economic recovery that at best is muted. That would be at best. You've got an unemployment situation that is challenged. I don't think that's going to change anytime soon. I think you've got a housing recovery that is tepid. I don't think that's going to change anytime soon. I think you've got an interest rate environment courtesy of the Fed that is likely to remain benign for the foreseeable future. And I think when you put all those things together, I think 2 things: One, those are big issues that are certainly not short term in nature, and I think it will drive investor demand, whether it be the retail investor, whether it be pension fund investors or the dedicated REIT investors. The combination of attractive yields that grow over time, in our case, they've grown for 27 consecutive years, with a very, very strong balance sheet, with ever accelerating Same Property Performance growth organically and some optionality on accretive external acquisitions. I don't think those dynamics are going to change anytime soon. So I would expect that, in part because of the opportunity set that we have in front of us, and in part because of investors -- I think David Rosenberg yesterday authored a piece calling for the end of equity ownership on the part of investors globally with an eye towards more of an income orientation. So I think these are big macro trends that are moving funds flow, Ross, and I don't think these things are going to reverse for the foreseeable future. That said, we consistently look to source very accretive transactions, that's been our hallmark. I think you see the results of that most immediately in the performance of our Same Property Performance results, but increasingly, I think you'll see us add to that staple of organic growth with external acquisitions. 
James Flaherty: Yes, let me just say, we actually -- I would take an exception, I think we've talked a fair amount about group development. We've obviously had an enormous success up in our Mountain View campus with the LinkedIn development, the build to suit there. We've got, which we've continued to talk about in the last couple of quarterly earnings calls, a very successful senior housing development program. I think we're up to 6 communities now. And then we've got the redevelopment opportunities and the development opportunities to land. I've spoken in previous calls about the ability to take the 6% of our overall portfolio that is not stabilized. So in other words, if you take a look at our portfolio, you've got 94% of that portfolio is kicking out 8-plus percent current yields. 6% of the portfolio, which is just under $1 billion when you do the math, is probably generating the plus or minus 3%. And I've spoken before about the opportunity, if we can move some or all of that unstabilized, call it $1 billion of investments, up closer to what the remainder of the portfolio is producing, is a very, very attractive incremental cash flow with not a whole lot of incremental CapEx associated with it. So that's how I would frame the overall perspective to your question. But let me have Paul kind of dig into the buckets, as you referred to them, that are on Page 10 of our supplemental. 
James Flaherty: Again, just to set it up, this is the portfolio that we transitioned from Horizon Bay. So new operator, Brookdale versus Horizon Bay, and we perceived and we went out to the market an opportunity to invest some capital in this portfolio and change the profile in terms of a senior demand more from a pure-play independent living, which is why it was so important that we added, when we got down to the final selection process, Brookdale who had the ability to -- with capital, which we would provide pursuant to the joint venture there, the 90-10 joint venture, trick out those communities so that they could begin to have their ancillary revenue opportunity set. And we're well into that investment period at this point. We made an investment in the properties. Paul referenced the change that we're doing. We're adding the bistro concept down in our Houston portfolio of 5 former Horizon Bay communities. So I think Paul can take you through that. But this is a portfolio in transition. We feel better about this opportunity than we did at the time we made the investment. And Brookdale is working quite hard at transitioning this portfolio to where we all believe the upside is going to be for this portfolio. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think Paul took you through not with 6 months to go but with 3 months to go what the coverage is, Jeff, in his script. 
James Flaherty: Adjusting out the prior year, the 2006 to 2010 GOPO adjustment, the coverage is 1.39, and that's through -- that's with 9 months of activity so you've got one quarter to go. So I think that's one important data point. You've also seen sequential month-over-month-over-month that the company outperformed the previous month so that's doing well. I think things are going along pretty well there. And Paul, I hope you'd add. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think that result was completely expected, so I don't think there was any news there. I think, as I've said previously, I think pause is an interesting word to use for the next, I guess, 12 to 18 months. But over the longer term, the country has a mismatch of entitlement commitments with funding. So I don't think anything is going to happen between now and the end of the year on that topic. But I think there's some reason to think that with the new Congress seated, maybe come March, you could see a couple of things that would be helpful for the country and helpful for health care costs in this country and indirectly helpful for the post-acute space. So I think -- but I think you're going to have to work and wrestle with this. I think, my guess is that corporate America will end up driving a lot of the change here given that some of these decisions are the type of decisions that our congressmen and congresswomen don't like to confront. So I think in a scenario where corporate America does for health care what it did for pension reform in the 90s, which is to move America to a defined contribution setup for health care coverage as opposed to a defined benefit, I think that's increasingly becoming likely, and I think in that scenario, low-cost provider wins. And in general, the skilled nursing post-acute space is absolutely in that bucket. And in particular, HCR ManorCare does an extraordinarily good job for a comparable senior that's got a variety of afflictions versus the alternative sites that, that senior might be treated in. So we feel very, very good, and I think these external shocks to the system will continue to drive M&A activity, and we think that the best highest quality, most efficient operators in that scenario are going to do very, very well. 
James Flaherty: Well, I mean, those are confidential discussions so we would never comment on that. I think this isn't a discussion about the rating agencies. It's really a question of where our debt trades in the market. I think it's pretty straightforward. So I think we've been able to achieve in particular the last couple of debt transactions, which benefit obviously from the steps that Tim and Matt and others took earlier in the year on the balance sheet, we've been able to realize weak single A pricing on our debt security. So that's not really some speculation. That is what it is and those debts -- those bonds are very liquid, they trade every day. So that's specifically what I was referring to, James. 
James Flaherty: I think the priority is to have the strongest possible balance sheet. And increasingly, what you've seen Tim and Matt do is put a spotlight on how strong that balance sheet is on Pages 6 and 7 in our supplemental. And I think the markets are very efficient, and quite frankly, for the sell-side equity analyst on the call, don't take this the wrong way, but I've always been of a view that the fixed income investors have a little sharper pencils than the equity folks. And I think they've figure it out and I think they've attached an appropriate trade valuation for our debt securities. So where that shakes out for the agency, that's for them to discuss. I mean, those are institutions that have their own internal processes, and we very much respect them. But I think our balance sheet is our balance sheet, and those metrics are our metrics, and we've put them out there in the supplemental for any and all to view. 
James Flaherty: Yes. Well actually, let's review the bidding because on the last call, I think I identified about half a dozen or so issues that I suggested were kind of acting to dampen transaction volumes, one was Europe. I don't think that's changed a whole lot since we last spoke, although we do believe and now you can see the results that from time to time, very attractive investment opportunities will present themselves, which is by the way, a sound bite for all these issues. We tend to migrate to where there's concern in issues because oftentimes, if your underwriting's solid, you can exploit those opportunities for the benefit of the shareholders. So Europe is still there, that hasn't changed a lot. Fiscal cliff is, I guess, 3 months closer to likely occurring. I don't think the economy or related to that unemployment have gotten a whole lot better in the past 3 or 4 months. I think housing, depending on which survey you look at, it seems to have bottomed but it's kind of bumping along the bottom. The election will obviously drive an awful lot of what I suggested could be -- manifest itself in a grand bargain, maybe as early as the first quarter of 2013 and you still have sequestration. So the one issue that's come off the table was the Supreme Court decision. And I think almost immediately, as I had predicted, you saw that as a catalyst for M&A activity. You saw your Wellpoint and AMERIGROUP's merger, you've seen Genesis and Son and my guess is you'll see others. So that's the 30,000-foot view, James, if I tried to answer that. That said, things are looking increasingly attractive for our ability to make accretive transactions, for some of the reasons that we've talked about and quite frankly some other reason. I think you'll see us in terms of announced transaction volumes. I think you'll see us build through 2012 and early 2013, which is about as far out as our forward pipeline goes, a sequential month -- quarter-over-quarter increases in announced transaction volume. So second quarter was up from the first quarter, third quarter is going to be up from the second quarter, and I suspect fourth quarter will be up from the third quarter. And I think the key word that I referenced on our call last time was that we had very high-quality dialogue across our 5x5 model. And if you look at the deals that we've just announced today, you've got 4 different property types: medical office, post-acute, life science and senior housing, and you've got 3 different product types: DownREITs, mezz debt and the real estate. So I think you're really seeing the benefit of our business model here sourcing very attractive opportunities. And again, no promises but my guess is you're going to continue to see acceleration on this front in the near term for HCP. 
James Flaherty: Yes. That's a commitment. That's one of the many pleasures as we've experienced the last 48 hours of having an earnings call on the last day of the month, which oftentimes, for accounting reasons and other reasons, is a good time to close transactions. So you'll see that be a debt investment, an attractive from an HCP shareholders standpoint, double-digit, high-yielding debt investment in post-acute/skilled space in the States would be how I'd handicap how that comes out. 
James Flaherty: Yes, let me just -- I mean, this is -- I want to say this is the ninth or tenth transaction we've done with that family going back, I think, about a decade at this point. And you mentioned medical office, Quentin, but they've also -- they developed and manage our entire life science portfolio which doesn't get the credit that our Bay Area and San Diego life science portfolios get. But they manage -- they developed and managed the life science portfolio that we have in the Salt Lake City, Utah area. So we've been -- that's a long-standing, a very good relationship. We like the alignment that the DownREIT structure brings us. They've been very, very good partners, and they've got a very fine organization. And as you might imagine with a very fine organization, they continue to develop high-quality opportunities, and hopefully we'll continue to maintain that relationship going forward. 
James Flaherty: Yes, Michael. I think you misquoted me. I never used the word pipeline on our last call. I talked about significant dialogue across our 5x5 model. I think you've seen some of the results of that significant dialogue that we've talked about today. I suspect, as I've just indicated in response to a prior question, you'll continue to see results of that significant dialogue, but I've never talked about nor quantified the pipeline. 
James Flaherty: Again, we don't -- everything we do from a balance sheet standpoint is with an eye towards our long-term target leverage ratio, which to review is 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity. So seeing what we saw in the dialogue that we had off of our 5x5 model earlier this year, we obviously were very proactive in taking out some high coupon debt, some high coupon preferreds and with equity. And then now you're starting to see us build back or slightly below that 40-60 today, build back at 3.15% coupon for 10 years, 1.81% coupon for 4 years starting to see us extract value from those balance sheet maneuvers we do -- we did earlier this year. But we don't -- anything we would do would be in the context of 40-60 debt-to-equity, long-term target ratio, Michael. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think that kind of falls out much like the fixed charge coverage ratio. You're starting to see very, very -- which is why really I guess for the third or fourth time, I'd encourage folks to look at Pages 6 and 7 of our supplemental. But take a look at the debt-to-EBITDA and take a look at the fixed charge coverage ratios and which I think is more representative. Take a look at them on a run rate of just the current quarter and you can begin to see why the fixed income investors have become begun to kind of recalibrate, if you will, the valuations for our fixed income securities. 
James Flaherty: No, I think and again, just to calibrate this, so you're seeing what's going on with our same-property performance. You've heard us talk about -- it used to be 3.5% but now you can see it's 4% same-property performance levered 40-60 gets you the 6.5% FAD per share with growth, with no external acquisitions. If you then layer in, pick an improvement in terms of that 5.9% on that debt that you just referenced that matures next year, I don't know if it's 300 basis points or 200 basis points or something in the middle. But you do the math on that, you layer that into what we've already got kind of contractual with the FAD growth, you can start -- you continue to grow the dividend, reduce the payout ratio and be clipping coupons here until the cows come home. So I think that's going to be there for us. And again, I don't think, to Ross's earlier question, I don't think this is some momentary drop in cost of capital. I think the macro trends that have brought all this together are going to stay with us for a while. Barclays just last week made a call on the 10-year, touching 1.2% before the end of the year. So if you look at the maturities, Michael, on that debt that you referenced, most of that is back-end loaded. And I suspect given the other opportunities we have, most notably the accretive deal dialogue we've got going on, my guess is we'll deploy our capital to take advantage of those and then wait for the maturing debt opportunities, which are back-end loaded in '13 to present themselves, much like we did earlier this year with the debt issuance, the debt retirements we made. 
James Flaherty: Absolutely, just like you're going to see operator consolidation in hospitals, you'll see operator consolidation in post-acute skilled. You'll see operator consolidation quite possibly in senior housing. So that's the next -- we're moving into the maturing of the health care services sector in the country. And when that happens, you get all sorts of consolidation and we feel we are very well positioned, in large part because of the quality of the operating partners we have in our portfolio, and they're in turn likelihood that they will be the consolidators as opposed to the consolidatees to do well in this next period of -- what we expect will be very, very active transaction volumes. 
James Flaherty: Rob, I think we like to talk about the deals that we do, and so we think that those are really -- I mean, those are, with the exception of quite possibly the Medcap deal with HCA back in '03, which augured the arrival of Mr. Gallagher to the company, those are the 2 highest quality MOB portfolios. In terms of age, I think that Boyer portfolio's average age is 8 years old and then you got a lot of, not just on campus but big boy and big girl hospital systems, leading market share systems. And Scottsdale medical, Paul and I have spent an awful lot of time over there in the last couple of months with Tom Klaritch and our MOB colleagues and that's just a wonderful portfolio. So I think these are -- we're probably more excited than that probably. We are more excited about the quality of that real estate and the quality of those hospital systems than we are the economics and, by the way, the economics are pretty darn good. 
James Flaherty: I guess time will tell. We've got, as I said, I don't know if I mentioned to you before but we've got a very active dialogue across our 5x5 model, and the MOB property type is absolutely represented in that dialogue. 
James Flaherty: Well, no. I mean, the business opportunity set that Brookdale and ourselves identified was one of largely an independent living portfolio. And to bring that into the Brookdale family with their ancillary revenue capabilities and to take advantage of our attractive cost of capital and reposition that portfolio. So that's -- Paul will expand on that here, but that's the opportunity [indiscernible]. 
James Flaherty: Which is why we think it's highly unlikely we find ourselves in that scenario, but were we to find ourselves in that scenario, that, you could argue, would be an even more attractive outcome than the one we think we've struck with both the investment we made and in the corresponding 4-year debt placement to lock in that 1,100-basis point spread. 
James Flaherty: Yes, we're going to -- you should assume that, that's kind of mid-80s. There's -- because of the increasing incidence of that affliction, you're starting to see some significant ramping up of occupancy for that Arden Court portfolio and expansion of margins and things like that. We think this is a very attractive piece, albeit small, of the senior housing space. We think we've got a very meaningful amount of critical mass in the stand-alone piece. And over the course of the next 12 to 15 months, you may see us shine a little brighter light and potentially invest some additional capital into this space if the demand that we suspect is coming, in fact, turns out to be true. 
James Flaherty: Okay, everyone. Thank you for your time. Enjoy the rest of your summer. Stay cool. Go U.S. at the Olympics, and we'll see you in the fall. Take care. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, if you look at -- on the pure development, that's our LinkedIn property, that's 100% leased. If you look at the overall redevelopment sector right now, that's tracking at about 45% occupancy across the board, looking at all those assets and incremental return on cost range anywhere from probably 7.5% to kind of mid-teens type returns, depending on the amount of work associated with that. And then with respect to the development land, once those things are developed, we'll probably be looking at probably somewhere in the 7.5% to 8.5% return on cost kind of range. I think Derek Bower has one question. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes. I think if you look in the first quarter, there was probably a little bit more from the move-outs, both from a death and more broadly from an acuity standpoint. And that's one of the reasons why Brookdale has implemented the personal living and the therapy services to kind of help address some of those acuity issues. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes. Just as a reminder, when you look at the portfolio, there's still significant cash flow after the payment of HCP's rent and CapEx, it's over $120 million so there's still quite a bit of cushion there. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, Tayo, on that assisted living piece, that's 3 assets. And when you take into account Brookdale's new methodology, what we had in the first quarter supplemental, the 91.6% occupancy, would come down to 82.8%, and that's primarily because there's a lot of memory care in there and double occupancy. And based on the way they're accounting it, it has an impact. Now if you look at where it's actually coming in at, it's up 70 basis points this particular quarter versus the first quarter, utilizing the new methodology. And that's just more occupancy methodology doesn't have anything to do with impacting income or anything of that nature. 
James Milam: Jay, you talked a little bit about credit ratings and how you categorize your balance sheet as a weak A- credit. I'm just curious how conversations with the rating agencies are going if you're having any and when you think they might get on board with that view. 
James Milam: I understand that. I just -- there are some benefits to having higher ratings. I was just curious if that's a priority for you guys or not, I guess to push those higher with the agencies. 
James Milam: Okay, got it. And then Jay, just my last one, on the last quarter's call, you sounded -- you had a fairly cautious tone regarding the macro environment. It doesn't sound like that's changed much but I'm just curious if you feel like there are any changes either with tax code or anything else that may drive greater opportunities for you guys as we go into year end or on the contrary maybe could be a potential risk for you. 
Timothy Schoen: Actually, James, the expanded credit metrics that we have in our supplemental have been in direct response to our fixed income investors request. So we continue to provide them as much as transparency as possible. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. From that quarter-over-quarter, there was about $500,000 of expenses that should have been in the first quarter that really didn't get picked up until early in the second quarter. 
Timothy Schoen: I think the way we account for that is in the equity method for the investment. And it causes a recharacterization of part of our rent that we get from the leases because we have a 10% interest in the OpCo so. 
Timothy Schoen: We don't mark up the investment methods. We carry that our basis, and then as the investment makes -- as OpCo makes money, the investment increases. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, it's not a mark-to-market method like you would think it was with a security like stock. I think that's where you're going. 
Timothy Schoen: No, that was -- that -- on our insurance recovery, the $7 million insurance recovery, that's actually a recovery, but not a charge. I misspoke. It's a $0.02 insurance recovery. I should know you'd catch that, Rob. 
Timothy Schoen: You're right. That would be, our G&A run rate is $20 million is a good run rate, $19 million to $20 million during the quarter. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Tayo, obviously, we have partial year on those acquisitions. That's part of it, as well as the fact that we did end up raising capital very attractive rates and on very attractive terms in advance of these acquisitions, so that's some of it. Obviously, I did mention several small items that went the other way for $0.01. So I think that probably covers it for you. 
