James Flaherty: Thanks, John. Welcome to HCP's 2012 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me in Long Beach this morning are HCP's Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and HCP's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen. We will begin with a review of the results announced earlier today. And for that, I turn the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: Well, when we last gave the update, we hadn't closed the transaction yet, Jeff. We've now closed on 129 of the 133. We still have 4 properties that were waiting to come in once we clear some consents. So it's early days yet. But based on 2 months of actual data, EBITDAR is up relative to both where it was at the time of closing but more importantly up relative to our underwriting, which obviously is accretive to the coverage ratio. 
James Flaherty: Well, let me say -- let me make a couple of comments here. First of all, looking backwards, HCR has come through a very challenging 18 months. They've had the triple whammy, if you will, of the RUGs-IV cuts, changes to therapy reimbursement, which made it difficult for HCR to affect some of the cost reductions that they otherwise would have hoped to achieve. And then you've got the GL/PL litigation environment, which resulted in the reassessment by third-party actuaries of the company's potential liabilities for services provided in the prior 6 years. So that's kind of the context of the environment that they've been operating in. We now go -- we always like to look forward and, Jeff, you recall that about 18 months ago on our November '11 call when we were reporting the June 30, '11 coverage results, I had indicated that notwithstanding the fact that you would see the next couple of quarters reported by HCP of HCR coverage continue to go up. In fact, that was going to be a delayed reaction to the August 2011 CMS cuts, where that, in fact, has occurred. And now we're at the next inflection point, which is, you're now going to see these coverages rebound. So I take you to the fourth quarter results, which were quite strong for HCR. Admissions, 90% of which come from hospital discharges, and that's very significant for another reason, which we'll discuss in a minute, were up 3.2% in Q4 2012 versus Q4 2011. In 2012, HCR had its best year ever for patient quality and outcomes. And the Q4 census for each of HCR's 3 lines of business: skilled nursing, assisted living -- recall that 20% of our investment is in the assisted living, specifically the dementia memory care sector; and then their third line of business, home, health and hospice, were all quite strong. The company finished the year with 121 -- $120 million of cash on hand. That's projected to be at $145 million cash on hand at the end of 2013. They have got $100 million of availability of the line of credit. And in 2012, after the rent to HCP, after interest expense and after CapEx, they were positive cash flow to the tune of $50 million. So you're starting to see the lift that we had anticipated on the prior call. I think, in fact, on the prior call, I'd indicated that I expected Q3 2012 results to be a trough quarter were you to look at solely just the fourth quarter results for HCR. So not the trailing 12 months ending 12/31/12, which Paul just cited, but specifically the fourth quarter on a normalized basis, you would see that fixed charge coverage ratio as having increased versus the third quarter fixed charge coverage. So again, as we had indicated. Bringing it back to the overall headline, Jeff, we would expect in 2013 that fixed charge coverage ratio to be in excess of what the -- the 1.29 that was achieved in 2012. So that's a little bit about how we look at the -- a portion of our HCR investment. 
James Flaherty: I think we've got perfect information for the first quarter of fiscal 2013, which is the fourth quarter of calendar 2012. I think we're going to want to see another quarter or 2 before we get definitive on that. But not surprisingly, the trend, directionally, are going the way we anticipated them. Perhaps much more importantly, because we've also got our OpCo investment that we watch, and I want to bring you back to the comment about 90% of the admissions for HCR come out of hospitals. With what's going on in health care reform, at least as it relates to health care reform being -- taking place in the marketplace, you got some very, very positive developments here. You've got increasing acceptance on the part of both the hospitals and the payers towards risk sharing reimbursement. And when you've got a company like HCR that's got a fully built-out model with market concentrations, you take those cluster markets and they are the beneficiary right now of several CMS-sponsored pilot concepts, which are teaming and partnering HCR with large, managed care companies to create new reimbursement paradigms that are risk sharing in nature. And you'll start to hear more later this year, but perhaps probably more importantly 2014, you'll start to hear concepts like site neutral reimbursement and bundling. And all of these become wind at the back of the HCR platform that generates best outcomes for the lowest cost. 
James Flaherty: Again, I stand by my comments. The deal pipeline is quite robust. Good news for HCP. It cuts from left to right through our 5x5 model and from up to down through our 5x5 model. So we've got a number of opportunities that we're currently either diligence-ing or in dialogue on. I would say the following: I would say relative to a couple of years ago, there are more opportunities presenting themselves. And more in the case -- in the sense of A, absolute dollar value. More in the sense of B, just absolute number of transactions. And interestingly enough, C, more in the sense of different types of transactions. So that, again, I think that augurs well, given we've got our 5x5 model that cuts across a number of different property types in ways that HCP can in fact deploy our shareholders' capital. 
James Flaherty: I would say we're seeing -- we're having very good leasing results. Witness our all-time high occupancy at 12/31, which obviously is expected to, rolling forward 12 months, be at an even higher occupancy by the end of '13. I would say the demand is not the intensity or fever pitch demand that we saw kind of back in '06 and '07. I think a lot of these corporations are being a little more measured in terms of, A, how much space they want and B, where they want that space. So I would say it's -- I would say it's muted. It's positive, but it's muted, would be the way I'd describe it. 
James Flaherty: Yes. So we'll see. We're very pleased with that opportunity. It was very opportunistic, but in the context of a platform or a flag or a stake in the ground, I think people ought to understand the overall size of it. 
James Flaherty: Yes, Tim, why don't you maybe talk about where we are with the zoning on the -- this is The Cove property, Paul, you're referring to? And then maybe talk a little bit about the demand. 
James Flaherty: But Paul, Paul Gallagher, mentioned the spot occupancy increases on our RIDEA JV, which is up 120 basis points, and our Sunrise mansions continue to perform quite well. So -- and then you saw the -- I think some of the summary of the Brookdale results, which came out last night. So again, in terms of positive trends, I don't recall a year feeling this good across the board as this one. You've got nice momentum in senior housing, particularly the metrics that got stronger during 2012 as the year went on. I've already alluded to some of the lift we're seeing at HCR in their fourth quarter results. The HCA results speak for themselves. And then -- so -- and you've got MOB and life science at all-time high occupancies, which are projected to go up from there, so. And again, this is against the backdrop of the 2012 Same Property Performance of 4.2%. In 2011, we were up 4%. And in 2010, we were up 4.8%. So we feel very, very good about not only where we've come from, but where we're going here the next 12, 18, 24 months. 
James Flaherty: Nothing aside from the one particular asset in our hospital space that Paul alluded to that's subject to a purchase option that's been exercised. 
James Flaherty: No. No, in fact, I mean, if there would be, they'd be in our guidance. So there aren't any, so there aren't any in our guidance. But the January roll down, that was the space we've talked to you previously about, where Takeda came out of one of our South San Francisco properties and we moved them down into San Diego, albeit at a lower, at a rent roll down. So we moved some of that vacancy internally within our portfolio from North to South to accommodate a strategic move on the part of Takeda. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think -- I think a couple of things. One, we want our actual metrics to be reflected appropriately with the ratings. So if you take a look right now at things like fixed charge coverage ratio, particularly if you look at the fourth quarter that Tim cuffed at 3.8x and you take a look at fourth quarter debt to EBITDA, which actually was slightly under 5.0, and you take a look at our secured debt ratio at 12/31, which is 8.6%, those are significantly better than the 2 weak single A-rated credit. And if you go back to my last 3 or 4 calls, I've consistently talked about our credit metrics in the context of them being weak single A credit metrics. So that's a fact. Now if the other side of the argument would be yes, but if you take a look at things like tenant concentration, HCP has a tenant concentration that's much more concentrated than the 2 single A-rated REITs that are above us, which I think is a legitimate point. So I think the way we look at it is, we've got tremendous momentum right now with our balance sheet. I think -- I believe that balance sheets are things to take advantage of and create shareholder value from and not things to put on a mantle and admire. And I think the fact that we've got the active deal environment that we're in right now with -- not just a balance sheet, a significant balance sheet capacity, Michael, but if you think about things like capacity to do incremental RIDEA transactions, we've got great, great swath of runway there. If you take a look at things like secured debt, because a lot of times when you make acquisitions, they come with secured debt on them. We're way down on our secured debt metric, and we don't have competing operating platforms in some of these sectors. So we're in a very interesting position on a number of fronts. You mentioned the balance sheet, but there's a number of other more subtle fronts that we're equally well-positioned in. 
James Flaherty: If the economics were -- made sense for HCP's shareholders, absolutely. But given the absolute dollar amount of rents we've got coming to us from LinkedIn and Google, the escalators in those leases and then the underlying credit, those are very attractive to the extent that we love our assets, but we're not in love with our assets. So economically, it would have to make sense, Michael. 
James Flaherty: That would certainly be an arrow in our quiver as we look at the strategic universe of opportunities we have in front of us. 
James Flaherty: This strategically becomes quite fascinating and while you may be new to our calls, I would just emphasize that our whole strategic direction in terms of the counterparties we want to be interacting with, they absolutely have to have the following 3 criteria: And the first and most important is quality outcomes. The second is critical mass. And that you should interpret that to be market share and local market share. That's why I talk about these cluster markets and density metrics. And then the third criteria is efficient operations, which is another way of margin, i.e., you've got to make money. So we aggressively seek out counterparties that have those 3 criteria, and we aggressively move counterparties that don't have even 1 of those 3 criteria out of our portfolio and off to the side. In a separate conversation, we can bring you up to speed as to who came in and who came out over the last 3 or 4 years. Now, however, we're moving into what I call kind of market-driven health care reform. And this is where footprints like HCR, like Brookdale, particularly with their ancillary revenue platform, like Emeritus, like Genesis, even to a certain extent, like Sunrise, although they're obviously lower acuity. That's where you're going to create some real value here, particularly as you drill into where you've got overlapping concentrations in specific markets. So we, to answer your question, we haven't made some introductions. We are not operators. But we have put a number of the folks in our portfolio together, discussions are ongoing, and I think they tend to be -- they tend to quickly move towards specific markets where there's overlaps, as opposed to entity-wide or enterprise-wide sorts of situations. I will also tell you that the other 2 types of organizations that are involved in those discussions are acute care hospitals, as well as payors, the HMO. So again, I'm -- personally, I'm fascinated to watch all this play out. But when you have a platform like HCR, who has 90% of its admissions coming from hospital discharges, those hospitals, you may have seen an article yesterday, there's an article that came out that talked about the punitive penalties that will come to fruition to the detriment of the acute care hospitals if patients are discharged and then they have to be readmitted. And this is where a quality partner like HCR -- and again, I would -- I have very good things to say about Genesis, too. But certainly, HCR, with their quality, their clinical, their commitment to clinical outcomes and their ability to partner with payors and hospitals in risk sharing schemes, that is really going to drive some value. And that is what will make our OpCo investment worth significantly more than what it is today in the coming years. So that's a little bit of kind of -- that's a '14, '15 sort of a view as to what's going to happen here. 
James Flaherty: Why, I think what helps us is making risk-adjusted accretive transactions. So again, we're -- we don't pretend to be operators. We are delighted to be riding in the passenger seat of a car that's driven by HCA or HCR or Brookdale or Emeritus, Genentech, Amgen. So where we can be helpful, I think, is being a good capital partner for their real estate needs. That's why if you take a look at our 2012 acquisition volume, that's why I made the point of emphasis that 87% of our 2012 acquisition volume was all repeat business with existing customers. So being responsive to the folks that are in our portfolio today and helping them with their real estate needs is absolutely our top priority. There is, quite frankly, a possibility, I think, in a couple of sectors, in acute care hospitals, Jack, is one of them, that you may see more opportunities for real estate exposure to come into the health care REIT domain, and obviously, we'll  -- if and when those occur, we would certainly look at those and evaluate those. 
James Flaherty: I think -- at the time we made our -- at the time we bought the joint venture partner out at the 7% cap rate and had moved that over to Brookdale, we indicated it would be -- based on our discussion with Brookdale, an 18-month plus or minus timeframe to transition the properties to Brookdale from Horizon Bay and put the necessary CapEx in that Brookdale felt was appropriate to capitalize on the opportunity. We are now -- I think, we announced that deal, Jana, in September of '11. So we're still a couple of months shy of that 18-month window which we had indicated to The Street would be all about transitioning and getting the portfolio up to speed. We're quite pleased with where we are today. I think Paul cuffed the fourth quarter increase in occupancy for that portfolio, which was 120 basis points. So we would expect in 2013 that, that will have a nice result for our shareholders. But we did experience drag from that portfolio in 2012, which was expected at the time we announced the transaction. So that's the answer to the first part of your question. With respect to the second part of your question, no, I don't think there's anything that we've seen that would cause us to change our underwriting discipline. I think the headline here is that if we can achieve RIDEA-like NOI growth without the RIDEA operating risk, that's first prize. And obviously, we are able to achieve that in a very, very significant measure with our October 31, 2012, closing on the Blackstone JV with Emeritus. We may do some more of that, we may do some more RIDEA, but it will all be in the context of looking at risk-adjusted returns. 
James Flaherty: Karin, -- it's really -- we've only had, I guess what, 60 days of actual results. So even if -- it would be difficult for anything to change just in 60 days, but the financing terms, particularly the debt that we had used to indicate the accretion upon announcement on that transaction, we greatly exceeded to the benefit of HCP shareholders. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think -- the best -- our best and most current view on that, Karin, would be to have Paul -- what did you have for Same Property Performance guidance for '13 in MOBs? It is up to your point, Karin. Let me hear... 
James Flaherty: So it's up over 100 basis points right there, Karin. So I think directionally, you're onto something there. And we'll watch that as the year unfolds. 
James Flaherty: We generally don't like to talk about transactions that haven't been announced yet. But that portfolio is an interesting portfolio. Those 3 hospitals were part of the original -- I'm going to date some of you on this call here, get ready. When American Medical International created a REIT in the early 1990s, called American Health Properties, they seeded that REIT with some of their acute care hospital portfolio. In 1999, HCP acquired that REIT, and that is how these 3 hospitals came on to the balance sheet of HCP. These 3 hospitals are subject to leases that were struck back in the early '90s, and at this point, all 3 of these hospitals are generating below market rent. If we really wanted to take a razor-sharp pencil to our non-stabilized pool, you could intellectually make the argument that these 3 hospitals ought to be included in that non-stabilized portfolio. So we view this as a win-win for HCP, either one or more of the hospital rents will be moved to market, which will be accretive to our shareholders, or these 3 hospitals will be acquired by Tenet, and it's at a fair market value purchase option and we'll have the opportunity to reinvest those proceeds in -- and get something that's more equivalent to tuck [ph] -- some market returns. So we're kind of indifferent with respect to the outcome. Tenet has done a nice job of -- on a number of internal and strategic moves, and their cost of capital, like many of our counterparties, has improved. And they did a debt transaction actually just last week. So we're really outcome-indifferent there, but we do think, either way, it's going to be a win-win for HCP shareholders. 
James Flaherty: I'm not sure. Explain a little bit more what you mean by transitioning. I get -- I understand what earnings growth is. What do you mean by credit enhancing vehicle? I'm not sure I understand it. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think it's probably a bit of both. I think -- where were we? I guess we were down in NAREIT in San Diego in November and I was on a panel with George and Debbie, I'd made the point that I felt that all the health care REITs, not just HCP, but all the health care REITs, were underrated relative to their credit metrics. There's, obviously, been some positive news since I made those comments in November. My guess is there'll be some more positive news in the space. But I don't think -- I don't see that, Rich (sic) [Josh], as an end of itself. I think of that as a means and because now, for every dollar of incremental acquisition, if we have a lower cost of capital, they'll be more accretive to our shareholders. Much like -- I go back to my comments on our operating efficiency and our G&A. We now have a platform that's very well built out. So the incremental dollar of the acquisition volume, we don't need to add a new management team or new sector management or what have you. We've got a lot of critical mass. So if anything, I actually think -- the more I think about your question, Rich (sic) [Josh], I think it actually accelerates the first part, which is the earnings growth as opposed to I think the credit enhancement, more efficient operations, squeezing more juice out of the portfolio, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, commitment to sustainability. I think all of those things are going to come together to make certainly HCP, as I can't speak for my peers, but certainly HCP's earnings potential that much more attractive. 
James Flaherty: Yes. I don't think you want to confuse us with operators. So blurred lines into operations is not kind of our -- I don't think that's where we create value. Timing-wise, it would be -- as I've just taken you through the metrics, I mean, you're at an inflection point, in my view, in the HCR business model, and the 1 or 2 models away from them that share similar sorts of dynamics, which are commitment to clinical, high-quality, clinical outcomes, a large percent -- a disproportionately large percent of your admissions coming from acute care hospitals, things like that. So I think from a timing standpoint, much like I predicted 1.5 years ago, that you're going to see coverages come down. I think now you're on the backside of that cycle. So from a timing standpoint, a think it would be good. I think we are sensitive to REIT rules and things of that nature, which should pretty much keep us at the under the 9.9% number. And I'd also add that, recall that our true economic basis in that investment is effectively 0 because recall that at the time of closing on the HCR transaction, we exercised the call option on the share block that had gone to the private equity firm that we acquired that from. And there was a big pop between the price of the shares at the time we announced the deal versus the time we closed. And we, obviously, exercised that option and the value that we've created there for shareholders for HCP, we effectively reinvested in OpCo. So the true economic basis in that OpCo investment as opposed to the accounting basis is next to nothing. 
James Flaherty: I'm very relaxed about that. I mean, I think good people do good things. I think our Sunrise Mansions -- I don't know if we have highlighted or called the performance of our mansions out. If it's not, we can think about that maybe in the supplemental. But they're performing quite well. They're north of 91% occupied. And we couldn't be more pleased with the momentum we have in that mansion product. Recall some of our earlier discussions about moving the BGs, the Brighton Gardens and those things to some of our other partners. And George Chapman runs a very good shop, so we're -- and KKR. They're looking to maximize value for the investments. So we're quite relaxed on all those fronts. 
James Flaherty: Well, when you say capacity, from HCP's standpoint, the capacity to do that is just short of unlimited, right? Given the balance sheet, horsepower we've got right now, and given the fact that we've got a de minimis amount of exposure to RIDEA and given the fact that we've got industry-leading, low secured debt exposure. So from our standpoint, the capacity is in the multiples of billions of dollars. It takes 2 to tango, so you'd have to have a counterparty or counterparties, plural, that were prepared to move forward on a similar transaction. And that really remains to be seen. So I think that would be a way to answer that question, Nic. 
James Flaherty: I think it depends a little bit on the nature of the owner. I think in the transactions that we've reviewed in the last couple of years, I would tell you, I think, the private equity capital is probably a little less willing to accept some of those fixed escalators, where the -- versus the operators, particularly the operators that have well built out platforms and are in some of these markets and maybe are a little closer to what's going on from an operating performance standpoint. I think they're a little more willing to do that. That would be the way I'd kind of -- I kind of bifurcate the pool of prospective sellers into those 2 buckets, Nic. 
James Flaherty: Well, let's take them one at a time. Unlike a number of its peers, HCR has very, very little outpatient therapy, Tayo, to start with. So to the extent there's much there, any additional cuts there will be more than offset by continued growth in the other HCR business lines as well as the delay in sequestration. But I think people ask us about the property level coverage versus the entity level coverage. The reason why we are so focused on entity level coverage is there's a lot more here than just the skilled nursing post-acute. You've got 2 other lines of business, one being assisted living, with the Arden Court product, which is positioned to almost exclusively in the dementia memory care. And I think you've got better than most a good idea as to what the demand drivers and performance drivers are in dementia memory care right now. And then you've got home, health and hospice, which had a very, very good year. So you got a lot coming together. Those are very, very helpful, particularly right now. The real driver is going to be when in '14 and in '15, when HCR unveils some of the fully built out tactics and strategies in their cluster markets that they're in the process of doing pilot concepts on right now with United Healths of the world and people like that. 
James Flaherty: Mike, the first part of your question got cut off. Could you take it from the top, and then we can answer. 
James Flaherty: Okay. Well, HCR is most definitely not a RIDEA transaction, that's a triple net lease with fixed escalators with corporate entity guarantees and things like that. Separate and apart from that, as I just mentioned, we do have a small minority interest in the OpCo. But as I mentioned to you, that came to us effectively in a trade for some economics, so that our economic basis in that investment is next to 0. That is not a RIDEA exposure, that's a triple net exposure. The only true RIDEA exposure we have would be our joint venture with Brookdale. And that concerns 21 properties. And I think Paul talked to you in his formal remarks with some of the momentum we have right there, right now in terms of senior housing gains. So you bring all that back, first prize for us is we get upsized economics with downsized risk, we've been able to do that on some very large transactions in the last couple of years. But we're obviously aware of the market and what's going on there. So we look at everything the same way. We look at everything on a risk-adjusted basis and when the returns are there and they're accretive to FAD so that we can continue to grow the dividend and move into the 29th year next year of dividend increases, we'll pull the trigger. 
James Flaherty: Yes, I said transaction -- I don't think I used the transaction, I think I used the words deal environment and I specifically talked about the dialogue. The dialogue, again, which generally tends to be a pretty good leading indicator, I don't think there's any question that the dialogue right now -- the dollar values involved with the acquisition dialogue that's out there are significantly in excess of where they were a year ago. Now what if any of that translates from deal discussion to actual deals remains to be seen. But I was very specific about how I described the current environment. 
James Flaherty: Yes, so the takeaway there, Todd, was that in 2012, they actually funded, double the amount, the required amount that was in our lease and that required amount, that doesn't go away, that's in our lease every year. 
James Flaherty: With an eye towards building out their portfolio in anticipation of some of these strategic opportunities that they expect will present themselves with some of the themes I've already talked on this call. 
James Flaherty: I don't think we disclosed our projected occupancies, Michael. We do -- just for Michael's benefit, the same product performance for medical office, we've cuffed this year at a range between 3.25% and 4.25%, so you got a midpoint there, Michael, of up 3.75% for medical office and for life science, if you assume, you've got to counteract a lot of the onetime positive developments that happened in '12. If you want to take this out, you're looking at up 1% to up 2%, same product performance in life science. I would tell you that we anticipate both those portfolios having higher occupancy at 12/31/2013 than they certainly had at 12/31/2012. 
James Flaherty: Tom, I appreciate the question, I appreciate why you're asking the question, but we have kind of a long-standing policy. We just don't comment on -- we're delighted to kind of take you through chapter and verse on any deals that we've announced, but we just do not comment at all on prospective transaction activity. 
James Flaherty: Yes. I mean, we would definitely. These credit rating upgrades are -- they don't roll-off the table easily. So I think we're very sensitive about the progress we've made there, and kind of detailed. And you probably got a better sense than almost anybody in this call, Tom, as to how much better those credit metrics are than a composite of BBB+ rated grade [ph] credits, which is why I've been talking about weak single A metrics. But certainly, we would take all that into consideration, and again, we like RIDEA-type returns without the RIDEA-type risks. So as jumping off point, that's step one, to the extent  we go down the RIDEA route, it would have to compensate us for all the risks, which include, but don't stop at operating risk but also to the extent anything would change in our capital structure. But I think it's very unlikely you're going to see us do anything dramatic to our balance sheet. We are -- everything we underwrite is at a 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity capital structure. So we're not big fans of secured debt. Sometimes you got to bring it on as part of a transaction. But you saw what we did with the Blackstone JV where all that secured debt went away at closing. So we're pretty sensitive about our credit metrics. 
James Flaherty: Well, again, I don't think you can generalize. I think every deal dynamic has its own unique set of statistics. I have described in the past the Nirvana scenario for a private equity investor that had an existing investment in a senior housing portfolio. And Nirvana was -- able -- the ability to bifurcate the existing C corp investment into PropCo, OpCo, monetize to PropCo at an attractive valuation, but monetize it at an attractive valuation without the existence of a triple net lease, which requires, Tom, not only the fixed escalators that you've talked about, but also requires them to shoulder the liability for the CapEx. Whereas in a RIDEA, I think people oftentimes focus on just the escalators. But that CapEx liability journals over to the balance sheet from the operator to the landlord in a RIDEA structure. So that's why we look at all those with all those factors involved. But again, I think it's -- I wouldn't start generalizing. I think every deal has got its own sort of pace and unique set of characteristics. I think you got to look at them on a one-off basis. 
James Flaherty: Okay. Thanks, everybody for your time. I know today was a busy earnings day, so happy Valentine's Day, and we'll be seeing a number of you shortly on the conference circuit. Take care. Thank you.
Paul Gallagher: They are up just a little bit over where we had underwritten. So they're performing ahead of schedule. 
Paul Gallagher: Right. Right. It was primarily driven by our -- in senior housing by our transitioned assets that we transitioned away from Sunrise as well as performance in our Sunrise portfolio. 
Paul Gallagher: Well, there's rent bumps in that fourth quarter, Paul. So you have a tendency to see more of our senior housing portfolio steps in the fourth quarter. So you have a tendency to see a higher sequential growth rate. So again, quarters are lumpy, but that's why the fourth quarter is a little larger than what you would see for the year. 
Paul Gallagher: But to give you a little bit more color, Paul, on the senior housing 2013 growth rate, it's contractual rent steps and continued outsized rent steps on our transitioned assets from Sunrise, to give you an idea going forward. 
Paul Gallagher: Right now, we have one portfolio that's subject to a purchase option at the end of 2013. But our guidance takes into account either that's going to get negotiated for an extension or sale proceeds will be redeployed. And if -- no other real material purchase options in the near term. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, just to put an order of magnitude on it, they were kind of at an all-time high rental rate in their space in South San Francisco at $5.50 a square foot, and we moved them down into San Diego, into pure office space where they're paying substantially less than that. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Paul, obviously, the property you mentioned is adjacent to our existing Oyster Point project. It can go either office. Currently, first of all, it's in the entitlement process. We anticipate completing that midyear. And we can do either office or lab in those buildings, as you know the makeup of that building -- the makeup of that type of the building is generally suburban office. It can go either way. So we continue to look at opportunities, both on the office and the life science side, and we'll be entitled for both in about -- in size-wise about 850,000 to 900,000 feet. 
Timothy Schoen: We assume a 5% management fee when calculating that EBITDAR number. But they run about 100 basis points lower than that. 
Timothy Schoen: And about 1/3 of that capital, Todd, was to expand the existing portfolio and expand their operations. 
