Mark Theine: Thanks Jeff. We started 2018 with key objectives for the operations team, including driving organic growth through proactive asset management, improving the quality of our portfolio, and expanding our property management platform. As we look back at last year, we have achieved these key goals. In 2018, same-store NOI growth for the full year was 3.1% or 1.9% if the one-time termination fee at the Fox Valley MOB is excluded. As Jeff mentioned, fourth quarter same-store NOI growth was 1.3%, driven by a 1.8% increase in rental revenues, 20% increase in operating expense recoveries, and offset by an 18% increase in operating expenses. This larger than usual year-over-year increase in operating expenses is attributable to the rise in real estate taxes at the Baylor Cancer Center, as well as MOBs in Austin and Houston. The increase in operating expense recoveries to offset this rise in taxes demonstrates the inflated nature of our cash flow from triple net leases. In 2018, we significantly improved the long-term quality of our portfolio by selling 34 older and smaller assets. These properties averaged 31,000 square feet each, were 82% leased, 25 years old, and only had 27% investment-grade rated tenants. We recycled the capital from the sale of these assets into four new properties totaling 620,000 square feet. These new acquisitions averaged 155,000 square feet each, were 96% leased and only 5 years old, with limited CapEx needed in the future. Three of the four 2018 acquisitions were with existing tenants in the portfolio, demonstrating DOC's position as their preferred real estate owner. Stepping back and reviewing our progress over the last few years, we have improved the quality of our portfolio substantially through both acquisitions and dispositions, including the disposition of nearly half of the legacy IPO portfolio. Simply stated, DOC's portfolio transformation is real. Three years ago, 26% of our tenants were investment-grade rated, compared with 53% today, and 84% of our Top 10 tenancy is investment-grade rated. We believe these new investments will provide outstanding returns for years to come and reflect the standard of exceptional quality for our acquisitions in the future. Speaking of our Top 10 tenants, we would like to congratulate Catholic Health Initiatives and Dignity Health on completing their merger and rebranding under the new name, Common Spirit Health, effective February 1st. Turning to our portfolio, in 2018, we completed over 1 million square feet of leasing activity. In the fourth quarter, specifically, we completed 270,000 square feet of leasing activity, with positive leasing spreads of 3.9%. In total, we completed 146,000 square feet of lease renewals, with an average lease term of 8.8 years, resulting in a tenant retention rate of 53%. The retention rate, however, was 77% in Q4 if you exclude the El Paso specialty hospital that John previously mentioned. We also completed almost 125,000 square feet of new leases, with an average lease term of 11.8 years. We continue to see strong leasing momentum from our hospital partners for new space and the ability to push rent and annual rent escalators in lease renewals. In fact, 90% of our leasing activity in 2018 contained an average rent escalator of 2.5% or greater. We are proud to report that fourth quarter rent concessions were low, with no free rent and very little TI required to renew our existing healthcare provider partners. Approximately 60% of the leases renewed in the quarter did not require any TI and the remaining 40% averaged $1.57 per square foot per year. Tenant improvements for new leases were approximately $2.29 per square foot per year during the quarter. In 2018, we invested a total of $19.8 million in tenant improvements, recurring CapEx, and leasing commissions, or just 7% of the portfolio's cash NOI. The low investment capital expenditures relative to our peers is driven primarily by the physical quality of our buildings we have bought, attention to deferred maintenance, and our low lease expirations scheduled during the year. In 2019, we expect capital investment to continue to trend on course at approximately $4 million to $5 million per quarter. As we begin 2019, we have built a high-quality portfolio, operated by exceptional asset management and leasing teams that continue to deliver bottom line results. We successfully expanded these teams recently by replacing third-party property managers and directly hiring managers to the DOC team in Kentucky and Ohio, markets representing approximately 1.1 million square feet or 15% of our multitenant portfolio. As always, our commitment to relationships and service excellence for our healthcare partners nationwide is the trademark of the DOC difference, ultimately driving tenant retention, cost efficiencies, and profitable, consistent growth for our shareholders. With that, I'll turn the call back to John.
Mark Theine: Drew, this is Mark Theine. Jeff threw out the 10% number but we're really working to manage our CapEx efficiently and be in the $4 million to $5 million per quarter in 2019.
Mark Theine: Chad, this is Mark. We actually had a positive net absorption for the fourth quarter, a small number if you exclude that El Paso hospital, but the drop in occupancy that you're referencing is a direct correlation to the El Paso facility.
John Thomas: Yes, Mike, it's hard to explain. It was a surprise to us, as we said in my comments. We had about three weeks' notice. And, as I said, they had never missed a rent payment and the hospital had been very successful for a very long time. So, the physicians that were employed there and were also part owners were as surprised as we were. So, can't explain the decision but it was made and, like I said, working with the physicians, quickly moved both their employment and the lease to the medical office facility that they occupied to Tenet Healthcare and have a lot of interest in the facility. So, not a great situation but we think it's short-term.
John Thomas: Yes, we do believe that. And three national healthcare operators are actively touring it, evaluating it, looking at data and due diligence from us, and building a business pro forma around it. El Paso is still a growing community. It's fairly tightly bedded on any kind of bed-to-population standard. And, more importantly, this facility has 10 ORs. It was primarily a surgical hospital and the orthopedic surgeons who were part owners and employees who are still there in the community want to come back and start practicing in it again. So, it's a very desirable location and place, particularly for physicians and efficiency for both inpatient and outpatient surgery.
John Thomas: No, it's secured and locked up and we're taking care of it, obviously, but whoever - if one of the other hospitals in the community opens it, they can open it under their license and do it pretty quickly. If somebody wanted to come in on a de novo basis, it would take a little more time but still wouldn't take too much time. So, the hospital could be up and operating within days, depending on which hospital operator decides to lease it from us.
John Thomas: No, we still are attracted to off-campus outpatient care facilities, particularly if they are leased to a credit-quality health system, which is what 603 is all about. The AHA, the number of hospitals that are suing CMS over the payment cut, because it's directly contrary to the plain language of Section 603, there's a bipartisan letter that came out of the Senate with, I think, 70 or 80 signatures. I don't think they have any problem addressing the situation if they have to do it legislatively. But bottom line is we underwrite every facility based on what its current revenue and what its current reimbursement rates look like. We're not dependent upon just the statute and the regulatory protection as the basis for our decision. It's really about what are the services there, how much revenue are they generating. As you said, physicians in non-hospitals can be successful in locations like that. So, it's a nice addition with the grandfathered status and we think it's particularly valuable for the long-term renewal rates of the hospitals in those locations to protect that grandfathered status. So, bottom line is we still underwrite every facility and monitor every facility on our current basis based upon what CMS is paying them.
John Thomas: Jonathan, I think our watch list and issues that we've had to deal with in the past is healthier than ever and stronger than ever. We certainly evaluate - when we brought in and created the credit watch group and underwriting team that reports to Jeff, one of the things that they went back and did as went through all our leases and started tracking down financials and monitoring that and have visibility on the vast majority of all of our tenants, particularly all of our large tenants of any size. So, that's been a very helpful team to build and they're doing a great job. So, again, still working through the sale of the hospital in El Paso and probably a change of ownership in San Antonio, which will be an enhancement overall, but those issues have been largely taking care of themselves.
John Thomas: I'd say we haven't seen a meaningful change, Jonathan. I think the four that have traded haven't measured up on a quality basis to, say, the Duke portfolio and there are some high-quality portfolios floating around right now. We'll see what those print at. But, for the most part, I think Jeff's dead on. We're seeing lots of great opportunities with our relationships at the cap rates that you suggested.
John Thomas: Jonathan, we look at everything and evaluate everything that's on the market, but we tend to stay off-market and that's where we find the best value and have the best opportunities with our relationships.
John Thomas: Yes, Jordan, we've got a pretty good pipeline we're working on so line of sight to the midpoint of that number and expect that to appear pretty quickly.
John Thomas: Yes, at least three of the suitors, if you will, who are interested in the facility have inquired about a purchase or a lease. So, we're evaluating those options. We've received written offers that we're evaluating but our primary desire is to lease the facility again. The operators that are evaluating and interested in it are high-quality tenants that we would like to have a relationship with.
John Thomas: I think we'll have it resolved first half, it's just a matter of how quickly we can get them back in there and get it open and operating. It can be quick, just depending upon which one of the operators we end working a deal out with.
John Thomas: Yes, it's one of our large healthcare developer client relationships who took down some land and is in the process of finalizing the plans, has a lease with an investment-grade tenant. So, at this point, you can view it as a short-term bridge to the bigger development project. But we're evaluating whether or not we'll participate or work that deal out with him on the second project but, in the near term, it's a good investment and well-secured.
John Thomas: Yes, Vikram, this is J.T. We're going to continue to, in markets where it makes sense and where we have scale and we can gain those efficiencies. And there are some other markets where we're planning to head in that direction in the near term. I don't think we'll ever find it - in some markets, it's better to work with our third-party partners, like we already do. They're the ones with the existing health system relationships and have brought us into those relationships with them and they're great partners. They do a great job. And in markets where we have scale and otherwise, it's our relationships that we're primarily working through, we're going to continue to in-house where we can.
John Thomas: Great question. The short answer is no. They don't overlap in any markets today and we had lots of dialogue with them throughout their process of merging and getting their thoughts on which markets are going to support the best and where there might be some markets that they want to exit. So, as of today, we don't have any knowledge of any particular market that they plan to exit and we had pretty detailed conversations with them about this. As you know, CHI started the process of selling Kentucky One before they completed the merger with Dignity. So, they are continuing to process that sale. It's kind of unrelated to the Dignity merger. We've got great relationships with Dignity and the combined C Suite there has a heavy component of the Dignity Health team but a lot of our CHI leadership that we work directly with are continuing on in critical roles in the organization. So, we're really excited about it. We think it's going to strengthen their balance sheet and strengthen their operations and strengthen the overall coverage of our facilities across the country.
John Thomas: Yes, I won't put a dollar value on it but the clients that we have where we've done this consistently over the last couple of years and now that we're funding some development projects more directly with developers, we think the pipeline is pretty significant. I think we announced the one project today. That's with an existing developer relationship and an existing national credit-rated tenant and we think there's a pipeline with that development company and that particular tenant but there's also others, from Phoenix to Texas and other markets where we're actively working with the health systems. And we'll continue to invest in Georgia, where we have fantastic relationships and see more economic growth and opportunity there.
John Thomas: Yes, it's a great question, Vikram. We always evaluate that kind of situation. We've only had a small handful over the five-year life of the company. But, in all candor, we'd been working with that tenant, evaluating and monitoring them, and had been given every assurance that they were kind of continuing on and committed to the facility and the market. And then they did a 180 within weeks and closed. So, it's hard to explain how to change that result in that particular situation. But, like I said, the upside opportunity with the other operators that are interested in that facility are better.
John Thomas: John, if I had a rational explanation for the decision, I would share it with you. I mean, best way to summarize it is that it's a national operator who had one facility in the market and decided to exit the market and do it on a moment's notice. We really had three weeks of notice before they closed the doors. So, it was no expectation at all. The physicians who were employed there and were part owners of the hospital had no notice either. And, like I said, it was a quick turnaround. That is a very strong healthcare market and there are two large, national operators that are there and they're very strong and tough competition for anybody. So, it may have been that they didn't think they could compete with them but they had for a long time and had been very successful for a long time. We really can't explain the situation but, like I said, we've got four good operators that we think will step in there.
John Thomas: Yes, I think we wouldn't anticipate a termination fee. We are pursuing, in their liquidation process, claims, but they're liquidating so we'll have to see how that plays out. But the reason we did quantify it by quarter, in particular, is we think it could be a quick turnaround resolution, but it depends upon which operator we end up working an arrangement out with. And it could be temporary, it could bleed into the year depending upon the ability to get the facility relicensed or brought under one of the existing licenses in town and we think that's a strong likelihood.
John Thomas: Yeah, Chad, so it's two buildings. One's a surgical hospital and one's a medical office building. And to be clear, the medical office building is not on the campus. It's an off-campus building that, primarily, the orthopedic surgeons who were employed by the hospital and were part owners of that hospital occupied at the time this occurred. So, we just turned around, they stayed right where they were, and changed their employment to Tenet and then Tenet signed a new lease on that building. So, the impact of this decision, about one-third of it was the MOB and that's what's been released. So, now we're working through with hospital operators who are interested in leasing and/or buying the hospital facility. It's a surgical hospital so not a huge building.
John Thomas: Yeah. So, to be clear, they didn't honor their lease, the terms or the financial terms, once they decided to close. So, we will pursue claims and I said I wouldn't expect a lease termination fee. This has been a long-term facility, been well-operated. This operator bought the operator who built it and ran it for a very long time with the physicians there and we owned it before they were involved. So, the relationship with that operator - we didn't have anything extraordinary, credit enhancements, or guarantees from that operator standing behind that lease that they purchased from another party. We typically do and we typically get - particularly if we're making a new investment with a new operator, we would get those kind of credit enhancements. It's a case by case basis. You don't have it with every facility.
John Thomas: The tenant is liquidating. So, as they collect receivables, we're making claims against those receivables like their other creditors.
John Thomas: A very small percentage of CPI. We've been working those into some leases in this environment. But the vast majority are fixed. And even if there's a CPI, there would be a floor and probably a ceiling banding around that CPI adjustment.
John Thomas: Yeah. Thank you very much for joining us today. I know there are a number of investor conferences over the next few weeks. We look forward to seeing you at those meetings. Thank you for your time.
Jeff Theiler: Jonathan, yes, that's a great question. And you should be modeling that each year. I think you'll see a very similar pattern.
Jeff Theiler: Certainly, we're going to look at both of those sources as we look to fund the pipeline. We're probably pretty near target leverage right now. So, it's going to depend a little bit on how fast we can generate these acquisitions and the interest that we can get in selling our properties slated for disposition. As we talked about, these are good properties and so we are looking for good pricing on them. So, that's going to factor into what sources of capital we're able to tap.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Drew, I mean, so that is an AFFO-neutral change. As a practical matter, we didn't have a ton of G&A that we were capitalizing in that manner. We started to try to work toward this guidance implementation earlier. So, most of the G&A that you see is kind of an increase in the cost of running the company, increase in salaries and benefits for the best-in-class staff that we have. So, there's some benefit from capitalization but it's not a lot.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, so that's going to be - I guess that would be inclusive of acquisitions, some take-out type deals, and limited development. If we do mezzanine loans, you're going to see interest rates that are well above that range. Typically, our mezzanine rates of return are kind of in the 8% to 9% range.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, so, embedded in the leverage, I guess - or, as I mentioned, we're at or near our target leverage. Right? So, you consider that to be 65% equity, 35% debt or so. So, for modeling purposes, that might be an easy way to do it - 65% equity. The wild card is whether or not we're able to reach agreement on some of these assets slated for disposition. That will obviously affect the amount of equity issued.
Jeff Theiler: So, the assets slated for disposition include the foundation El Paso asset, not the El Paso specialty hospital. That's not in there right now. We don't think it will be. So, those are assets, they've been in there for a few quarters now, and we just determined they're non-core and are looking to sell them. But, again, as you heard in our same-store remarks, I mean, they're performing well so there's not a huge - we're not willing to take any price. We're willing to sell them at the right price.
Jeff Theiler: I mean, we thought we had - we were close to selling two of them. We think we'll be close to selling two of them again, probably sooner rather than later. But, again, we're evaluating all prices that come in.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. So, the disposition bucket includes one small building in Florida that it's just kind of away from the rest of our operations and it's a little bit isolated. So, that's the reason that one is in there. The other ones are in the foundation assets. Certainly, they are some of the first assets that we bought in the history of the company and we've been diversifying away from these surgical hospitals. And then there's an associated MOB with each surgical hospital so it kind of makes sense to sell those as a group. So, those are the reasons that they don't meet our strategy any more.
John Kim: I'm just going to follow up on the El Paso discussion. I know you said you were surprised when they decided to close but now that you've had some time to examine it, what do you think happened? I know they had recent new ownership at the hospital but I'm wondering if there was also new competition in the area or there were reimbursement challenges or maybe something else.
John Kim: And on the $800,000.00 per quarter impact, should we not assume there's a termination fee you can collect? And then is it realistic that this would translate into an annualized impact? Because even if you do lease it, it may take some time for a new hospital to come in and take physical occupancy.
John Kim: And then, Jeff, on your prepared remarks, you mentioned on the dispositions, they no longer fit your strategy. And I was wondering if you could provide some color on what those characteristics are.
