Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. In the first quarter of 2022, the company generated normalized funds from operations of $63.4 million, or $0.27 per share. Our normalized funds available for distribution were $61.5 million, an increase of 13% over the comparable quarter of last year, and our FAD per share was $0.26. Portfolio performance was steady this quarter generating same-store NOI growth of 2%. Importantly, the landmark portfolio has been successfully integrated and is performing at our underwritten expectations. Across the portfolio, we are seeing continued strength in the operations of our tenants, both in the reported financials and the insurance claim volumes that we monitor on a near real-time basis.  Based on the carefully curated portfolio we built over the past nine years, we believe we are well positioned for long-term success no matter what happened in the macro environment. Speaking of the macro environment, as everyone knows, we are already seeing data that reflects the highest inflation in 40 years. Our portfolio is built to withstand destructive force.  We’ve always concentrated on providing predictable and secure cash flow to our investors by embedding expense recovery provisions with a 98% of our leases to pass on those inflationary cost to the tenant. We also maintain the highest occupancy in the sector, which minimizes the cost leakage of those expenses to vacancy. Combined, these attributes results in a landlord expense protection ratio of 93%, which is unparalleled and provides certainty of income for our shareholders.  Moving forward, as market participants consider the negative GDP rank of minus 1.4% for the first quarter, there has been increasing concern about the durability of the economic recovery. We don’t preface to know exactly what the future holds for the U.S. economy, but we are certainly comforted by what we do know. 64% of our rental income is derived from investment-grade quality entities or their direct subsidiaries.  As we saw over the course of COVID, when we collected over 99% of our rent, it puts us one single tenant on a short-term deferral, we believe that our rental income is safe no matter what happens. Exceptional tenants lead to exceptional stability. That same theme rings true on the capital side. We were able to raise $500 million in October of last year at the rate of 2.625% using $250 million of that to pay off our term loan that was due to mature in 2023, eliminating our one significant near-term funding risk.  Our balance sheet overall is in great shape. Our consolidated leverage at 5.65 times debt to EBITDA will be substantially below our single MOB peer, assuming their merger passes the shareholder votes.  In summary, our company remains on solid financial footing and is poised to perform well in any environment.  With that, I’ll turn it over to Mark. 
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. This is Jeff. I’ll cover that. So, certainly, as we think about funding and JT mentioned it earlier, there could be some opportunistic dispositions as there has been a lot of interest in various buildings in our portfolio. So we evaluate those of course. Putting that aside, when we evaluate these acquisitions, we are always making sure that from a cost of capital standpoint, it’s advantageous to our shareholders to acquire them.  So, we look at what our cost of long-term debt is and what our cost of equity is and make the determination based on that. And I think that’s a big part of the reason when we talk about the split of acquisitions. A lot of that split is more of that split this year is dedicated towards developments and loan funding, that kind of thing. 
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. It depends. So, certainly, to the extent we have assets that we don’t think are good long-term ones that is something we’ve done, right. And we did that back in 2018 when we did a portfolio and sold assets and took down leverage.  Mathematically, it isn’t really that effective when our share price is where it is to sell assets and buy back stock because you lose a lot of that benefit just with the deleveraging alone. So, it’s a good theoretical exercise, but you generally need stock price it’s pretty significantly lower than it is now. 
John Thomas: Yeah, I think we are – again, we’re off to a little bit of a slow start and again most of that’s more attributable to kind of the volatility of the capital markets’ interest rates in particular versus kind of opportunities that we see in our investment pipeline.  So, I think we are still on track for the year to do $250 million to $500 million in total that does include the development financing, which of course is kind of – will be more back-ended because of those projects just gets started this summer and you are spending as the construction process evolves.  But again, I think there is plenty of good opportunities for us in the acquisition market as well. But it will be limited this year more in the second half than the first half just due to the capital markets in particular. 
John Thomas: I mean, you would expect it, but we haven’t seen it. And I think that comes from just the flood of capital chasing the medical office product. There is a lot of Class B and Class C assets out in the market right now and that are trading in the low 5s. And those rates haven’t really changed rather than compressed since last year. So, we’ll see how it goes. That’s part of the reason why we are being patient in looking more to investments if at all in the second half of the year, but we anticipate making those investments. 
John Thomas: Yes, Tayo, it’s JT. If you have four leases to renew and you renew three of them that’s 75% right. So, it’s really more a function of that than the 80 – over the course of time, it’s 80% to 85% quarter-by-quarter just depends on how many leases you have and what the square foot is. So it’s – there is no downward or negative trend there. It’s just a function of our highly leased occupancy. 
John Thomas: Yeah, Austin, and welcome to the team. That’s something – it’s a great – it’s a sellers’ market. It’s a great time for dispositions. We don’t have a lot that we really are interested and – in selling. But we expect some opportunistic dispositions this year kind of capturing these strong cap rates per asset. So, I think you will see some dispositions during the year, but it won’t be a huge number and we really like our portfolio overall. 
John Thomas: Yeah, similarly for specific contracts or leasing upcoming we got a great start on the leasing, as well, but [Amy] (ph) was at a function with one of those assets the other day talking about their own investments in the building we bought, plus the opportunity for expansion of an additional twin building in that portfolio. So, we really anticipate over time a lot of great add-on opportunities with those assets. 
John Thomas: So, I think, it’s hard to predict an accurate split today, but probably 50-50 would be a reasonable assumption between development starts and acquisitions. I think we’ll clearly get to 50% on the development pipeline side of that number and probably get some more opportunities there that we might close in the third and fourth quarters.  So, probably, a little bit of a lean toward the development to get to the higher end of that range. But we’ve already – we completed subsequent to quarter end a $27 million acquisition which is adjacent to one of our other medical office buildings very synergistic in that New Albany market with a great health system in frankly a building that Mark Theine and I have been chasing for ten years.  Again, it’s adjacent to a building that took us eight years to acquire. So we are persistent and consistent. So, I think the acquisition environment is fine. I think there is some good opportunities out there. We are just being very careful and selective with the – in this capital market. 
John Thomas: Yeah, I think, your point is exactly what we are thinking, which is those assets that – again, almost all of our business is off-market. And so, it’s really a kind of a ebb and flow in the negotiation, trying to match fund with our cost – with our capital and cost of capital with the acquisition cap rate. So, I mean, certainly there can be more opportunities later in the year, particularly if cap rates do ease back a little bit. And then, investment activity might accelerate. 
John Thomas: Yeah, for the long-term, I think, the dispositions we might achieve this year, we think will be at – cap rates where we can be accretive and new investments that improve the portfolio and improve the yield that we are getting on the assets we are selling. So, we think that’s a better long-term use of that capital. 
John Thomas: Thanks, Doug. We look forward to seeing everybody at the BOMA and then NAREIT in a couple of weeks and thanks for participating today. 
