John Thomas: On a combined basis, it's slightly better. So slight additional and a slight subtraction, but they average out and, added together, it's more like [indiscernible] we were getting before.
John Thomas: Yes. We're going to continue to focus on the relationship strategy and with the existing health systems. As we've said, all the investments in the first quarter were done with the existing hospital relationships, so our existing developers and existing health system and provider relationships. So that's always going to be our focus. But there's some interesting items, and this is available now in the market. And where we can expand those relationships and create some new relationships. So as I said in my comments, our guidance is still pretty -- we feel really confident about, and there's an uptick in the capital markets in getting really stronger.
John Thomas: We look at everything, so it just depends again on the metrics and the strategic value of those opportunities for us. So there's not a lot of portfolios out there that is interesting or exciting to us. We see a lot of one-off opportunities that will accumulate to those acquisition guys.
John Thomas: The LTACH industry has been under some pressure, particularly in the last couple of years with the change in criteria. We feel pretty good about R3. The Plano facility, in particular, is a rock star and does extremely well. It's probably the number one asset in the LifeCare portfolio. The other two have struggled from time-to-time. But they're all having the one master lease, and so we have a good relationship with that organization, but they and other LTACH outside operators are all under pressure right now. So they're certainly something we've continually monitor and evaluated for both either disposition or repositioning. But at this point, Plano really leads the way for us.
John Thomas: Yes. As I said, Plano continues to perform extremely well, but Fort Worth and Pittsburgh, in particular, lagged. LifeCare has made some changes in the Pittsburgh market, which should help to improve the performance there. And they've also added some service lines there. They started to initiate same in Pittsburgh. Again, we're monitoring all three, but Plano really covers us well and we got the corporate guarantee behind that.
John Thomas: Yes, they were. They could have been that low, it just depends on kind of the relationships that went along with those assets, whether they were health system relationships.
John Thomas: But Jonathan, I think this is JT, I think it's a combination of both. Certainly, the capital marketing have approved for the -- we've kind of come out of REIT bare markets from last year and the rates continued -- tend to be more disciplined and long-term thinking on pricing and IRR expectations from the assets. Probably seeing more private equity sellers than buyers right now, but there's still a lot of private equity up there to pursue some of the portfolio. So I think it's just a combination of all of those matters.
John Thomas: Yes, I think we've got a number of banks in the pipeline right now but just kind of moving towards, kind of finalizing LOIs and putting under our agreement. I mean, there's probably more, obviously, at this time of year, we're going to see more in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. We've got a handful of things we expect to close or going to have to contract this quarter. Like I said, we feel pretty good about the total number. And possibly, $100 million or that $400 million are development starts that we'd either finalized and announced already or in the process of finalizing.
John Thomas: Couple of bigger chunks, couple of bigger assets, but we don't expect -- right now, that number is based upon onesie, twosie transactions. They might be $50 million to $75 million transactions, but a handful in the $25 million range.
John Thomas: Yes. I mean, look, so whatever we put up in this acquisition range, it's always subject to our cost of capital. Our cost of capital improved in the first quarter. We're able to utilize the ATM, which does put that upper bound of the range in play. We can't fund [indiscernible] either with the ATM or recycling some of our assets slated for disposition. Obviously, we'll reduce our acquisition volume accordingly. But right now, it seems very achievable.
John Thomas: Thanks, Vikram, this is JT. They continue to integrate that organization. I think integrating it may be faster than most organizations like us would anticipate, but they're still working through some of that as well. So some of the projects we've been working on are on hold, which we would expect in this kind of environment, in the process of integrating their teams. The only thing that we are actively in discussions with them routinely about is global, and they continue to work on the transition of the Louisville, KentuckyOne facilities, Jewish Medical Center in particular. And as publicly noted, they're primarily working with the University of Louisville to transition those hospitals to the university, which frankly would be a pretty positive thing for our MOBs. We feel very confident about the long-term viability and security behind our leases. And we've got some other offers in that market as well. So if that's the one that -- like I said, we don't have anxiety about our leases being maintained there, but we do continue to monitor that as it's where our new operator is going to be and we look forward to that continuation. Other than that, we don't expect any other changes and we expect to continue to garner new opportunities with them, always cognizant of too much concentration in some markets.
John Thomas: That is a great question. It's certainly stronger than it would have been with the old owner. And I think right now, we're just proud to have this tenant in the building, and we'll collect rent from them. But it's more of those that's in the surgical facilities that's going to be a little higher cap rate than MOB. But mid 6s to 7s would be realistic with the quality of this operator and once we get back in there and take care of patients. So we feel very good about both the NIB accretion and the opportunity to work and collect rent to contribute to our bottom line.
John Thomas: No, Dan, those are different assets. They were just kind of one-off opportunities to reposition all of our assets [indiscernible].
John Thomas: Kind of above, Dan. So the first couple of projects are kind of the construction loans to developer on a 100% pre-leased building to a credit tenant. We've traditionally used either mezzanine financing or kind of a preferred equity position in the capital stacks, depending upon the circumstances. The needs of the developer and the opportunities set, kind of risk-adjusted returns that we're looking for. So it's really a combination of the above, where we're kind of flexible with the both health system tenant and the developer in the middle, so all of the above.
John Thomas: So I think the rent constant going forward is 6-plus for this market and kind of mezzanine, single -- 8-plus, again, depending on the underlying credit, but again, we're only focused on investment-grade type tenants on the back end sort of a little bit tighter, but also at the high end of the -- top end of the capital stakes.  Again, we appreciate your time and attention today. We look forward to your follow-up questions and seeing you at NAREIT. Thank you.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, sure. So 4Q to 1Q, you had a reduction of $725,000 of cash NOI. Part of that, there's a little bit of a write off of bad debt expense in 4Q, so the reduction wasn't the full $800,000 that we expected. But going forward, we're going to add about $800,000 or so to the cash NOI line because they're going to start paying that operating expense as well as part of the...
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, it's Jeff. I mean, look, I think the long-term trends, as Mark said in his remarks, our average escalator is 2.3%, largely leased portfolios. We think, over the long term, 2% to 3% is a good bulk for us, and we're anticipating that.
Jeffrey Theiler: I think that's right, Chad. Because we're not putting El Paso in a repositioning bucket or anything like that, so that's going to negatively impact our same-store next quarter as well -- sorry, second quarter as well. So it starts paying rent again in the back half of the year.
Jeffrey Theiler: Sorry, Dan, just to clarify. So they weren't in the slated for disposition bucket, but they were in that assets held for sale categorization because we have -- we have certainty of sale as of 3/31.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, yes. We're -- again, we're not in a state where we're confident enough to put them in a held-for-sale bucket in the accounting term, but they are [indiscernible].
Mark Theine: Sure, this is Mark. So for the remainder of this year, as I mentioned in the comments, we've got about 2% of our portfolio rolling. The average rental rate, that 2% is $22.29 and then next year we got about 3.5% of our ABR rolling at an average rate of $21.58 per square foot. So I mean, certainly, it's a market-by-market evaluation that we need to do, but those are right in line with national averages for medical office rate, so we expect to renew on similar terms there and we'll continue to push on our re-leasing spreads and building in, in place of players of 2% to 3% to drive our internal growth.
Mark Theine: Sure. This is Mark. The increase from operating expenses in the same-store portfolio is almost exclusively driven by the increase in real estate taxes. Q1, as we've reset the accrual of expenses for real estate assets, so other than $2.3 million increase in our operating expenses, almost $2 million of that is realty tax-related, not related to the vacancy of the portfolio there. And then the change in occupancy will be approximately 89,000 square feet added to our occupancy from the El Paso facility, that was not in there this quarter.
Mark Theine: No, sorry, I was saying that the occupancy will come back into the same-store portfolio calculation.
Mark Theine: No, it's just property taxes. And again, our expense recovery is also increased, 8.1%, again, showing kind of the insulated nature of our triple net leases.
