Jordan Sadler: Thanks. Good morning. Why don’t you dig in a little bit to the for sale assets and just broader thoughts on your positioning and processes as you look forward for the rest of this year, given your comments on where the capital markets are and just having reviewing your portfolio? So I’d love to understand sort of the size and value here, the thought process and what’s being sold.
Jordan Sadler: Okay. And then, just commentary on what’s on the market currently, what you’re seeing? I think you alluded to cap rates that are potentially consistent with last year. And I thought – would just love any color on the quality of what’s being offered relative to last year and your – from your perspective and then – and the buyer pool.
Jordan Sadler: And then, just one on the asset side, the LTACHs. Any commentary on what’s happening with the coverage there sequentially? It looks like it dipped.
John Thomas: Jordan, good morning this is JT. Nothing surprising. It’s just we’re five years in the life of the company. We’ve acquired a lot of assets. For a period, we’re acquiring about a building a week and the – while the capital markets were open and supportive. So a lot of the assets are smaller, more rural, may have more physicians – tend to be more of a physician tenant base than a health system tenant base. So just an overall continued refocus on the quality and the size of buildings in the larger markets and help this investment grade tenant base. There’s outstanding medical office facilities in what we’re kind of in the buckets that we’ve identified for sale and that we’ve been approached by other private investors to purchase. So good quality buildings, but not long-term contributors to our shareholder value.
John Thomas: I think we talked about 5% of the portfolio, $200 million to $300 million kind of total proceeds potentially. I don’t know that we’ll do that large of a transaction or multiple transactions to get to there. Medical office is trading in the mid-6s.
John Thomas: Yes. There’s – I mentioned there’s one kind of high-profile, very core asset in a core market and a heavy concentration of health care providers that is attracting capital from all over the world, frankly, buyers all over the world. We do expect that to trade in line or even perhaps even more aggressively than the highest profile assets that we and others acquired last year. The portfolios that are out there, kind of nice enough, I mean, kind of $500 million-ish ballpark kind of portfolio so...
John Thomas: Yes, Kevin. So Trios, we do see some light at the end of the tunnel. The core process is – there is somewhat of a big schedule now that, if they stick to that schedule, the sale out of the bankruptcy court to RegionalCare would occur in the third quarter. And so we’re still targeting kind of October 1 as the rent commitment under our revised lease with RegionalCare, but again, we can’t control that. We’re certainly pushing the core – pushing all the other parties to stay on that schedule. So kind of our best guess is October 1 and hopefully that may be a little conservative. On the – I’m sorry, Kevin, what was the question? Oh, development. Yes. I’m sorry. So we are – yes, our development partners are out working with several health systems and kind of predevelopment planning for some nice facilities to be anchored by those health systems. So nothing imminent, but we would expect to have the opportunity to participate in the capital stock with those developers and then the long-term opportunity to acquire those buildings from the back end at our option has been our strategy. So we’re seeing an uptick in planning, so maybe late ‘18, early ‘19, kind of starts with kind of 2020 delivery, our ultimate opportunity on those assets.
John Thomas: Yes, that’s exactly right, Mike. And so they’ve acquired that facility. They’ve had a clinical affiliation with University of Washington, so I don’t want to oversell that as a balance sheet from the University of Washington Medical Center system. It’s really RegionalCare and their asset and their credit, but they’re looking to build a regional system in that market, which we think is a very positive thing. They’re very capable operators and well-capitalized. So we’re pretty excited about working with them and just kind of want to move forward. We always like to remind people that this building never went dark. The physicians have been in the building, seeing patients every day throughout this process. And I think coming out of the back end, the balance sheet will be dried and there will be credit behind the balance sheet and we’ll have a good tenant going forward.
John Thomas: Yes. It’s just the branding nature of bankruptcy court and what happens in that process. So we didn’t see a fixed schedule before. We had hoped that the court would push through the process a little quicker, but now we see a big schedule and see light at the end of the tunnel.
John Thomas: Yes. Again, it’s well-capitalized private equity and its operators that had been in the market for years. So the kind of companies that are private equity-backed operators out of Chicago are part of the biggest buyers, but there are others. And capital is really coming from all over the world.
John Thomas: Yes, that’s right. So I’d like to say 5% or so of the total portfolio, but we’re talking about smaller assets primarily, so take more of those to get to 5% from a value perspective. So when I talk about 5%, it’s $200 million to $300 million in valuation. Again, if we’re looking at smaller rural market assets, it will take more of those to get to those kind of numbers. But we’ve been approached kind of off-market and would likely market some of these buildings to the investors we know that are looking for these types of smaller assets with a little higher yield. But again, the yields we’re looking at and the cap rates we’re looking at are all – for the most part, are all better than what we thought before, so accretive on a per dollar basis.
John Thomas: Yes. So the – we’re excited that the San Antonio Foundation facility has fully completed their repayment plan and have been current on rent now for almost 18 months – 16 months. So now we’re being more aggressive. They’re being more aggressive. The physicians there are in discussions about capitalizing their ability to buy the hospital back from us. And so that’s progressing pretty well now. El Paso is now – is on their 13th consecutive month since – of timely and full rent payments. They are still working through kind of opportunity to pay the back rent from 2016. So again, likewise, their operations have hit to a point and a steady-state that there are discussions with them about buying the building back from us are more aggressive. And we think both are actionable in this year and, hopefully, sooner than later.
John Thomas: No. It was just a second component to an acquisition we did with HonorHealth. Great client and it continues to expand their outreach kind of all around the Phoenix market. So it was just a second piece of the deal that we did with HonorHealth.
John Thomas: They are primarily the Foundation assets. They’ve been on there for a number of quarters yet. So those are assets that we are actively in negotiations with and trying to dispose of. But I personally don’t have a timetable on that right now, but we’re working towards selling those assets.
John Thomas: Yes [indiscernible]. I think 3% is available. And again, in both of those situations, there was kind of long-term – one’s a health system with our party have a long-term lease, part of the building. So it’s really a win-win because we put less CapEx into the lease. So all of the things being equal, it’s a very strong long-term extension with low CapEx and low CapEx over the next 15 years. So 3% is achievable. Construction costs, deal tariffs and everything else and demand, particularly in the southeast with the hurricane and the flood rebuilding, the cost of new construction, new development is going up to a point where we think we may be able to start pushing rents in our existing buildings at a better pace. I think some of our competitors are seeing similar opportunities as well.
John Thomas: Yes. So on one hand, it’s all part of the triple net pass through. On the other, it’s a very important factor, particularly in underwriting and acquisitions, because in the end, the tenant can only pay so much for the occupancy of their space. And again, the less we’re paying in distributor and real estate taxes, the more triple net ramp we can collect. So very important factor in underwriting. Some of the transactions last year – not in buildings that we bought, but in all buildings – they were selling at high prices and the real estate tax assessment is likely going to go and we have to be prepared to manage through that. But a very important question and something that we’re on top of and aggressively challenge.
John Thomas: No impact on our properties. We’ve been in discussions at a very high level with Blue Mountain, who’s publicly entered into an agreement with CHI about the Louisville hospitals. They keep us appraised of the process and progress, but it’s been slow. So we expect that the transaction to be 2018, but we’re – there’s no set timetable. Same thing – well, you didn’t ask this question, but similarly on the Dignity Health CHI merger, again, what we understand and what we’re told by the C-Suite of both organizations is that, that will – that is progressing. They fully expect it to close, but it’s more likely at the end of the year to – for that merger to be completed.
John Thomas: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. As you’ve heard, we believe we have a very steady and strong portfolio of medical office facilities that are performing well. This morning, the DOC team was recognized by the Milwaukee Sentinel Journal as one of the best places to work in Milwaukee. We’re very proud of our team – great team culture as we believe that delivers great service to our clients and great results for our shareholders. I’d like to recognize and appreciate that recognition. And thank you. I look forward to seeing you at NAREIT.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Jordan, it’s Jeff. As you know, we’re not in the LTACH business and so we’d certainly be open to selling those assets at the right price. Obviously, there’s been changes in the reimbursement rules, specifically around the site-neutral payment rules that would be phased in, so kind of like everybody else is LTACH covered have increased a little bit. I think for the first time actually in a long time, there’s some positive news on that front where there’s a delay in further phasing in of those site-neutral rules then there’s also this talk about eliminating the 25% rule, which would be a good benefit for the industry and for our buildings as well. So I think we’ve got good momentum, hopefully, in the LTACH business and coverages, but certainly we’re still open to getting out of those assets at the right price.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Jonathan. So we raised like $5 million at the very, very beginning of the quarter. So that was when our stock was kind of trading at 17s, high 17s a little bit. So certainly, as the stock price deteriorated, we cut off the ATM program.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, Jon, we try to. I mean, we give some of the guidance that we have the answers to, right? So like G&A for example, we try to give a full year guidance number for that, which I think, if you look at this quarter, that’s likely one of the reasons that the FFO probably didn’t meet your estimate. It was – we had some kind of unusual G&A this quarter, which we don’t expect to recur over the next three quarters. In terms of acquisition guidance, we used to give it when we felt comfortable with our cost of capital and had good visibility on what we could acquire. In this environment, it’s just really hard to give it. And that’s really the only thing. I mean, aside from that, the rest of our portfolio, we think, should be pretty steady and stable. So it’s – I mean, we try to give what we can and what we feel we have good visibility on, but we also – to the extent we don’t have visibility on something, it’s hard to give a guidance.
Jeff Theiler: That’s a good question. It’s Jeff. So we had just over $200 million, $220 million outstanding on the line at the end of the quarter. As we noted in the earnings release, we’ve got some buildings that we intend to dispose of in the near term. So we’re going to use those proceeds to pay down the line versus kind of fix out the interest rate on that. So I’d imagine that, that line balance decreases over the year. And as such, we have kind of a minimal amount of variable rate debt. The term loan – the $250 million term loan, we’ve already fixed the interest rate when we did that deal. So that’s at a 2.87% interest rate, I believe. So we like having a little bit of variable because we’re going to end up paying it down with dispositions.
Mark Theine: Sure, Jon. This is Mark. Sequentially, first quarter, we do the TAM reimbursement and reconciliation process. So there was some adjustments there as we trued-up the final 2017 TAM reconciliation process. And then, in first quarter, we had a little bit of weather there from additional funds and snow expenses that drove it up just a little bit, but for the most part, as you know, our portfolio is triple net leased and the majority of those expenses pass through under those leases.
Mark Theine: Sure. Tao, this is Mark. So our retention rate for the quarter was 69% as disclosed in our supplement and that was primarily attributable to 12,000 square feet at the mid-coast buildings that I mentioned in our prepared remarks. That faces immediately release from taken over by the hospital, but in our staff becomes added as a nonrenewal and then immediately released, so it has no net absorption impact. So excluding that one space of 12,000 square feet, our retention rate [indiscernible] 78%. And again, our leases continue with [indiscernible] for 3% escalators in our rents when we come up a renewal.
Mark Theine: Sure. If you included Kennewick in our same-store, as we’ve talked about that building extensively, it’s about $1 million impact for quarter. So same-store would be flat there if you included that one. And then, if you included our held for sale and placed for disposition assets, things sort of actually improve 50 basis points positive there. But consistent with our methodology to exclude the held for sale and placed for dispositions, we do not include that even though it would actually help the number.
