John Thomas: Yes, Juan, it’s JT. Thanks for the question. So we look at mezz primarily as a means to an end. So most mezz loans we're making are with the anticipation of converting that to full ownership either through the development structure or through an acquisition or potentially through a JV structure. So it's been a great tool for us. Landmark is a perfect example where we can recap the portfolio two years ago had $50 million of high yielding mezz but had REITs, short and long-term REITs to acquire the portfolio, and just frankly just happened quicker than we expected. So it's a great tool for us. We expect to continue to use it those cycle in and out, usually on a 12 to 18 month cycle. So we're kind of constantly evaluating when and where to place those. So didn't always convert to ownership, but that's the primary use for that, that methodology. Alone downs provide us an opportunity to get even more attractive yields on development, but also well kind of managing rent costs, inflationary costs with the provider in those construction processes.
John Thomas: We should -- we could have some convert this year. We have some mezz on development projects that we funded last year that I'm now CEO and are currently operating with. We're at commencement, so we'll work through that process with the developers in those couple of situations. So yes, as part of that 250 million to 500 million part of it assumes some of them as conversed ownership.
John Thomas: Yes. I wanted to it's really a combination of both. I mean, the good news is the quality of earnings is stronger than ever and the strength of our portfolio was stronger than ever with the downside first time in really my career were while is not as advantageous as historically it has been. So we don't have a lot rolling this year, but where we do have leases rolling. We have 300 buildings and we have some vacant -- a small amount of vacant space, but some vacant space. But we see inflation hitting those rents, construction costs, which would be the competition for the rents, increasing pretty significantly. So we do expect higher than average releasing spreads this year and new leasing spreads absorptions, because of that. The first year of a really big lease roll for us is 2026 and that's the 10th year anniversary of the CommonSpirit acquisition that we did. So we manage that really quarter-by-quarter and evaluating when and where to address those leases and stretch those leases and working with CommonSpirit for their space needs. When we did that transaction, all the rents were set at the market rates at that time in those individual markets, and frankly, we see those as below market in those markets right now, generally overall, and so, you know, see a big opportunity in 2026, working with them at an appropriate rate, but at the same time, we think there's good potential for better than average releasing spreads across that portfolio.
John Thomas: Yeah. The high end of the range is primarily driven by mezz financing and loan developments. And so we see that as frankly market for high quality assets that we're financing part or all of the construction costs for those projects, and then once leases commence at those rates, and so that's where you can drives the high end of that range could be even more attractive. The low end of the range is driven by best-in-class medical office acquisition and primarily off market, best-in-class assets and an open auction process, trade in the mid fours still, in the private market. And so, again, we think we can drive best-in-class asset acquisition pricing still in the 5.25 plus range, so it's really a combination of both.
John Thomas: I don't see a scenario where it becomes less there's more development, planning going on right now and in process then we've seen in years, driven by delays in construction projects during the early part of the pandemic to a need for more outpatient space as recognized by the other health systems during the pandemic. So we're not out competing in the open mezz market for mezz paper, it's just, it’s lender is construction lenders, primary senior secured lenders are looking to work with their clients to finance new construction projects. Frankly, we get, kind of, leads and introductions that way, but also our development partners where we continue to do repeat business with Mark Davis being a perfect example in Minneapolis. He sees it as an attractive part of his capital stack. And in the end, it's a financing tool for us and for the health system and the developer that keeps rents as low as possible in these new buildings and in high inflationary market. So, it's a combination of those that worked really well for us, it worked really well for keeping rents at market as market is increasing in those markets.
John Thomas: Yes, beginning of 2017, that became our standard approach to leasing new leases or in renewals as our standard kind of terms include CPI with a 3% floor that has been effective. So, about 10% of our portfolio has a CPI adjustment annually and again, the floors usually getting negotiated in exchange for some kind of cap. So, those range from 2% to 4% with a CPI adjustment. So, about 10% of the portfolio has that in place. Again, we have we have long waltz, we have 2% to 3% rolling every year and so that's -- it's kind of -- will take time to convert that across the rest of the portfolio, but starting to have an impact.
John Thomas: Jordan, JT. So, again, it just depends upon kind of the counterparty and what's important to them. So, some had caps, almost -- they all have floors. So, sometimes the floor goes from 3% down to 2%. In this inflationary market, that’s something we may continue to move up and be an important part of the negotiation, but that's the long-term conversion that we've started in 2017.
John Thomas: Yes, Jordan, its JT. We've got a nice pipeline. Our – kind of typical model is, you know, onesie, twosie transactions with existing relationships either developers or owners or health systems, physicians themselves, so kind of nice pipeline. I think we'll have a good strong start to the year to report with first quarter – first quarter earnings, but it's onesie, twosie. There's some – there's some larger portfolios floating around the market. There's one really big portfolio or less than the market, so we evaluate everything. So it's – I think – I don't think we'll – I think we'll have I think the opportunities is far exceeds the guidance we're providing and the capital markets improve, I think we can grow even stronger. We feel good about the guidance we've given. On the development side, we have – we've seen and negotiated with more development opportunities than we ever have. And again, these are all either 100% or higher pre-leased opportunities. Somewhere we'll do the loan down which where we'll deploy more capital in somewhere mezzanine, where we'll provide less but at a higher rate.
John Thomas: It's hard to it's hard to pull off a portfolio in an off market manner like we did last year. So pricing, there's a lot of buyers out there, still a lot of private capital looking to get into the space, so pricing is still – still very strong. I don't expect, given the portfolio's that are kind of being actively marketed. I don't have great expectation that we will be interested in either the quality of the portfolio or the pricing of the portfolio but you know, again, we evaluate everything.
John Thomas: Yeah. Thanks, David. So, certainly, as we look at all these acquisitions, where we evaluate everything on a long term IRR basis and so we factor into that, kind of what our – what our cost of debt is on a long-term basis. So, where we think we could issue called a 10 year bond today. We also look at our cost of equity, generally, on a – an apple yield basis, plus an expected kind of inflation rate on that. So, we use those two factors and then compare – compare the potential acquisitions against that weighted average cost of capital. So when we're looking at, interest rate increases, and we're typically looking at what's projected by the Fed and the expectations around those short term interest rates as well. When we look at market, market rent increases? Certainly, that's increased in our mind as we look over a 10 year period, from where it was a few years ago. So we do increase the market raise inflation, a bit from where it used to be.
John Thomas: Yeah. It'll be interesting with the cap rates, because certainly you do have some increasing, cost of capital for all buyers. But then you also have rents that are going to become more and more below market. So you'd expect to see the ability to increase the – the rents under these assets over a long period of time, more than you used to be able to. So, there'll be some offsetting factors there, right now, we'd kind of expect cap rates to remain about where they are. We'll just have to watch and see what happens, but we don't see any drastic moves and cap rates coming anytime soon.
John Thomas: Yes. I mean, you think about it. A 5 cap is a multiple of cash flow, and then on the private equity firms, they're talking in 10 to 15 times EBITDA. So there's a balance between the two and where you can maximize value, when you sell kind of both sides of the house, if you will, the opco and the propco.
John Thomas: Well, Tayo, it’s JT. I think, I think again, this the first year and in 20 years we've had, we see more and more opportunity to press rents and increase those rents, again, offset for us by 95% occupancy, which is I mean, there's just, you can't get to 100% and we'd like to get to 100% and Amy Hall and Mark Theine could get us to 100%, if possible, but that's it's a stretch. So, you know, on the same-store side, we've got 2.4%, 2.5% kind of on average annual escalators, 10% of the portfolio, which I think would include almost all and would all fall into the same-store that does have those CPI increases, so we should get some uptick from that this year. So it's measured in 2022. In 2023, when landmark does roll into the same store pool, we underwrote that and do have expectations that the first year yield will exceed 5% because we don't – the rents – the near-term rent roll and renewals, there's an opportunity to really push those rents, you know, and that piece of the portfolio, so it's incremental, but, you know, over time we, again, that the quality of our cash flow and the strength, the ability to increase that quality of that cash flows is there.
John Thomas: Again we thank you for joining us – joining us this morning. We had a great 2021. We have very high expectations for a very strong 2022. We look forward to reporting back next quarter. Thank you for joining us today. Thank you, Jesse.
Mark Theine: Hey Jordan, this is Mark. Yes, so as it relates to really driving our internal growth, it comes in two ways. One is the revenue increasing, as JT was just talking about with a strong focus on our leasing spreads in our annual escalators. Our annual escalators today are 2.4%. If we look at the leases that did have a CPI adjustment last year in 2021, those leases grew at 3.3%. You know, the other important point to note is on the expense side that our leases are triple net structure, so we're protected against a lot of those inflationary pressures on the operating expense side. So as we saw this quarter, our operating expenses are actually down as a result of some great work but the asset management team to challenge property taxes to renegotiate some insurance rates. And so we're really looking on ways to continue to invest our CapEx dollars into the properties, where we can lower operating expenses for our partners and then also for ourselves, where we can, you know, save on the expense side, so we're using a combination of, you know, trying to increase rents and grow revenue while also keeping great control on our operating expenses.
Mark Theine: Yes, Dan. This is Mark. Good question. And you already, kind of, guessed, it's the same store portfolio. If you look back, last year is nearly, the entire portfolio this year in 2021 is, we had significant growth in our investments, $1 billion of new investments between the landmark and the HonorHealth transactions that we've not yet owned for a full year, represent the majority of the non-same-store portfolio. So it's primarily new acquisitions there and, obviously, that will be added to same-store after a year of ownership.
Mark Theine: Yes. In the landmark and HonorHealth portfolios both, again, we underwrote them on an IRR basis, but those have historical leases with 2% to 3% rent bumps and, primarily triple net lease, so we expect that those will continue to be in line with the profile of the existing portfolio and in the same-store portfolio.
Jeff Tyler: Hi, Nick. It's Jeff. So, certainly, our leverage we ended the year at a pretty good rate on an enterprise basis. We are 5.8 times debt to EBITDA. Obviously in 2021, we had delivered ahead of the Landmark transaction. In the fourth quarter, we issued $133 million on the ATM, just to bring that expected leverage down from I guess it would have been just over six times debt to EBITDA to the 5.8. As we think about the acquisition pipeline in 2022, I'd say, we're largely in you know, kind of a pay as you go type mode. And so we're certainly comfortable from a risk standpoint, with the leverage as it stands today. I'd expect that, it's going to, directionally over a longer period of time trend down. And we're certainly going to be conscious of, where our current cost of equity is, as we, look to execute on this pipeline. And that's a big part of the reason, we're looking at these, different – different acquisition structures like the – the mezzanine loans and the loan to own. So that we can find appropriate yields based on our cost of capital.
Jeff Tyler: That's right, Mike. We are seeing and we are in negotiations on more development projects right now than we are acquisitions. And so we have a nice blend of both. But those -- the development projects are going to either through Mez or through a loan down structure, are going to be much closer to 6 or more than less. So, we see a real opportunity both for high quality, long-term assets to put into the read and a much more attractive price than acquisitions.
Jeff Tyler: Yeah. Mike, I don't think we're capped exactly where we are now. Certainly, we want to be a little bit more cautious about leverage when we're up to 5.8 times versus when we're kind of closer to 5. But there's some short term flexibility there. Again, just because of the nature of the portfolio and how stable it's been through even kind of the biggest operational stresses over the past few years.
Jeff Tyler: Yeah, sure. We don't have anybody from our original Board or current Board that's retired or established are not standing for re-election this year. But we're starting to look at in the next couple of years, we're likely to have two, three Board members kind of transition through retirement. So what we want to do is, when we bring identify new great candidates to add to our Board is get some overlap with that historical knowledge and leadership. So we're going to expand the Board slightly for the next probably look for one more candidate to add to the board eventually and then shrink it back down as we see some retirement. So just a good transition, a good succession planning there.
