Jeff Theiler: Hey, Juan thanks a lot. This is JT. I think our ambitious goals this year around both vacancy and really non-renewing lower quality credit tenants with higher quality health system tenants who need to expand into space in their building. So it's 95% to 96% somewhere in that number is full occupancy, and so our ambitious goal is just to hit those numbers, and so positive accretion for the year, and our compensation goals are tied to that as well. So, we're, you know, we think that's very achievable, somewhere in that range, and same-store is a number that is impacted by a small percentage, very small percentage of move out, some of which we caused on our own in sequential quarters and it takes a couple of more quarters to backfill that space with both leases signed, but also more importantly, completing the TI and the commencement of those leases. So, back after the year, we have expectations for good, solid return to our same-store growth numbers that are historical. First half the year, we're burdened by the decisions we made, we think the right decisions in the third and fourth quarter of 2022.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, Tayo. This is Jeff. Good question. So what we think we'll get a good return out of that investment just on a monetary basis. But really, the investment is also designed to help us stay in front of the latest technology, the latest real estate technology. And to your point, I mean, help us manage our operating expenses going forward. So we think it is going to be a good return on the investment side. But it also gives us front row access to all these new companies that are coming out with innovative real estate solutions, and really helps us be at the forefront of, having the best possible management of our properties and keep our operating expenses low for our tenants and which, you know, of course helps the company itself.
Jeff Theiler: You know, Tayo I think it's JT– I think, I think part of the opportunity, you know, in this PropTech investment we made is to work with other REITs to kind of identify and benefit from some of the best IT minds out there. So I don't think our shareholders are looking for us to create our own IT platform. I think benefit is we're investing alongside other REITs and other institutional real estate owners to kind of develop IT tools that we will benefit from and at the same time, have a great IRR or return on investment from those – that direct investment. So, we haven't seen anything directly but we get to explore these tools, which is part of the opportunity that are under development or that are kind of leading-edge technology. So, we'll see some long term benefits eventually.
Jeff Theiler: I’d be happy. Hey, Tayo so – yes, we did some equity issuance on the ATM, we're trading at an implied cap rate in the mid 6% range. That's consistent with where we've seen Class A medical office buildings being marketed. We haven't seen many transactions closing still. And cap rates have really only been moving in one direction which is up, so we thought it was prudent to strengthen our balance sheet at these levels, which we think is going give us a great opportunity when the market stabilizes at what we think the right numbers are to really be an active investor and to really generate strong earnings accretion, which is a certainly a departure from the previous times when cap rates were so low, it's hard to generate earnings accretion, we think we're going to be able to get best-in-class, Class A MOB's at really good pricing. So, we feel good about the strengthening of the balance sheet. You know, obviously in the meantime, it also pays down our variable rate debt, which is seems to – also seem to be only moving in one direction, which is higher with the Feds increases. So, we think it's a smart capital allocation decision.
Jeff Theiler: Hey Mike, I'll take that. Yes, look, I think we're running at the low end of our leverage range, right, which -- we've put our leverage range out at 5.5% to 6%. Certainly, one can argue that the capital markets have been very choppy over the last few months. I mean, certainly we've had a good month in the capital markets overall, or good year-to-date, I should say. But that's not guaranteed by any stretch. So, really, the idea it's kind of a -- it's not a discount to where we're trading on an implied cap rate versus where we'd be buying assets today if they were closing. So, I think it makes sense to have that optionality to kind of build that dry powder now, such that if the capital markets freeze up for some reason, we're still going to be in a position to grow and grow when others can't.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, I think that -- I mean they go hand-in-hand, right. But yes, I think that's how we're thinking about it. Our implied cap rate versus where assets are trading in the -- are being marketed right now, I should say.
Jeff Theiler: It does. Hey, Ron, it's Jeff. So yeah, we put that towards paying down the revolving line of credit. So, obviously we're – we expect eventually to redeploy those proceeds into acquisitions, but in the meantime, we pay down the line of credit with it. So it'll bring the interest expense down a bit.
John Thomas: Yeah. Great question. And we're seeing a significant movement in cap rates, they're just not many transactions occurring. Sellers are just holding on, hopeful that we returned to the glory days of 2020 and 2019 from cap rate perspective. But transactions are occurring in the mid-sixes. And we think we have a great cost of capital in the current environment, but that cost of capital still expects needs high sixes to mid-sevens cap rates, depending upon the annual increase reserves in the rents and things like that to execute. So, we think there's a good opportunity in the back half of the year assuming that market reaches equilibrium in that range. But in the current environment, we're just not seeing many trades that right quality, right credit, right location that we want to buy, in the mid-sixes. So we want to see those cap rates move up. And, like Jeff said, we've got a balance sheet loaded to execute once we reach equal equilibrium. It's my word in cap rates with market cost of capital.
John Thomas: Hey, Josh, great question. That's one of the things that just kind of understated in our comments. [Technical Difficulty]
John Thomas: Yes, exactly. Shoot, the stock would have gone up 20%. No, just kidding. Hey, Josh, what I was saying was, I think 60% or more of our leases in the fourth quarter, we renewed with -- average annual increase was over 3% or 3% or more. And the compounding effect of that is probably the best thing we can do in our leases and just moving our, kind of, average annual escalator up from 2.4%. I think we're up to 2.5% now, and we continue to move that up. So those conversations continue to be strong. And we continue to have a, kind of, some negotiating power in the average annual increase sort of to move those up beyond historical averages. And our leasing team, led by Amy Hall and her team, are doing a great job, kind of focus on not only in the renewal rate, which again, for last year, was 6% or more, but also that average annual increase. So, we try to get CPI, we try to get floors in that CPI increaser, but just moving that number up has a long term compounding effect. We don't sign one-night leases or two -- or 30-day leases or even one year leases. We signed five years or more increase -- re-leases and extensions on existing leases. And that average increase was a really important part of our strategy to grow in a way over the time.
John Thomas: Yes. Since 1982, there's been a push by Medicare and payers to move more care out of the hospital into outpatient settings. And I think health systems realized during COVID, they don't have enough outpatient space available for the kind of demand in their markets. And so, what we're seeing differently from health system is a more intensive strategy to open new outpatient locations, in strong democratic locations and that's what's leading to a lot of development opportunities for us.  All health systems, investment grade and otherwise had challenges in 2022 with inflation and labor shortages and stress of labor and things like that. We're starting to see that stabilize. And the revenue side or the reimbursement side of healthcare is always a lagging indicator, not a lagging indicator, lagging impact on their P&L statements. And so, expenses, a real time revenue, take reimbursement rates, take time to catch up with inflationary pressures. And so we're starting to see -- starting to see stability there, but at the same time, reimbursement increases kind of catch up with inflation. So, lots of lots of ways to go. But the US healthcare economy this year is going to be $3.5 trillion. So there's lots of lots of money in the system, lots of intensive efforts to move more care to the outpatient setting which is more profitable and at the same time, some stability in the labor market. 
John Thomas: Yeah, it's JT. I think – I think it's just a seller's holding out and hoping. So essentially hope, conflicts with, rising interest rates on short term loans that were used to acquire for four cap, five cap assets in 2017 to 2020 range. But, I think – I think until we see kind of more distress on the ownership side of the capital side, medical office billings. We won't see a lot of trades occurring. So it's moving in the right direction. It just takes time for the market to kind of – kind of rationalize between cost of capital and it's been a 20 year bull run, and in medical office, and the 10 year treasury, and kind of other things. So it's – it just takes time for the – when interest rates rise 400 500 basis points like they have in the last six to nine months. It just takes time for them – in the kind of the market to reconcile itself. So it'll get there and, we expect to – we expect a pretty good backup – backup – back half of the year. But the market is going to get there.
John Thomas: Yeah, Mike, great question. I think that's when they're marketed that rate. Almost by definition, that means the price should be better – from a – shouldn't move up from that range. And so, frankly, the fact that assets are even marketed, above six is a dramatic change from where they were marketed six months ago, and they still need to move a little higher. So, we're waiting patiently. We're not – we're not out of the market, as far as, you know, exploring opportunities. But, when we – when we make an offer on a Class A asset that we're really excited about it's – it's going to be higher than, mid 6%.
John Thomas: Yeah. Generally, and we're IRR investors. So, depends on the annual increases where they are market rents and things like that. So it's a combination of factors, but from a cap rate perspective, just the market generally is – it's we're seeing trades very few. But we are seeing trades in the mid 6s on assets that if they were trading, let's just call it seven. We would be pretty excited about it moving in the right direction. So it's just few and far between, but we think the market is moving in the right direction, as a buyer, in a long-term investment.
John Thomas: Yes. And we're very transparent. That's all we buy. And so that's what we're talking about. So you can get lower quality at a higher rate. You can do other asset classes at a higher rate. But right now for Class A assets and that's and I think, in part that's where we see development kind of leading the way for the next several years is health systems really we're looking for new strategic locations. And we're working with several right now on kind of helping them develop those locations and getting in a more attractive yield in the current cost capital environment.
John Thomas: That's a great question. So it was about -- we have 16 million square feet, and we're talking about 40,000 square feet where we did that last year and we're already backfilling that space. It just takes time for the new leases to commence post TI. There will be a little bit of that in the first quarter of this year, but it's -- when the tenant has too much space, I mean, that's almost worse than having the tenant kind of renew a lease and occupy space that we think there's a better market rates for -- out there for to compete for that space. So, we have a little bit of that in the first quarter of this year. But it's not a lot across 60 million square feet. But in short-term, it's negative; long-term, it’s very beneficial to the company.
John Thomas: Dave, those are all great questions. Hope is not a strategy or we not depend upon RFPs to find assets or work with health systems. Those tend to be auction type processes where there's always some low bidder that you don't want to compete with. Not that we couldn't. And so I think the 200 million is active discussions with health systems. Last year when both supply chain and inflation was going up, you couldn't get a construction, a contractor to give you a quote on contract to build a building that was good for more than a day. I mean, historically you get a bid and 90 days later, 180 days later, it was still a good number. So last year, a lot of the projects we're working on are still there and that's the confidence in that $200 million number is some of those projects that are carrying over, and we the health system that positions, we're waiting on some stability, stabilization in the construction, and also the timeline with supply chain and other things that are beyond everybody's control. And so, numbers are coming in today, we're proceeding with some projects that we thought would begins construction in the fourth quarter, but the tenant, the capital, us, the contractors, all have more stability today than we had three months ago. And frankly, that's going to create much more long-term value for us by that short delay in those -- on those projects. So we'll be breaking ground in the next 30 days on projects that we've been working on for a couple of years. So we feel really confident in that number going forward and we see a lot of more opportunity in that space.
John Thomas: I can't help but laugh at the second question, because it's a great question. Actually, it's -- the long term return profile there is much better than about anything else we do. It just -- it's just taking time. It's a very strategic location. For some reason, 20 years ago -- 25 years ago, physicians and hospitals thought condo projects for the right way to build buildings and invest in buildings. And in this particular case, a kind that was built in a incredibly strategic location, across the street from three health systems. And so, we're really excited about the long term -- and maybe the -- maybe the best, kind of, IRR cash yield we'll ever get from individual investments. It just takes time to accumulate the condos over time. So, a great question. We know it looks odd, but at the same time, on the back end, we're going to have fantastic returns from those investments. On the on the development, that's a good question. It takes 18 months to build these buildings. So the ones under construction or about to begin construction, those will -- it just plays out over time, over the 18 month construction cycle. So of that $200 million -- for your model averaged out over 18 months, but it's something like that. So it's -- and frankly, that's the projects we know we will probably finance this year, or contractually commit to financing this year. And we're working on others. So I think there's -- I think there are opportunities for kind of outsized investment on the development side.
John Thomas: Yes, Maria. Thank you. And thanks, everyone for joining us on the call today. We're really excited about 2023. It's a different markets and at a different time. But we think a 20-year bull run and seller's market has turned into outsized opportunity for DOC, Physicians Realty Trust this year, and we look forward to seeing you at some of the investor conferences coming up soon. Thank you.
Mark Theine: Yeah, good morning, Tayo. So you point out our operating expenses in the fourth quarter were up 9.8%. It's definitely higher than historical norms. But one thing kind of below the surface that's really pushing it up this quarter is some one time insurance costs are insurance in the quarter was up 1.2 million over the prior year. And again, those are some one time costs in the quarter. But you know, one of the things we really appreciate about our portfolio is just you know, as alluded to is that we're 95% occupied and highly triple net lease. So, our operating expense recoveries were actually up 10.3% to offset that increase. What our asset management team is really focused on is controllable expenses, and you know, where we've got the ability to impact long term, the operating expenses of the portfolio. And if you look specifically at controllable operating expenses in the quarter, those are up about 5%, 5.5%. So, that's a pretty good run rate and great work by our asset management team in this inflationary environment to really focus on those controllable expenses, which exclude insurance and taxes.
Mark Theine: Yes, certainly. So, again, we strategically did not renew two leases to -- in Minnesota to bring in an investment-grade tenant. So, that's going to create great long-term value for the company, for the portfolio, for shareholders. And we're going to continue to look at opportunities always to replace existing tenants with investment-grade quality, great long-term tenants. So, it does create a near-term drag on our same-store results, which is frustrating, but it provides the right long-term value and we will always look for those opportunities in 2023 and years after that. So, the good news is our leasing team has done a fantastic job this year of already commencing conversations on 162,000 square feet of new leases and taking space. Now, not all that will get done, but those are good conversations to start the year. And we feel good about filling vacant spaces throughout 2023 and really growing our net absorption.
Mark Theine: Yeah, Steven. This is Mark. Thanks for pointing that out. I should have mentioned that earlier, but we've done a great job sequentially keeping our operating expenses actually declined a little bit. Contributing to that sequential change utilities was a large contributor quarter-over-quarter and actually a decrease in holding that relatively flat and same with general maintenance category there, year-over-year those were -- those two categories were up about 700,000 and 600,000. But quarter-over-quarter, we did a great job with our asset management team to keep those flat. I think we're also seeing the results of some of our ESG efforts in the utility expense from LED upgrades things like that, where we've made wise capital investments, and we're starting to see that reduction in the operating expenses from some of those projects that we completed this year.
Mark Theine: Yeah, the obvious ones would be snow removal and markets -- North Dakota was hit pretty hard with our snow removal costs in the fourth quarter, but really don't have a lot of seasonality in our operating expenses outside those obvious ones. And again, our highly occupied triple net lease portfolio help insulate the overall NOI same-store numbers there. But, clearly, we watch that carefully for our healthcare tenants and partners, because it's the overall occupancy cost that matters when we talk to them about lease renewals.
