John Thomas: Yes, great question Nick and good morning. So Mark Davis and his team have been partners with us for really since 2014. And they've really developed and sourced a number of great opportunities for us every year and we have some new development projects getting started with them now. So that joint venture really evolved out of a kind of a strategy where we find buildings off market, they find buildings off market, some kind of fit our long-term strategy and some may require some value-add or lease up or just not ready for kind of our long-term strategic purpose. So truly a way to kind of have two pockets of ownership, so the REIT when it's directly optimistic or idealistic for us and then with Mark for those where we need to kind of combine to purchase. So it just gives us another tool in the toolbox. And we have two joint ventures in place right now. We have the other PMAK joint venture with Remedy that has been very successful and has really another strategic kind of alignment and purpose. So good source of capital, good partners to work with and provides us really maximizes the opportunities for us going forward for the REIT in particular.
John Thomas: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. So this is John. The pipeline is, we're really excited about that the near term items that we, again, have identified are existing relationships, repeat customers, repeat health systems, more and more health systems are really self-developing, building their own buildings. And so kind of maximizing the opportunity where they're constructing those on their nickel, and then kind of pre-selling them to us for long-term, partnership and hold, so very attractive. And that's been -- most of the investments we made in the fourth quarter and in our near term pipeline, or just that. So, not trading with another institutional owner, but dealing directly with the health system themselves. Got some good opportunities in the development pipeline, as I talked about a minute ago with Mark Davis and others, and that was very successful for us last year as that getting better yields, but getting fantastic product, again, for the long-term hold for the REIT.  So there are some portfolios, small portfolios out there trading, it's kind of trading and re-trading and re-trading. And we -- again, we see everything, we looked at those, but nothing of any bulk has been that attractive to us. So we'll grow primarily through the one-off of market relationships.
John Thomas: That's probably about right. So we -- kind of the gross value of what's going on in under construction or kind of in documentation right now is kind of net 60 to 80 million range. So, again, $100 million of gross value product a year is kind of a simple goal, but we'll do more if we can find it.
John Thomas: Yes. So there is -- again, we’ve had a long-term relationship with landmark and then the ownership there and have had opportunities with them as well in the past. This is one of the best portfolios of medical office building that he's explored, selling for the last two or three years, but it's one of the best portfolios, it's been around for the last five years, if you will, probably the best since the big deal. And then, the other day, he wasn't quite ready to sell. But he wanted to recap landmark deal. And again, we use mezz as a tool for long-term ownership. So we can't -- yes, he still has control on when that happens. And but we are -- we'll be first at the door through mezz. So plus or minus 10% to the kind of LTV, but it's a very valuable portfolio and getting more valuable.
John Thomas: Yes, I think that's a simple way to think about and again, it's there to park assets that are not quite ready for our ownership, maybe kind of through lease up, or there's no development in there today, but potentially for a development project as well. Or it may be an asset that's, again, just not part of our today long-term focus and strategy. So it's, again, think of it as a place to park assets that, again, the kind of the idea evolved out of a seller who had multiple assets, we wanted one and a couple were great tenant, great credit, but just were smaller, didn't really listed our long-term goal. So we kind of parked too in the Davis one with Mark Davis and we got one outright for ourselves. So, it's really just a strategic tool. We like to be responsive to our health systems.  And, when they want to monetize buildings, they don't want to deal with three or four sellers, or buyers, they want to deal with us. And so, again, we view it as a very strategic tool for place to park assets, and/or participate in the value creation that we see in other portfolios out there that right.
John Thomas: I don't -- I don't think it's going to be a huge joint venture, but it's 100 million or so now, and, kind of can see a doubling over the next few years. But I don't -- it's -- again, it's just -- it's just one tool in the in the toolbox.
John Thomas: Great question. I'm really enjoying all this attention on the Davis. So they're great, they're great partners and we're really proud of that. The answer is yes, we have -- we have purchase rights going forward on in that through that relationship. So again, it's a -- we're a minority partner, they spend their time and effort to create the upside value. And again, we'll have the opportunity to participate in that upside value for ourselves or otherwise.
John Thomas: Yes, that's a great question. You know, in 2009, 2010, you saw a lot of suburban office go vacant or not or not, you know, occupied in that in that recession. And that became pretty competitive, or at least provided opportunities for conversion, but it also competed with medical office building. If you think about this environment, it's really the downtown CBD office buildings that, might not get fully re occupied after work from home and a move to, the suburbs, from those, those kind of office environments. So, I think, I think it's a very different dynamic, you won't see CBD office buildings, converting the medical or -- you know, really competing with medical office buildings. So, in the suburbs, again, if there was -- if there was vacancy, those are always opportunities to convert those buildings to medical, but you realize the office demand is moving to the -- to the suburbs. So long winded way of saying, I think there might be some opportunities, but when you think about the CBDs that are, vacant or low occupancy those are not typical medical office buildings in this environment.
John Thomas: So, you're exactly right, the real estate taxes are passed along as part of a triple net expense. So the primary drivers of our same-store growth are the annual rent bumps, 96% least highest in the industry, and we've got, you know, strong rent bumps. So that' pretty much going to be the driver of our same store going forward.
John Thomas: Yes, it's part it's part timing and part again, the little bit of vacancy we have is that, you know, we have to absorb that, but it's mostly timing.
John Thomas: Yes, Tayo know, we've always thought off campus, it was the more important assets long term while on campus, continue to be very important to the overall health care system. But the cost, consumers want to be closer to home. Physicians and other providers want to be closer to their homes and in off campus locations, and as -- COVID is shown why the inpatient facilities need to be preserved for high acuity patients, and, everything else needs to be -- off -- in and out outpatient setting. And if there's no real reason for that building to be next to a hospital, then why isn't it closer to my home, closer to my schools, closer to my workplace. And so that -- again, with 2020, just proved up the thesis that we've had since the beginning of the company. And again, the spread of the ACA, the support of the ACA, the spread of perhaps buying options in those states that haven't expanded the ACA, and funded by this administration in this Congress, again, will further drive more care out about inpatient setting to the outpatient setting. So I don't think it changes our strategy at all, I think it just reinforces what we've been doing since for the last seven and a half years. And then that proved out last year, and it'll be certainly supported by this administration in this Congress.
John Thomas: Yes. All the systems are actually sitting there with a booked counter liability, if you will. So we see that as part of the kind of overall P&L of the providers in our buildings. So did Congress in a bipartisan way has been pushing back those payment obligations in really the CMS advanced payments already lowered the interest rates, already stretched out the term. So it's not going to be a six month call. And using your example, really surprised about when that's required to be paid back. In fact, there's some bipartisan support to just turn those Medicare advance payments into grants. And so, again, we see it as, just like any other liability on their P&L, and really evaluating the entire P&L, the entire balance sheet is part of both our credit underwriting for new investments, but also our credit monitoring, that Jeff and Q and his team do. And we're up to 92% transparency across our portfolios as we get a real good insight into bed. So there's not going to be any short term impact on paying those bags, and there's going to be plenty of government -- the government can provide plenty of time and particularly how long it takes to get the vaccines out and things like that.
John Thomas: Yes. All but one are on-campus, they're all fairly new kind of 10 years or younger, but they're all there, they're fantastic assets. Cap rate on the -- there no purchase -- direct purchase options, the seller still has the ownership timing and flexibility of when and if he's ready to sell those buildings. These would be in -- I'd like to say they're going to be real cheap, but they're -- this would be the best portfolio, our best buildings out in the market if anything we're seeing today. So it would be the low-end of the cap rate range the high-end of value.
John Thomas: We really focus our business development in our pipeline around working directly with physicians and hospitals, and the developers working with physicians and hospitals that truly a direct purchase with the tenants, the health systems are involved, the physicians that are involved. There is nothing wrong with buying from kind of from other institutional owners, but again, it's partly bad and it's partly -- you don't really get a health system relationship by buying a building owned by the third person who's owned the building, you have a health system relationship, because you have a health system relationship, and that's -- it's really a preference in our targeting. Specific kind of stats would be, the typical things, you look at Walt increases are the rents market, are they in markets that are growing? How big are the buildings, the size of the portfolio, and things like that? What are the strategic alignment with our current portfolio? So the portfolios that have traded have all been fine, fine buildings, fine owners and fine providers, but none have really met our criteria. And yet, as a package, and then, ultimately you're paying a premium. And how did that premium impact your IRR long-term from that. A lot of it's about just the relationships involved.
John Thomas: Yes. We don't have any exit plans they're coming. Thanks for the question. We're really focused on growth. We've really kind of mature proven the portfolio the last couple of years. And so it's -- we're really excited about what we've got. And you see it with the performance of 99.6% cash collections in the fourth quarter. So the -- we're always going to have a bias, if all other things being equal between the off-campus and on-campus, as you know, and -- but we've got some great on-campus assets in the pipeline. So again, it's how the situation matches up what's the purpose of the building and what needs to be on-campus, and if it's better served to be off the campus, then that'll be our preference. We're seeing pretty good opportunities like said, but it's kind of back to our old school one building at a time, two buildings at a time and growing the portfolio creatively like that.
John Thomas: Well, Vikram I can't help myself, but to say, we fully expect the off-campus to perform like they did last year. But no, I think you're seeing more and more people attracted to off-campus, because they see, how much better they perform last year, then many on-campus buildings. We're seeing that enthusiasm from other public buyers, and there's a small portfolio out there floating around, it's a very nice collection of mostly off-campus buildings, and great health systems involved in those buildings. And kind of rumor mill is 100 different buyers showed up to kind of underwrite their portfolio. So and pricing is ranging from five to six with all the portfolios that have been out there and trading and again, a lot of off-campus buildings in those portfolios. So I think it's going to continue to compress, but we're still the favorite son of the health systems we believe.
John Thomas: Yes, I think it's only it's probably narrow, but they're still going to be -- if there's an on-campus building, there's probably 150 buyers that show up. So there's still a large part of the capital pool that doesn't understand and appreciate the off-campus like they should, but that provides good buying opportunity for us.
John Thomas: Thank you, Omar. And thanks everyone, for joining us today. We've got a number of investment conferences coming up over the next few weeks and we look forward to digging into more details with you then. Thank you very much.
Mark Theine: Yes. Good morning, Jordan. Thanks for question. And same-store there. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, and you just alluded to, the majority of the increase in operating expenses both year-over-year and sequentially was real estate taxes. There's three or four properties that were reassessed and bumped up in Q4. So we think that's kind of limited to that quarter and won't be reflected going forward. But again, while operating expenses were up, our recoveries were also really showing the insulated nature of our triple net portfolio.
Mark Theine: Hey, Mark Theine here. So start 20 -- let me go back to, 2019 theme store, we started at 3.1% there, and then 2020. This quarter we're at 1.5%. So, this year is a little bit lower than then where we typically are 2% to 3%. But I think that's a really a good place to look at 2021 would be in that 2% to 3% range. As we continue to focus on, tenant retention and bumping leasing, spreads where we can so 2% to 3% for 2021.
Mark Theine: Yes. Thanks, Amanda, this Mark again. So as I mentioned, the same store impact from parking was 23 basis points in Q4. And we've rebounded to about roughly 80% of our normal levels, there's still a few valet services of buildings that are -- that are closed due to COVID. And you know, as those reopen, hopefully here, in the upcoming months, you know, we'll pick up a little bit of that extra margin from the valet services. But paid parking is doing well. And volumes are up at the building. So what we're missing, yes, there's just kind of that incremental margin from valet services.
Mark Theine: I don't know if I have a number on the full year basis, but I imagine it'd be pretty close to the same.
Mark Theine: Tayo, we're going to see a significant increase in property taxes in the states and localities try to recover revenue, and you're going to be more litigious than ever, but that's one of the really strong components of our portfolio is the high occupancy so that which those packs of taxes do pass through. We work hard challenging those making sure the right amount and appropriate amounts to the best we can like hell but, ultimately pass through in our high occupancy portfolio, really -- it's really a premium job to us.
Mark Theine: Yes, Jason, Mark here. So looking back a year ago, we initially put out CapEx guidance of $24 million to $26 million and then adjusted it early in 2020 during the onset to COVID-19. And $19 million was the midpoint of our revised guidance. So we came in right in line with our guidance there. And we did that really to prioritize the projects and safety of the team. And there were a few supply delays in projects like elevators that we delayed into 2021. So a little bit of that is a catch up from 2020. But our CapEx investment has been 8% of NOI kind of on average, well below our peers. And our 2021 guidance also includes some additional TI capital as leasing activity picks up. So a little bit rolling over into 2021, but 2022 probably going to be in line with that with that's $6 million a quarter so.
