Mark Theine: Thanks, Jeff. The third quarter was one of the best operating quarters in the history of the company, as demonstrated by our robust MOB same-store NOI growth, excellent leasing progress, improved tenant credit at several facilities and record-breaking tenant satisfaction survey results. Our better than expected third quarter results represent a further continuation of our focused execution of our relationship-based approach to real estate.  The MOB same-store growth momentum we established in the first half of the year continued into the third quarter with cash NOI growing 3.3% excluding termination fees bringing our year-to-date MOB same-store NOI growth to 3.3% as well. This strong organic NOI growth was driven by a 2.7% increase in base rental revenue from contractual annual rent escalations and improved same-store occupancy to 95.6% from 95.3%. Operating expenses for the same-store portfolio increased 6.4% in the quarter, primarily due to real estate taxes, and were offset by a 9% increase in operating expense recovery, demonstrating the insulated nature of our long-term triple net leases, which generate strong, predictable returns.  A major factor in our ability to drive revenue growth over time is our leasing team's acute focus on tenant retention, in-place contractual rent increases and cash releasing spreads. Currently, the weighted average annual increase for our portfolio is 2.3%, but so far this year, 86% of all lease renewals have contained an average rent increase of 2.5% or greater. For leases commencing this quarter, the average weighted annual increase was 2.7% and our cash releasing spreads were 1.2%. These positive drivers, along with strong tenant retention of 82% and positive 1,200 square feet of net absorption, signal sustainable growth in the years ahead. During the remainder of 2019, just 1% of DOC's portfolio is scheduled to renew with an average rental rate of $23.46 per square foot. And our team has strong leasing momentum in Atlanta, Houston and Phoenix to fill current vacancies. We are also excited to welcome the University of Louisville to DOC's portfolio as our third-largest tenant, and look forward to the opportunity to grow with them in our Louisville medical office building, where we have 35,000 square feet of space available for lease. Although our portfolio is an industry-leading 96% leased, we see areas of opportunity for our exceptional asset management team and leasing teams to collaborate on tenant retention and new leasing to deliver bottom line results. Our asset management team's keen focus on operational excellence and outstanding customer service can also be seen this quarter in the results of our 2019 Kingsley Associates tenant satisfaction survey. This year, we surveyed nearly 450 tenants representing 3.5 million square feet. Physicians Realty Trust received an industry-leading 78% response rate. Typical response rates for these surveys are between 45% and 55%, so 78% demonstrated the exceptional relationship between our asset management team and our healthcare partners. We also earned a company record score in overall management satisfaction of 4.5 out of a possible 5.0, and 92% of tenant surveys gave positive indicators as to their future lease renewal intentions. Thanks to a team effort focused on long-term value creation and growth, we had another solid quarter that validates the quality of our portfolio and our earnings. Looking ahead in 2020, we will continue to grow our integrated management and leasing platform, and are well-positioned to drive operational excellence, consistent same-store growth in our MOB portfolio and support near-term growth through new acquisitions. Our management structure is scalable and will continue to benefit from concentration as we invest in top-quality properties and portfolios in the future. With that, I'll turn the call back over to John.
Mark Theine: Yes. Sure, John. This is Mark Theine. So as you mentioned, next year we got 3.1% of the portfolio rolling, so very low turnover in our portfolio. It's about $21.44 per square foot, so as you mentioned, 5% below kind of this year. It certainly will be market dependent, but our leasing team has done a great job pushing rents where we can on our leasing spreads and getting higher contractual escalators. So far this year, as I mentioned, 86% of our leases have 2.5% escalators or more. So hopefully we can continue to push rents and we'll work hard to do that in 2020.
Mark Theine: It's certainly market dependent, but rents will continue to kind of grow up 2% to 3% and in markets where we can, we'll try and push that more. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes. That's right, Jordan. We're really pleased with the resolutions that we've had on many of the assets that we were expecting to sell. So as we sit here and we feel comfortable with the tenants and the credits, we don't think there's a near-term need to sale these assets.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. That's right, Jordan. And we'd sell them at the right price to the right buyer, but we're not actively looking to sell them at this point. And again, we've got a very small percentage of our medical office buildings that kind of were not long-term keepers. So again, over time we might sell those. But right now, we're not actively looking to do so.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, that's exactly right, Jordan. Those are -- yes, we'll get the $2 million next quarter and obviously we won't get the $1.1 LTAC payment again in the fourth quarter. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes, the only other thing that was different between 3Q and 2Q was we got $800,000 of rent, which represented two months of payments, but that will be flat going into the fourth quarter. So there's no other kind of one-time changes going into the fourth quarter. 
Jeff Theiler: John, that's a great question. We view loans primarily as a strategic option in our toolbox that just matches with the situation. So kind of think about those like we do development, which is $100 million to $200 million a year of new opportunities, but we're not actively looking for loans as loans. We're looking for medical office facilities to invest in long term. So just a little uptick this quarter because of a unique situation that presented itself and we ultimately hope to turn them into ownership.
Jeff Theiler: No. I mean it's the latter. Remember the portfolio is relatively new still, right? And we've acquired a lot of this over the last -- I guess all of it over the last six years or so. So we don't see any buildings that need material rehab or redevelopment. So I just mentioned because some others do.
Jeff Theiler: Okay. So I'll just kind of walk through. In terms of cash on LifeCare, you had about a $2 million reversal, which represented getting an extra two months of rent payment plus the $1 million back rent payment that we got. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes, sorry. That's all in 3Q. Exactly. And then for the Foundation El Paso asset, remember back in 2Q, we took a $2 million charge, but $1 million of that was related to Q1. So you get an extra pickup there. And then they also made a $500,000 rent payment in the quarter. So that was the difference between 3Q and 2Q. And then also remember there's a lot of El Paso assets, but the El Paso Specialty Hospital the tenant had, they started paying rent in 3Q too. So that was just under an extra $1 million there. So those are the adjustments from 3Q to 2Q, and then as you go into 4Q, I talked about it with Jordan, but you're going to get that extra $2 million of payment from the Foundation El Paso sale. And that will be recognized as rental revenue because it's a repayment of back rent.
Jeff Theiler: Tyle, it's JT and welcome back. We've missed you. Like I said before the loans -- it's a great question because actually we get better yield than 6% on most of our loans. It's always a strategic tool for us and just matching up to the situation and creativity. So the uptake this quarter was a unique situation where we have the opportunity to provide a loan to purchase of a building that has some lease-up opportunity. And then again, hopefully, we don't have any righter option, but we expect once that building is completely leased, hopefully, have the opportunity to convert that loan into a long term ownership position. So again we do it in the same bucket as we do development. So $100 million to $200 million of loans that are high up in capital's deck, higher-yielding and certainly have the opportunity to do more if the right situations present themselves, but it's not something we actively go looking for.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, this is Jeff. Because of the interest rates and fees associated with it, we're certainly trying to incentivize the buyer to pay up the loan earlier rather than later. Generally, it's going to take about a year of history to get seller financing -- to get additional financing to pay off the seller financing. Sometime between one and two years is when we would expect that loan to be paid up.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. The same-store number is our MOD portfolio, which in that portfolio is about 91% of our square feet and 86% of our NOI. What we break out separately is the hospital in L-tex. If we included those as the full portfolio our same-store would have been 4.9% for the quarter. So outstanding results year-over-year there.
Jeff Theiler: The physicians have guarantees behind the OpCo lease, again, which the new PropCo owner benefits from. But ultimately we have clarity through to that. And they've invested new capital into the outcasts. It's a much -- a very stabilized situation. Again, we got a lot of security.
John Thomas: But John, we're 96% leased so t redevelop stuff, then we got to move people out of a building. And so that's really not in our DNA. But at the same time, we have good strategically located real estate that over time and eventually present redevelopment or enhancement opportunities, and we would expect to do that over time. But it's -- again, at 96% leased, we got to find places to move people to redevelop them.
John Thomas: Mark, next year in 2020, we continue to anticipate the same-store NOI growth in that 2% to 3% there. Portfolio is doing really well, fully occupied. Most of our same stores can be driven by contractual rental increases. As I mentioned, those are 2.3% in the portfolio today. So where we can execute on some new leasing, hopefully we can bump that up a little bit, but we continue to see it to be pretty stable.
John Thomas: Hey, Vikram, thanks for the questions. I think the smart goal going forward is continuing to focus on high-quality health system anchored facilities. We've always liked off-campus and we continue to see those as probably the better value options while getting the same kind of credit quality and new construction for the long term that we're looking for. But again, whatever our relationships present themselves, whether they're on-campus or off-campus but I think we're not going to -- we're going to continue the growth of the quality scale, but also just pure growth with the health system relationships. Substantially all of our investments this year in our near term pipeline are relationship off-market opportunities, so that usually presents a better cap rate and a better yield. Then those off-campus opportunities continue to bring better yields than on-campus. So that'll be our focus going forward. The dispositions it'll be more strategic and again, from time to time, nothing is needed but just as we have the opportunity to prove the portfolio and prune we'll prune but no real plans this year.
John Thomas: We need all of our health system clients in relationship to these partners, we have repeat business with virtually all of our top 20 tenant relationships. I think we're in 12 different markets with Common Spirit, the largest health system in the country and continue to have opportunities for new development and acquisitions with them from time to time. So I think all of our health systems like to do repeat business with us. As Mark commented on our customer service satisfaction surveys the return rate in that itself is a reflection of Mark's team and how much attention to detail, how much attention we pay to those relationships and taking care of them. So those are retained and those partnerships come in all kinds of forms. The big portfolios. There's been several portfolios out there trading and it seems or appears, at least as we can tell this, in there's one buyer, in particular, that's buying the portfolios and outbidding everybody for those portfolios, which is fine. We continue to have smart growth, one building at a time.
John Thomas: Great question, Drew. It is substantially leased to two investment great tenants today within 250 yards of a major health system that's an existing tenant relationship. So it's an outstanding building. Like I said, the unique set of circumstances where we provided a loan to the owner of that building and in the long term we have no rights to it but in the long term we hope to have an ownership position in the building.
John Thomas: That's a great question. Obviously, we'd like to have them find third party financing, but they're part of the ownership of the -- in the majority ownership of both the OpCo and the PropCo. It's a private equity-backed new organization with a couple of other facilities I think in Texas exclusively, but looking to grow so we have every expectation of them paying which certainly have incentives aligned and incentivize them to find third party financing sooner than later. So we have every expectation of that, in the meantime, we get a very large payment upfront plus the background. So we think the future is bright there. The physicians that -- we have a relationship with their -- are very excited about this new partner that they brought in and managed and management is all going well.
John Thomas: I think the results have been higher for the year. The 3.3% is a direct result of the great team, our leasing team has done to fill some of the vacancies and they've got improved occupancy in the same-store portfolio and then again, continue to push annual rent escalators. So full year -- year-to-date we're at 3.3%. Hopefully, we're going to be at the top end of that 3% for the full year and next year, we'll continue to see stable growth in the 2% to 3% range.
John Thomas: It was not actively marketed in a process. The physicians until they brought in this new management company a new equity into the partnership. The physicians owned 80-plus percent of the facility and so we've been working with the physicians both to identify and frankly recruit in and bring in additional capital but more importantly management into the OpCo. We're working with them at the same time to facilitate a real estate transaction again to get all the incentives aligned economically between the OpCo and the PropCo and then ultimately for us to move it out. We're talking about the buyer pool. The buyer pool was the physicians in helping them identify a capital partner. Again, both have better operate, manage and growth of the OpCo of the provider but at the same time the opportunities to align incentives and buy the PropCo. So again if it weren't the same buyer coming into both the OpCo and the PropCo bank financing would probably have been easier to finance and identify on the sale to us, but at the same time the facilities have stabilized and operating better than ever. We had other buyers for -- potential buyers to come in and buy both the OpCo and PropCo but, again, the physicians that were there worked hard to pay rent and were on and still are on financial guarantees to us so we're just going to work through that situation. We think it's a great result and like you said, as Jeff mentioned, they have every incentive to get bank financing as soon as they can. In the meantime, we got a very large cash payment upfront to secure our position.
John Thomas: It's been a great question on the loans. For us is not something we're out there actively shopping for so it's just a matter of the off-market relationship nature of our business and strategy. From time to time, we come across opportunities where -- for various circumstances just a pure fee ownership or acquisition then match up the particular situation and we get creative and do alone. So I can't answer the question about what the market size and breadth and opportunity is, which again, is just one of those capital tools in our toolbox to make good creative investments. Again, ultimately, our goal is to own the buildings we have loans on other than foundation of asset which was a sale. But those are -- if we can get a better return on an asset that we traded a low 5% cap rate and we can get a 6% or better return in a secure position. Now, that's not bad option.
John Thomas: Yes. Mike, those primary were secured by the property of course, right, which is the biggest security. Also guarantees of the operating entity. But really we're getting $7 million in [indiscernible] and equity upfront. We still have a lien on the property so we feel pretty good about the security of that loan.
John Thomas: Great question, Mike. Given the near term, we don't have any need to sell anything. We always actively evaluate opportunities for pruning the portfolio. We just don't need to so if we currently sit here, we don't have any plans to sell anything. Again, the all tax and the lower 2%, 1% of the portfolio again, in time we will sell but no near term current plans to resell but we still actively manage and prune the portfolio as they present themselves.
John Thomas: Yes, it's United Surgical Partners, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tenant Healthcare, which has other hospitals in that market. So great management, great to capital base. They own 300-plus facilities around the United States through great management. They've been in there working with the physicians for over a year and helping to improve just the management operations of that and then ultimately had the opportunity to invest on a majority interest in that facility. So we expect nothing but great things from them. So we signed a new 10-year lease with Identity with the United Surgical Partners as a majority owner.
John Thomas: Dan, great question. When we bought the original portfolio from CHI we spent or we budgeted about $32 million in CapEx for all across the markets. About a year later they decided they were kind of actively look for a new owner for the KentuckyOne asset in Louisville. While we have maintained them, we haven't made major investments in there till -- we never knew who the new owner was in stabilization. So we're very excited about the University of Louisville Health taking over and assuming 100% of those leases and now we can actively manage the bank with a lease pipeline that has been sitting there just with physicians wanting to move in those buildings but just waiting to see who the new operator is. I think both they and the community and we are excited to have the University of Louisville Health in there. As new opportunities present themselves, we'll invest CapEx in those buildings to maintain them ultimately to potentially redevelopment but right now we have only 3% occupancy and looking to lease up the last 7%.
John Thomas: Yes. That question was asked. The short answer is yes, the long answer is we're 96% occupied, so to redevelop any of our buildings we have to move people out of the building. We have to do that strategically but more importantly, we will do that in a nice relationship way with the health systems to improve buildings to meet their strategic needs. The short answer is we really don't have any redevelopment opportunities or needs but at the same time we'll actively manage those buildings so the health systems can meet their outpatient and off-campus needs from downtown.
John Thomas: That's great question. So I would say we haven't bought any obsolete asset but at the same time, some of the older building are [indiscernible] systems. I would say we're bringing them as many ideas as they're coming to us with request probably more. We have some specific situations. We have a couple of hospitals that are in opportunity zones, and so we've had opportunity zone investors talking to us about working together to try to redevelop or take advantage of vacant land near hospitals for various development opportunities. So it's a very active discussion, great question, we just don't have any near term specific building identified to redevelop.
John Thomas: Thank you again for joining us today. As I hope you can tell, we're excited about the quarter and the future and great options for growth going forward. We just look forward to seeing all of you in a week and thanks for joining us today.
