Mark Theine: Thanks, Jeff. Physicians Realty Trust completed a productive third quarter with our portfolio of outpatient medical facilities demonstrated stability growth amid the current economic environment. We are especially proud to share this quarter that our leasing team achieved above average leasing spreads of 6.2% in Q3 on the heels of an impressive 8% leasing spreads last quarter in Q2. The consecutive quarters of strong releasing spreads above the historical 2% to 3% is a direct result of the mission critical nature of our assets and the enhanced value of our portfolio during a rapidly rising replacement costs. Importantly, we've achieved these results without sacrificing retention, without excessive concessions, and not discounting annual rent escalators. In total, tenant improvement and incentive packages totaled to $0.61 per square foot per year on renewals, while we achieved an 81% retention rate and a 3.1% average annual rent escalator across our 251,000 square feet of leasing activity in the consolidated portfolio during the quarter. Leasing costs were particularly low this quarter as 25% of our renewal volume was completed via automatic lease renewal language in the lease or by tenant options to extend the term with no landlord contributions for tenant improvements or commissions. Given the current cost to build and finance a new development, we anticipate healthcare providers will continue to utilize existing medical office inventory, ultimately driving up total occupancy costs in quality facilities with well capitalized real estate partners. In terms of new leasing activity, Doc currently has 85,000 square feet of executed leases in construction, but not yet paying rent. We anticipate approximately 20,000 square feet of these leases will commence in Q4, with the remainder commencing rent payments in the first half of 2023. MOB same-store NOI grew 1.1% during the third quarter, with results legging due to a 40 basis point decline in same-store occupancy. Over half of this decline resulted from an opportunity to increase occupancy long-term in a building with an investment grade ASE tenants. While we're not satisfied with the 1.1% result, it's important to view the occupancy in the context of the broader MOB landscape. Our 94.7% same-store lease rate is meaningfully higher than industry averages. Tenant demand for medical office facilities has never been stronger and we remain focused on unlocking the value of our portfolio for the long-term. When necessary, this includes the selective vacating of suites that have higher potential with a different tenant, even if growth is impacted on a short-term basis. Looking ahead, we expect same-store occupancy the bottom in fourth quarter before returning to prior ranges as suites currently under construction become online. Same-store operating expenses were up just 2.1% year-over-year, despite the high single digit inflation experienced throughout the economy. This performance is a credit to our asset and property management teams working diligently on behalf of our healthcare provider partners to minimize total occupancy costs. Specifically, this quarter's results was driven by the successful challenging of several real estate tax assessments, resulting in a year-over-year property tax decline of nearly $1 million that served to offset increases in non-controllable utility expenses. These property tax outcomes are just one example among many of the ways that our team works diligently to execute consistently on behalf of our shareholders and hospital system partners to deliver value during this period of economic uncertainty. I'll turn the call back over to John.
Mark Theine: Yes. No, that's perfectly said. And I think it's also important to keep in context that, our same store occupancy is at 94.7%. So it's a functionally very full portfolio and the 40 basis point decrease in same-store occupancy represents about 53,000 square feet in total. The specific example that we were referencing with the ASC is a building in Minnesota, where we deliberately did not renewed a couple leases to make room for a large full floor ASC tenant, with an investment grade rated system. So that's an example where we are going to take a little bit of -- on the same store growth in the near-term while that space is under construction. But ultimately we will have great long term value and take a building that was 90% occupied to 100% occupied for the years to come.
Mark Theine: Yes, I think it also varies a little bit by specialty of the tenant as well, where there's higher acuity specialty and more custom build out. Those are very sticky spaces, and therefore have a little bit more opportunity to influence the rental rate upon renewal. Just the alternative and the construction cost to relocate, those are very difficult and especially and expensive in today's market. So you have a little bit more of an opportunity to increase based on specialty.
Mark Theine: Yes. So on the first part, in the Q4 occupancy, we do know of our retention rate is historically 80%. So, we know that there's going to be some move out, but we're going to offset that with some new leases as well. We've got 20,000 square feet of leases signed, that'll come online in Q4. But we do think same-store will bottom, occupancy will bottom next quarter and then rebound in 2023. In terms of our annual escalations, our leasing team did an outstanding job this quarter averaging 3.1% and much better than our historical averages in the 2% to 3%. We're really pushing three and even four sometimes, and we can get it on our annual escalators to build in that long-term growth over a 5- to 10-year lease.
Mark Theine: Yes, I don't know that this was necessarily that much bigger of leasing volume or turnover. And next year, we've got about 4.6% of our lease is up for renewal, that's kind of been our average, and our lease expiration schedules been 3% to 4% a year, until we get to 2026 in those CommonSpirit leases. So right now, there's just been construction timing of the new leases completing those and starting rent payments.
John Thomas: Yes, great, great question Omotayo. That's one of the reasons we've preferred and we've always focused on really non-profit hospitals primarily is the market strength and the market share. Those facilities typically have and the long-term commitments of those facilities have to their markets. As you know, DE came out of the accession system to 25 years. Obviously, the systems and merchants have been mailer for 10 years. It's the providers and the organizations that we partner with and vast majority of our investment grade tenant base, which is 66% of the whole portfolio, our non-profit health systems with long-term commitments to those communities. And so what we are seeing is a lot of, again, like I said, portfolio optimization where they want to lease the right space at the right price for both of us at market rents, which are increasing. And then the stronger systems, again that we work with are looking at new growth opportunities and that's where the development financing opportunities are coming. So, it's a tough market. Revenue and volumes are high. The challenge many hospitals are having with the volumes and the revenue opportunities is they don't have the staff to actually provide the service. Our health systems are fighting through those issues and again have high utilization. But the expense structure, wage cost, supply costs are exceeding reimbursement rates, which there is always a time lag. And government in particular can be a year to two years behind kind of current inflation costs. So, CMS did better this year. They are not doing enough for physicians, and we expect that they will address that during the line of accession. The commercial insurers are stepping up as well to increase reimbursement to appropriate inflationary levels. So, we are seeing a lot of positive momentum. Everybody is tightening their belt as best they can. But most of the systems we are working with, in the bigger markets stronger markets, are really looking at expansion opportunities not retrenching.
John Thomas: Yes, this is JT. The confidence level comes from, again, real time kind of market discussions, as you mentioned, most of leasing kind of has that is an 18-month conversation, before concludes, and we still have high construction costs. It is -- the growth in that construction cost is moderating. It's coming down to certain types of materials, some labor, but we still have a high inflation rate that's going to drive better lease experience for the foreseeable future. So well, that more kind of foreshadowing in our next call at the beginning of the year. But for now, we see continued positive trend at higher than usual rates.
John Thomas: Yes, Josh. As I just mentioned, there was really an opportunity to roll 4.7% cap rate proceeds from an asset that would generate a very large net gain from that we have held for nine years to opportunistically rolling that cash into that investment. If we were pricing it today and we hadn't sold assets to recycle it in an accretive way like that, we would think about the pricing differently. If the trade has gone up 150 basis points since completed that transaction, so it's a different world, two months, three months later. But at the time, it was a perfect opportunity to roll that cash into an accretive acquisition. As I mentioned, we think about these investments on a 10 year plus IRR basis. And if you think about the long-term opportunity for compression in that market of a new asset, we think, it's outstanding long-term IRRs.
John Thomas: Mike, it's JT. I'll let Mark comment as well. It's market to market. And it's kind of where you're starting from, that's why, it's not like rent growth slowed down, because this quarter was 6%, last quarter was 8%. It's the least is coming due and where they are in their current market compared to the existing market. Nationwide, construction costs are high, those markets that are the strongest Atlanta, Minneapolis, some of the smiley face markets, Phoenix, are growing at faster rates than others, but they never seeing opportunities really across the board. So, it's -- we do expect that to continue. And, again, it's going to be quarter by quarter, but also market by market and where the optics are, as you know, most of our acquisitions come with new 10 year leases, so we only have so much rolled each year, to be able to capture this rent growth opportunities. And then those tenants, as we mentioned, where they have, options to renew that either fixed rates or a current plus 2% kind of role or some kind of market rent kind of arbitration process that changes that dynamic, again, just based upon the leases in place. So it really across the board, the opportunity across the country, though, is to roll rents up in most markets, assuming where we were at market rates. CommonSpirit is an example. We did struck those 10 year leases in 2016. Those were all struck based upon the market rates in place in those individual markets at that time. So, again, all of those should be growing at faster rates today.
John Thomas: Yes, and Mike, the other thing I mentioned is, the difference went on and off campus, I will tell you, most of our development, financing is off campus sale systems are trying to penetrate new markets and capture market share is they came out of the pandemic with balance sheet strength. And so, I'd say there's probably more opportunity off campus, new groves locations, while there's still strength in the on campus buildings as well. We're about 50/50s, we have, kind of see, both sides of that.
John Thomas: You hit the nail on the head. The projects we finance are highly preleased, 90% plus, most of them are at 100% with system anchor tenant, and they're approaching that or we're approaching that on the yield on cost basis, and then comparing that to the actual construction costs. And comparing that to market rents, which are, by definition today are going to be higher than kind of an existing building. But as I mentioned, these are health systems trying to capture new market share and expand in locations geographies where they don't exist today. So, it's a balancing act. So, we're only going to fund those where we're comfortable that that spread to an existing building can be achieved in the services that the health system is going to put in those buildings. And I think all of the things we are looking at right now have ambulatory surgery centers in them, and partnered with physicians partnered with orthopedic surgeons. So, there are high margin services moving into those locations. So it's a balance of something that we have to be careful about in our underwriting and we are confident that we are.
John Thomas: I think that's a great question, Mike. And I think we have historically made that investments either as part of development or part of a recap of the seller who's not ready to sell, but is willing to raise your partner with us in some kind of economic basis. Most of the private activity -- because we have been competing more with private buyers in the last three to five years than we have with public buyers, most of that activity at high cap rates was done with low cost debt that was three to five year debt. So just do the math. We are looking at 2023, 2024 probably an opportunity to step in very beneficial way for high debt or higher yielding debt or acquisition opportunities at profitable cap rates. So that's what we are excited about next year and the following year both in operations, but also the opportunity to deploy capital, again assuming the capital markets that open up for us to match to fund that.
John Thomas: Yes, this is JT. I think, part of the dynamic is. So like the ASC option here, they were probably looking at building their own building or kind of going into a new development at higher rents, as we talked about development financing we're doing with health systems that are capable of absorbing those higher rents, but doing much larger buildings and footprint. So, high construction costs makes moving into an existing building, a better option or repurposing an existing building a better option than a brand new development project. So, I think that's probably driving some of these changes. And to do that, if you need 20,000 square feet, we don't have 20,000 square feet available in the building. And we are going to have to eliminate or non-renew some leases to make that happen.
John Thomas: No, I think we're exploring all those opportunities. Again, right now that kind of investment pipeline is still there. It's just quiet -- and sellers, if they're not forced to sell right now we're trying to ride it out as well. Again, but I think we'll see more buying opportunities next year. But now we've always looked for opportunities where building might be 80% leased, but we have a tenant in hand. We have so much repeat business and so much, aggregation of business with hospitals all over the country and with physicians groups in multiple locations. So I'm kind of always looking for an opportunity to buy an 80% occupied building and backfill with a lease in hand with an existing client. So that is a great comment, great suggestion and something we explore often.
John Thomas: Doug, I appreciate it. Thank you everyone for joining us. We'd like to welcome to the Doc family [Kew] and his wife had a young baby girl last night. We're just excited for him. [Kew] leads our credit efforts and he will be back doing credit analysis tomorrow, I'm sure. Now, [Kew] will take appropriate amount of time and get to know this new daughter and we just appreciate everybody joining us today.
Jeff Theiler: Absolutely. So our leasing team has been doing a great job on both renewals and out there focusing on leasing the vacant spaces that we have. As I mentioned, we have 85,000 square feet of new leases that are signed in under construction, when those are completed and generating revenue bill at about 100 basis points same-store. To recruit new tenants and it is tough right now given the construction climate out there. And on a per square foot basis per year, this last quarter, I think we were close to $6, which is per square foot per year, meaningfully higher than our renewals where we're experiencing quite a bit of tenants exercising options to renew or we have auto lease renewal language and a lot of our leases, keeping our CapEx low on renewals.
Jeff Theiler: Juan, this is Jeff. No, I mean, we haven't seen anything material in terms of any relief request or anything like that. Coverages remain about the same. I mean, they're probably a little bit down, but nothing that would concern us at this point. I think JT's remarks were just addressing the overall industry. And what the health systems are going through right now. But we're not concerned about our own portfolio at this point.
Jeff Theiler: That's certainly varies least by lease, but a lot of leases do have fair market value language included in them. So that is a conversation that we certainly have with the healthcare partners and in some cases brokers in the market to help us determine the fair market value. Clearly, in many markets that's increasing as a result of the construction costs and the inflation that we're experiencing in this environment. There are a few examples where the lease has just continued to escalate at the previously negotiated annual rent escalator which maybe 2% or 3%. I think that it really makes our leasing spreads that much more impressive when you factor in some of those options renew that are renewing a 2% to 3%.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, the markets the most part is shut down. Right now, I mean, the interest rates have climbed dramatically since our most recent investments in the second quarter or the beginning of the third quarter. Banks have shut down lending to the private market. So, while you can find a loan from small regional banks, you're not going to get large capacity for portfolios are their expensive assets. So assets, looking at cap rates. I think now the brokers have learned that it's going to best case scenario to six and if you look at the cost of debt, if you can even get it and the equity prices of the MOB buyers in the public market, you're in the 60s and 70s before it becomes accretive. And you match up capital market cost with going with seller expectations. They just haven't caught up there yet. So we've just paused. We're continuing with our development financing. We're about 200 million of total investments for the year. We're still working through some of our development pipeline. Again, assuming we can get kind of can match up our yield expectations and needs compared to our capital cost. And we expect next year to be pretty robust buyers market, if you will. So, market just as not pricing discovery continues. It's getting closer, but we're not there yet.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, let me address the JV partner first. It's one of our long standing partners. As I mentioned earlier, we're in our 10th anniversary year as a public company. Are they beginning in year one we did, we started doing some one-on-one JV opportunities with them. That's a great sophisticated private company in Dallas that we've known for a long time and they found opportunities for us to co-invest and we sold them assets, we bought assets from them, etc. So a great partner they brought us into this opportunity. So if you recall, we had just completed the sale of Great Falls in Montana at 4.7% cap rate. This is an asset that wasn't Calko asset and Brooklyn was not on the market, when our JV partner started talking to them earlier this year. Expectations and fair expectations are in the low four cap rate range. By the time we were invited to join those discussions, we had just completed the Great Falls transaction. We needed a substantially better price than the low fours. We were able to commence seller to accept a first year 5.5% cap rate. There is a little bit of leasing opportunity there, not much, but long-term great investment grade tenant base, lot of physicians affiliated with that health system in the building, new asset, relatively new building less than nine years old in the Brooklyn market. And the opportunity for cap rate compression, once cap rates start going back in that direction, we thought are outstanding. So the IRRs look fantastic. And again, we just had that recent sale just perfect opportunity to recycle that cash, those proceeds, into a high yielding long-term asset.
Jeff Theiler: Hey, Josh. So when we look at our weighted average cost of capital and use that to evaluate potential acquisitions, we are obviously looking at cost of equity, cost of debt. The cost of debt, debt markets are not super functional right now, but I think we could probably do long-term 10 year debt in the 6.5% to 7% range depending on what day it is. 10 years shopping all around these days. Cost of equity is obviously going to be higher than that, kind of look at a FAD yield plus expected growth rate. So we are looking at IRRs that are between 8% and 9% like a target range on a levered basis. And so I think that matches up pretty well with what JT was talking about when he was saying that cap rates need to be in the 6s and possibly 7s in order to be accretive.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, that's a good question. We've got about 18% variable rate debt which we're certainly cognizant of that especially as rates seem like they're going to continue to increase. We do like having some cushion a variable rate debt that's easy to pay down, if we have loan paybacks from our mezzanine program and that kind of thing. It's a good short-term use of proceeds that is kind of anti-dilutive when you get paid back. But certainly, that's something that we continue to evaluate on a quarter-to-quarter basis, hedging strategies, et cetera.
Jeff Theiler: I mean, like everyone, the freight interest rate headwinds as they continue to go up. I think the same store NOI, particularly if you add in some additional leasing opportunities that we think we might be able to get. We do believe we'd be able to overcome that kind of headwind, if you will. But certainly it's kind of a tight environment right now. Ideally, we get some creative acquisition opportunities as well, which could further enhance our FAD and FFO per share growth.
Jeff Theiler: I think it depends, Jeff again. So, it depends on, kind of where we can find pricing in the market. I mean, there's certainly potential acquisition pricing that would work even at our cost of equity right now. We haven't seen it yet because the markets kind of shut down. But should the pricing go to there, I think using equity would be a viable way to do that. Certainly, we look at capital recycling as well. And we've been in contact with potential JV partners for years. And if we had an opportunity that we could avail ourselves of that source of capital, we would also consider that as well.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, I'll take that. So I think next year we do think that there is going to be a nice rebound in our same-store. Our operating expenses this quarter were particularly low because of some of the real estate tax challenges that we were successful in contesting on behalf of our healthcare partners. Without those real estate tax benefits, we would have been closer to 7% increase in our operating expenses and it is an inflationary environment out there, we will continue to work on behalf of our healthcare partners to keep those operating expenses as low as we can. But the nice thing about our portfolio is that it's very well insulated due to our high occupancy and triple net lease structure. So we think that those operating expense increases next year will be offset. And therefore really going to benefit from the leasing work we have done both in terms of the new leases coming online, the 85,000 square feet I mentioned and these leasing spreads. And so, I think in 2023, we will start to see the benefit of that and get back to our normal levels or even just a bit above our normal levels in the back half of next year.
