John Thomas: Yes, Jordan, thanks a lot. This is John. The market -- there's a lot of -- there's been several portfolios floating around the market. There has been pretty steady supply of on market opportunities. We really focused primarily on our off market in relationship opportunities and hopefully directly -- working directly with healthcare providers. So the -- as I mentioned in my comments, we've got some exciting assets under contract. As I said we're going to add a new state and a new health system that investment grade and we're very excited about that. We think we'll have some repeat business opportunities with and feel very confident about at least the midpoint of the guidance if not more. We're also finalist in a couple of development RFPs working with some best-in-class developers with those health systems. We feel very good about it. 
John Thomas: Our system is superior. The assets and the sizing I think is around the $75 million number that I've -- that I mentioned and fully leased. Cap rates are around 6%. 
John Thomas: Yeah, it's pretty simple Jordan. It's a 100% pre-leased building with Ascension or Sacred Heart which is part of the Ascension Health System. So Randy building the local developer group, it was pretty close near ready to start construction. Deeni has spent some time with them and really just kind of replace the capital structure that they were looking at. And the I guess perhaps during the construction cycle, it's a little low. But the back-end yield there's a pricing we'll realize early 2020 or midpoint of 2020. So we're going to get very attractive yield on that investment beginning of 2020. The option to acquire is really the structure, but it's our intention to complete the funding of construction loan and then complete the acquisition on the back-end and see just one way to mitigate the risk which we think is no longer on construction. 
John Thomas: Yeah. So LifeCare is again the bankruptcy process is coming to conclusion. The stalking horse two different stalking horse bidders were identified during the process which is moved pretty quickly. The bankruptcy filing with after our last earnings call and looks like it evolved pretty quickly after this one. The stalking horse bids were finalized yesterday and the winning bidder for our three assets are we've been in discussions with. I understand their operating plan, our assets, particularly our Plano facility is still generating very high cash flow and then the bidders by all accounts pretty excited to have the opportunity to buy them and assume our master lease as is. Again to continue to see is it's still finalizing the bankruptcy court process and then moving toward closing. So, buyers done all their due diligence, they would close very quickly to be conservative, we're assuming the end of the year, but hopefully, it's sooner than that. So, a little bit outside our control but we think it will be a positive result assuming the bankruptcy court process concludes which should. And then the buyer performs on the contract that's in place. On the Foundation, and yes, Jordan….
John Thomas: Yeah. We do intend to sell those the stalking horse buyer for -- sort for the OpCo's in our locations is also interested in the real estate and we want to get the bankruptcy court in his closing their closing behind us and then we look forward to this.
John Thomas: And we will market them as well. Secondly, is the -- on Foundation, and we're very close to a contract with the physician group is there. This kind of long overdue in all candor, but we really do feel we're at the go line in that discussion and moving forward to complete that sale pretty quickly. We do have some others in the background that we'll pivot to if necessary, but we feel pretty confident we'll get that sale completed. But until it's close, it's not closed.
John Thomas: Yes. I mean, the leases in place so indirectly the credits there. The loan is guaranteed by the development group, the developing team, its the development company, which is Just a number of high net worth individuals that out there.
John Thomas: Yeah. Sorry for the confusion there, it's not residential real estate. It's the medical office building that was divided us into condominium structure when it was built a number of years ago. So it's an incredibly strategic location kind of irreplaceable location and we're in discussions with all the condo owners. We just completed this first stage of the acquisition. At this point, the units we bought are replaced with all leases. So it's a step-by-step structure. We can't -- we don't know when we'll complete the acquisition of all or we will, but that's our expectation.
John Thomas: Yeah. We work with the firm and have from the beginning that both in the underwriting and the acquisitions, but also post on that tax appeals really every asset gets scrubbed every year and we've had a lot of great successes. Now condo with the rising values in medical office buildings, local tax assessors are running hard and trying to increase assessments. Some acquisitions post some of these portfolio deals, a significant increases in property tax rates. And so it's something we focus on hard everyday and our tenants, it all passes through on our triple net leases, but still the cost of occupancy to our tenants we work hard to mitigate that.
John Thomas: Other than half of -- we talked about selling Foundation El Paso and the life care hospitals, we're talking about plus or minus $100 million of other assets and frankly we have if they're good assets we have a buyer that's can massively by waiting those, really just trying to match fund and with the use of proceeds. So we expect some closings this -- still this year.
John Thomas: Yeah. That's our plan. So it just takes one -- like, brick at a time to condominium structure. So it's one unit at a time but we're in discussions with substantially everybody involved.
John Thomas: Yeah. Again, that processes the headline similar ramp for two years and we continue to be in close dialog with KentuckyOne or Common Spirit in particular. We feel very good about a new buyer for those hospitals and/or the other hospitals in town have strong interest in our medical office buildings there. So we don't expect any issues with our facilities.
John Thomas: The buildings that are closest to the buildings that are closest to the Jewish Medical Center itself that we are or next to the two other leading hospitals in the community as well as University of Louisville Medical Center. There's a lot of demand lot of use for those facilities. And I'd say that's worst case scenario and don't expect any occupancy issues.
John Thomas: Again, thank you for joining us this morning. As noted, we're very excited about the success of the second quarter, and look forward to a bright future. Thank you.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah. Thanks Mike. This is Jeff again. They didn't pay April and May. They have been paying rent since June 1.
Jeff Theiler: They've made partial payment for August, but that's part of the finalization of the contract is to just to get rent started paying -- give them to pay rent, while they go complete the due diligence process and closing the sale at which point they'll pay all of 2019 rent.
Jeff Theiler: Hey John, it's Jeff. So you're right. When you look at the headline net debt to EBITDA, it's much higher than we typically operate. But keep in mind that that's really impacted by a lot of these accounting adjustments, which we won't have next quarter and actually some of them will end up reversing over the next few quarters. So if you normalize that out you're kind of more at the 5.7, which is about in line with the leverage that we've had the last few quarters. So we're probably right near our target leverage. I think we got a little bit, but probably not too much more from here. So whenever we look at these acquisitions and new investments, we look at it using an appropriate mix of debt and equity and make sure it pencils out under those parameters and so we'll continue to do that. And then we'll -- in terms of funding needs we'll -- but you said the cost debt is coming down, so that's getting more attractive. And then we'll obviously look at our equity price and make determinations about whether to use equity capital as well.
Jeff Theiler: I see. I see, your question, because of the lower cost of debt, we run a higher debt to EBITDA. I mean, it depends. I mean the cost of debt is moving pretty rapidly around here as the 10-year drops by $0.20 or 20 bps of yield over the last, it seems like couple of weeks. So I think right now we'll kind of stick with our target of 5% and if it looks like, it’s a sustained move down in cost to debt, maybe that comes up a little bit. But right now I think it's too early to make a determination, because it's so volatile.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. This is JT. Common Spirit is -- they continue that integration of those two large health systems, I think, is starting to move pretty rapidly, now just the people and teams and the other integrations. We think they're great client, a great tenant across the board. We really look at market-by-market, as whether we'd be comfortable with expanding that, in some of their market that you expect we would expand and we'll have the opportunity to do that, because of our relationships there. In other markets, it's probably TBD. And then from time to time we sell one or more of those assets or would sell some of those assets, again, market-by-market depending on the situation. We're still waiting on the local market to have some clarity on what's going to happen with the hospitals that they have there. We fully expect our MOBs would be fine, but we may have a new client relationship there to work with. So great organization, we think they'll -- the combined organization, the plan they have going forward, it will just -- will make them better and all of our assets better at the same time, but it is truly market-by-market for us.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah, so again we're about $44 million of that what we've done to date this year is construction commitments, so I guess maybe that's a third of the total. I think that number as a percentage will creep up back – toward the back end where as I said in kind of in final position with a couple of different health systems on new development opportunities that we would participate finding those. So those could be bigger. By the end of the year if we don't – we don't -- aren't aware of those in development number will be quite as big. On the acquisition front as I said, we've got about $75 million under contract in a couple of different location – the best prediction I can make right now is two-third of the acquisitions I think we close this year and third will be development starts that we either under construction or that we win by the end of the year.
Mark Theine: Yeah, San Antonio has a buyer for it's currently -- it currently being managed by third-party. There’s a buyer anticipating closing. And we believe that will occur next week on 50% ownership of that facility with the doctors there. As part of that we negotiated a new lease with them, a new 10-year lease for both the hospital and MOB and we expect that to -- that buyers are well-capitalized, well known operator. So we think everything is stable there. And they got slightly behind in the course of 2019 with rent, but have been steadily catching up pretty close. Yeah. Less than two months.
Mark Theine: Good morning, Nick this is Mark. So we're really proud of our same-store results for the quarter. Again this is -- two more things to keep in mind as Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks. This is our core MOB portfolio and it does include the entire portfolio. So there is no held-for-sale bucket or repositioning bucket. As you know our average annual rent bumps is about 2.3% and during the quarter we celebrated the anniversary of the CHI portfolio. So we had about 20% of our portfolio from those leases and in our same-store portfolio, a 1% increase represents about $600,000. So it's really not a huge dollar amount but it makes a big difference in percentage. And so it's really driving the improvements in our same-store this quarter. Our two leases, which had three rent last year and are now paying full rent this year, but, again, really proud of our same-store core portfolio overall as a whole doing really well. We look forward to continuing that next quarter.
Mark Theine: As we complete the sales we've talked about, I think will eliminate every one of the issues on that watch list this quarter or this year based on the timing of the LifeCare situation but each of those have been -- and addressed pretty thoroughly this quarter.
Mark Theine: Yes, Chad. This is Mark. So the primary driver of that, as I was saying before is, two leases that had free rent last year that are now paying full rent and operating expenses, so 1% movement in our same stores about $600,000 there.
Mark Theine: Yeah, I think, I mean, a little bit. It's a public process Chad. So there's a ton of information in the bankruptcy court filings, if you want to go look, click through it. But it's a one of the original founders of LifeCare has reorganized the company and as capital and is coming back to buy a handful of the assets.
Mark Theine: Good morning, Dan. I'm Mark. So internal cost, not really, not many. So we are able to pass through many of the property administration and salaries in our leases that are triple-net. And then, areas where we're not able to pass through salaries, there's quite a bit of opportunity of margin in the fees that we charge relative to the cost of providing those services. So net-net, profitable opportunity for us to bring in-house property management, but also just as important and maybe more importantly is the relationship that we're focused on with our hospital system partners. So getting a step closer to them and gaining that local market knowledge is really important to us.
Mark Theine: That's right, Dan. But don't forget about a-third of the portfolio is single-tenant management fall. So the 55% is -- there's still some market opportunities, but not a lot of the growth that we're providing.
