JohnThomas: Yes, Dan. I don't think anything real specific. The vast majority of our space is investment-grade or on the campus of an investment-grade hospital. So I think some of the smaller tenants took a little time to get their PPP loans in place their Medicare Advance Funding in place. But again right now for April we're almost completely -- I mean we have almost no AR for April at this point. And for the whole quarter over 98%. So I think all of our facilities are open and operating and back to working and paying the rent consistently. 
JohnThomas: Yes. I think that's something we'll see in time. Would there have been some hospitals out there marketing at least the idea of monetizing some buildings. I don't think there's been a lot of trades from that perspective. But what we are seeing is some new development opportunities that are starting to gestate and kind of in the market testing the funding levels at this point. So we'll see more of that we think in 2021, but we do have that expectation. 
JohnThomas: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think it will be a combination. Activity is picking up obviously an improved cost of capital certainly helps in that perspective and the consistency or I guess maybe the lack of volatility that we've seen over the last few weeks and would hope to continue to see from the results we just reported. But we've got both acquisitions development and some mezzanine financing kind of opportunities in the pipeline. And as we just talked about looking for some health system monetization opportunities in 2021. 
JohnThomas: Yes. I think the mix has served us well. Some of the single-tenant facilities we're the ones that had the busiest schedules in May and June. But again back to a normal environment. I think it's a good mix for us. And it also kind of staggers out our kind of lease roll as well. So we don't have a fixed percentage in mind. I think we look at all opportunities that we pursue with our existing and future health care system clients. And a lot of the single-tenant buildings in our portfolio are 100% leased to a health system investment-grade tenants. So we feel really good about those. 
JohnThomas: Vikram, thanks for the question. It's obviously a very timely explosion in a positive way of telehealth. Most of our clients are telling us it's additional revenue. They're finally getting paid for it. Creates a lot of efficiency particularly for our surgeons and our oncology physicians who can do a quick check of their postsurgical first procedure check in with their patients without those patients having to come into the office. Many of those surgeons are extremely busy in May and June and we're still taking some family time off in July but doing telehealth from their vacation home. So, it's -- I think it's a win-win really across the board. Our portfolio -- while we do have some primary care and some internal medicine and we have almost no behavioral health psychiatry. So, some of those services that have been very kind of prominent in the telehealth world. Most of our facilities are procedural based and investments continue to follow kind of a procedural based environment where physical presence of the patient and the doctor together is required for most of the care. So, we see it as a win long-term opportunity and we also see some opportunity for modifying existing space to facilitate more telehealth in the office. 
JohnThomas: Hey Mike thanks for the question. Yes, we did address that in the beginning, but I'm happy to do it again because very positive news. So, about 2% of accounts receivable we have left over for the first quarter. The biggest part of that over half of it is one tenant and they have finally gotten back into their office and are busy again and has started paying rent again. So, we've already picked up some of that second quarter AR from them and we expect to fully collect that and get that resolved with them pretty quickly. So, that's the vast majority of that number. And the balance we still believe is collectable. So, we have not really adjusted our historical bad debt numbers at this point.
JohnThomas: Yes, we've been conservative Mike. I mean we have really a pretty good pipeline still in place. Pricing and trades that are happening in the market are not -- have not really changed from pre-COVID pricing. Even though cost of capital is still higher than it was in February and March. So it's -- we're being very cautious. We're working more on some 2021 development opportunities right now. We will have some -- I do expect we'll have some acquisitions this quarter and in the fourth quarter. But there still will be a modest amount as we kind of let the market settle down. I mean the fantastic results of our portfolio and really all medical office portfolios that we've seen in the public markets driving a lot of -- even more capital into our space. So, the competition is pretty tough but we continue to work -- more focused on the direct off-market opportunities as the best we can.
JohnThomas: Hey, Jordan, I think great question. The – I think the acquisitions we're working on again are kind of single buildings not portfolios not widely marketed opportunities but really direct negotiations with health systems or physicians that are tied to health systems and they own their buildings and looking to monetize for various reasons. And then also development opportunities, I think hospitals have learned a lot over the last few months about kind of their infrastructure and their space needs and their kind of parking ratios, and parking the ability to keep patients segregated and things like that. So a lot of that learning is going into some new development plans on existing buildings we have, as well as some new buildings that to be built. And most of those at least things, we're looking at right now are kind of off-campus, health system, affiliated buildings. And as people want to spread out and kind of allocate their outpatient services to the most efficient locations. So that's the – some of the learning and that's driving some of our kind of investment thesis in the near term. But monetizing or selling things, we are – we have very little left in the portfolio that we were just kind of actively like to sell. It'd be a small dollar amount, if we did. We would look at opportunities on a case-by-case basis. The one name that's been performing remarkably well in this quarter has been the LTACHs. And we've long said, we'd like to sell those if we can get to the right pricing on those. In the meantime, there they're paying the rent. They're high yielding. They're driving some good revenue and good profit for us. 
JohnThomas: Yes John. I mean virtually none. I mean there's been a very small amount of kind of trading that as part of lease renewal negotiations and pretty typical either TI or free rent nothing -- no I mean modest immaterial adjustments at all. 
JohnThomas: Yes. There's only one health system that's been out, what I'd say actively marketing a portfolio of medical office buildings. And to my knowledge it hasn't traded or price. The acquisitions market that we've seen again most of the actively marketed portfolios are trading at kind of pre-COVID pricing and have not been attractive to us at those prices. But again, we've done best and we've grown the company best when we're buying one building at a time, two buildings at a time, in a north market way and that's what we're really focused on right now. So the market has picked up. There've been trades. We have some things active in our pipeline that we're working to get to the finish line before the end of the year and hopefully before -- even some before the end of the quarter. But it's active. The amount of capital coming into the MLB space just continues to come in low interest rates etcetera, it's driving a lot of activity.
JohnThomas: Well since we use only one it like the off-campus affiliated buildings, those should be 7s and 8s but the reality is that we're in the 5.5 to low 6 range -- kind of in -- most of the things we're looking at in our portfolio and we really don't break that out between on and off. The off-campus affiliated buildings have been the best-performing from a rent collection. They're the busiest from an activity standpoint. They were slow in April, but primarily because of the rationing of PPE, but now the PPE suppliers have come back. Those were the first open. And frankly that's where care is being provided in those states that are starting to restrict inpatient or surgery and inpatient facilities. If you follow CMS proposals for next fiscal year, they're increasing a number of cases, Medicare is that can be done in an outpatient the number of surgeries that can done in an outpatient setting and incentivizing that with higher reimbursement. So we continue to be very excited about that, particularly the off-campus affiliated buildings but all of our buildings are doing well. 
JohnThomas: No. We've not done deferrals. We've had one major tenant that we were patient with through the quarter has started paying the rent again. They follow -- they tend to get caught up with their -- the accounts receivable that has built up for them in the second quarter. But they're back in obviously in their space and very busy and expect to work that out with them over time. But it's again less than -- a little over 1% of kind of our accounts receivable balance for the quarter and a handful of other small tenants that again we're working with to get called out. We don't have any increase in bad debt and no form of deferrals. We're reporting cash collections. That's cash -- cash bills and cash collected. 
JohnThomas: Yes. Great question, Mike. So on the surgical pipeline what we heard originally in May and June I think some of the comments you were referencing is that they were extremely busy catching up from March and April. But just weren't sure about how their schedules look in July and August. Right now they're all reporting very strong schedules in July and August as well coming out of July and that the August schedule is full as well. On the oncology side, those were our busiest buildings throughout. They were never really restricted. We had to work with those tenants and kind of facilitate a clean passage way I guess from the car to the treatment facilities, but those have continued to be busy. Obviously, the diagnostic care both in oncology and cardiology. We see in these national numbers has been a major -- will be a major problem over time for patients themselves, but we don't see any slowdown in the number of volume in our facilities. The 100% -- I mean our oncology facilities those tenants were always consistent with the rent and always busy from that perspective if you want to think about it on that side. But I think the public health issues that you referenced. Many of our hospitals are trying to encourage patients to -- they can come into the facility. They can come in with -- don't delay heart care, don't delay cancer care, don't delay routine diagnostics and starting to see a pickup there. So I'm sorry to ramble a little bit. But I think the long-term impacts, we won't know about until next year, but the flow of patients. We were open on Saturdays. There's an inefficiency on the surgical side because they have to get tested in the parking lot before the surgical patients led into the building. But again we're helping to facilitate that. That really works well in the off-campus buildings where we have more space in the parking lot for that kind of activity. So Saturday surgery is pretty common across the board. 
JeffTheiler: Hey Vikram sorry. I wanted to add one thing. This is Jeff. The other thing that we've really been pushing for obviously we've had great success with our credit analysis of the tenants. So, certainly as we look to new leasing and renewal leasing we're always making sure that we have as much visibility as possible on those tenant financials. So, we can continue to monitor them and make appropriate decisions based on how they're performing quarter-to-quarter. 
JeffTheiler: Hi, there. This is Jeff. So look obviously we're in uncharted territory here with this pandemic. So we've been taking a very careful and conservative approach as JT talked about on the acquisition front and also on the capital side. So we're really looking at the environment month by month, we'll make adjustments as we see changes in the environment. But I think for right now, you can expect a pretty conservative capital structure and acquisition pace going forward. 
JeffTheiler: Jordan, look at this point in time it wouldn't – we don't think that would be the right thing. But like I said we want to monitor this month-to-month. So it's hard to make long-term projections right now. And so what we're doing is we're trying to be as conservative as we think reasonable for the environment, which right now I think we're at that point. If things deteriorate, I mean, certainly we could be more conservative on the capital front. If things get much better, we could get a little bit more aggressive on the acquisition front. So it's hard to make a long-term plan right now. So we're just trying to stay as safe as possible and as conservative as possible.
JeffTheiler: Yes sure Jordan. So you're right. There was a – obviously the LTACHs they're cash basis. They repaid some back rent. They repaid some of the legal fees from the bankruptcy and real estate taxes from the bankruptcy. So there's about an additional $1.4 million of call it nonrecurring revenue this quarter from the LTACH. 
