Lauralee Martin: Thank you, John. Welcome to HCP's 2013 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning are Paul Gallagher, Chief Investment Officer; Tim Schoen, Chief Financial Officer; and John Lu, Investor Relations. Let us begin with our results and for those, I turn the call over to Tim. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, we are very actively in the market for deals. You'll recall that in the second quarter just across the broader marketplace, sales activity really took a pause due to the uncertainty that was generated by the Federal Reserve's comments. We have seen market activity come back. And as I talked about, we see that activity across the entire 5x5. So we will be active. I think to your point, it will be lumpy. I would also say we put a lot into the Barchester transaction and transactions are binary. The good thing is we got paid very well for that effort, and we think we're strongly positioned for more in the future. 
Lauralee Martin: Yes. The RIDEA philosophy was -- has always been embedded with the board. And both management and the board have shared a very consistent view. We have nothing against RIDEA. We just think it needs to be priced appropriately. It works for some assets, it doesn't work for other assets. It works when you can see a way to enhance value and it's got to be priced appropriately. So if the opportunities come forward that match our risk reward philosophy, we'll be in them. And if they don't, we'll do triple net leases. 
Lauralee Martin: Well, I will definitely be relying on the people in HCP. But Jones Lang LaSalle has both a healthcare business and a life science business. We approached it not as an owner. We were a service provider but it meant that we were advisers into many of the clients that actually HCP has or would like to have. And so those relationships come in at levels of conversation that can make us potentially dialogue differently but get to what HCP would like. And that is an opportunity to be part of the capital structures of the best providers. 
Lauralee Martin: I would make one comment then I'll let the others go in. I think one of the things that I see is that the strength of HCP is really understanding the underlying property dynamics, the capital needs of the operators and then being able to use the right structure against those to compete very well in any type of cost to capital environment. So it's really going at the needs of the operators and what those properties need to have happened that gives us our opportunities. 
Lauralee Martin: Yes, I would say we look at all significant deals. But our policy is not to comment on what happens to the market. 
Lauralee Martin: Sure. Well, first of all, the reasons expressed by Jay and his resignation, we do not view -- board does not view as any different than what Mike McKee, our Chairman, made in his comments on the recent per leadership change. The board and Jay had a very different vision of the tone and standards of leadership that belong and are required at an S&P 500 company at the stature of HCP. So it's very consistent with what you've been told and it is there. I think what you've heard is my comments on our strategy, what we're doing in that strategy. And as a board member, I've been very comfortable with our business strategy. If we change our strategy, it will be because the operating environment tells us we should for more opportunity and the management team wants to do it together. But right now, it's working very well. 
Lauralee Martin: Again, the word that he used was vision, and the ongoing discussions between the board and Jay were our vision of what leadership should be and his vision of how we operate it. We discussed those very clearly in the transition change, and that was the reason for the change. So I appreciate everybody wanting to pursue what has happened, but we as a company are completely looking forward on how we optimize our performance and deliver the most to shareholders at this point. 
Lauralee Martin: Again, I think you're trying to find words in a document of resignation that is reading way too much into it. Again, I realize everybody wants to delve into it, but the most important thing is we're telling you our strategy today. We're telling you where we're going and we're completely looking forward to get it done. 
Lauralee Martin: I think style, you never quite know when it sort of hits you that it's too much. I think I can say I was on the board of HCP for 5 years, most of the board much longer than I am -- was. And in that time, we had 4 CFOs, 3 general councils, 2 audit firms, I could go on. I mean, you never know what is finally, enough is enough. So there was no triggering event, I think, is what everybody's looking for that was there. My style difference? I believe in teams. I believe that it takes a lot of expertise to do complicated business, and that's why you need teams that each bring their specialty, their knowledge, their add to what gets done. The team at HCP is extraordinary. And already, it is a team, it feels like a team. I'm delighted with what we're getting done. So I think it's a large company, HCP is. It works in a space where we want to be a much larger company, and that requires talent being utilized across the board. And that would be probably the major difference that I would say I'm bringing. Okay. Well with that, we thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you shortly at NAREIT, and we hope many of you will be joining the bus tour of our Bay Area Life Science portfolio on Tuesday, November 12. Thanks. 
Paul Gallagher: We saw some activity first half of this year, probably a little more than we've seen in the past 2 or 3 years. But we continue to see opportunities kind of across-the-board. We like the debt side on the acute care hospital side, but we have not seen anything as robust as we did in the first half of this year from a volume standpoint. 
Paul Gallagher: We constantly are in dialogue with HCR as far as what's going on with their platform. We have not had those specific discussions. But to the extent if there was addition by subtraction, we would be open to those sorts of discussions. 
Paul Gallagher: Jeff. I think first off, I mentioned this is the first time in 24 months that HCR has benefited from a Medicare rate increase that was not offset by sequestration or therapy provider cuts. They also saw some solid growth in their home health and hospice with 3.5% year-over-year growth. Headwinds do continue with lower census due to shorter lengths of stay and shift from Medicare to Medicare Advantage. But they are gaining market share. Admissions are up 1% year-to-date. Free cash flow year-to-date $65 million after rent, interest and maintenance. They continue to spend $100 million run rate on CapEx, and that validates their confidence in the platform. Yes, they've been kind of bumping along the bottom from the standpoint of coverage, but we feel that with the rate increase that's happening, coupled with new cost savings initiatives that they're initiating in the fourth quarter and the strategic partnerships that they have, we think they're going to gain some good traction here in 2014. 
Paul Gallagher: We've been bumping along for the past couple of quarters, we're finally getting some good news. We think with what they've done with their strategic partnerships, they've positioned themselves well from 2014. They're taking into account new cost savings initiatives in the fourth quarter. We've got rate bumps. We think that's going to bode well for 2014. 
Paul Gallagher: We're actually seeing some good activity in life science, MOBs and senior housing right now, not as much on the hospital side, probably more debt opportunities on the post-acute side. 
Paul Gallagher: From our standpoint in RIDEA, we think that simply changing from a lease structure to a RIDEA structure doesn't give you "the upside" that you would need for taking on the risk in a RIDEA. We like more the turnaround-type scenario, change in operator, occupancy play, reposition play and things of that nature. And to the extent we see those, we would consider doing a RIDEA transaction. That said, when we bought our Bray joint venture from Blackstone and Emeritus last year, they had a component of that portfolio that had a lot of those characteristics. But we were able to effectively structure that deal in the triple-net lease where we got the upside through rent steps in the first 5 years and then a rent reset to market at the end of that 5-year period. And effectively, we were able to protect our downside with corporate guarantee from Emeritus while still getting the upside that we wouldn't have gotten through a RIDEA transaction. 
Paul Gallagher: I think we like that risk return profile on that particular transaction. We would definitely be interested in a similar type of transaction. And by the way, that portfolio was actually performing better than our underwriting. So we think of that as a very good outcome. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think those opportunities do exist. They do have owned properties outside of our master lease that we've had discussions with them in the past. ManorCare has been spending a majority of their time dealing with the difficult environment, the post-acute sector for the past 24 months. But we do have constant dialogue about opportunities that are in the marketplace, and we've had active discussions about specific transactions over the past 12 months. 
Paul Gallagher: Well, again, we were dealing with risk-adjusted returns with that particular transaction. There were certain aspects of the transaction after we got in and did some due diligence at the asset level that indicated that where we thought value was, was different than where they were. But from a standpoint of understanding the market, we do our normal due diligence. We went out and we looked at a lot of assets, understood the landscape, talked with a lot of people about reimbursement in the marketplace, understood their particular strategy. We have a good relationship with the folks at Four Seasons, understood their strategy and how they created value in the marketplace. And we've been able to formulate some very strong opinions about what are good opportunities over there in the U.K. market. And we think there are still some attractive opportunities for us to pursue. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think Lauralee commented on that, that that's kind of the preferred action. If we find something that we feel on a risk-adjusted basis makes absolute sense, then we would pursue the equity transaction. But primarily, we like to get in with best-in-class operators and try and provide capital in the debt stack. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes. We had the opportunity to acquire a small piece a couple of weeks prior to the payoff, and we were able to buy that investment to that tranche and subsequently we're repaid. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think we still view the asset class as attractive. I think at that point in time when those comments were made, leasing was slow. We've seen it pick up in all 3 of the markets that we're in. So there are opportunities that do exist in a couple of these various different markets and we're actively looking at those opportunities. 
Paul Gallagher: Well, we really haven't seen too much of a move in cap rates. I would answer that question this way. It's not a question of what is our hurdle rate but what's the rate risk-adjusted return for the investment opportunity that presents itself. And those that have less risk, there's going to be a lower hurdle, and those that have more risk, we're going to want to have a little higher return. So we look at them on an individual basis, utilizing the 5x5. And to the extent there are opportunities across the board, we'll go for them as they hit the right return numbers. 
Paul Gallagher: I don't think we're looking at those any differently. Our cost of capital based on stock price and debt costs move on a daily basis. But how we price the risk, that hasn't changed. 
Timothy Schoen: It's also understanding kind of where your exposure is. Just because we have very, very favorable cost of capital doesn't mean that we need to pay more than what the property is worth. That's going to have an impact on you when there's new construction in the marketplace and things of that nature. So we're constantly assessing what the right risk return is from the real estate standpoint as well. 
Timothy Schoen: And as Paul mentioned, the reason we like that transaction, corporate guarantee, outsize rent steps, the ability to stabilize that portfolio over time, investment of the tenant in that portfolio. So those are all aspects of a deal that we like that we would definitely do again even in today's environment. 
Timothy Schoen: We underwrote Barchester as a debt investment. We like the returns associated with the debt investment. But like we've done in the past, we do like the optionality of debt. At times, that's led to the ownership of real estate in HCR ManorCare's case, and at times, that's resulted in repayments like in the case of Genesis and Barchester. So we like the optionality. We underwrite it as a debt investment. If it clears the bar, great. If it leads to ownership of real estate, all the better. 
Timothy Schoen: I wouldn't say that we characterize it as HCP took a step back. What -- I think what we said was, as a result of what happened with the Fed and what have you, that buyers have taken a step back to reassess where pricing would be. Right now, our portfolio remains strong and robust across the 5x5 and we're actively in the marketplace. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Mike, on the pool, on that particular pool, it was a pool of 14 assets that are operated by Sunrise, has a unique structure where CapEx is taken out of the operating cash flow. We anticipate making an increased amount of capital investment in that portfolio to improve the occupancy and the operating performance over the next 12 to 18 months. And as a result, the operating cash flow after CapEx is projected to be under our accrual level. We chose to be more conservative and switched to cash basis this quarter. I would think about this investment similar to what we did on our RIDEA portfolio where we invested in the portfolio to improve the operating results. So we're going to take over the next 12 to 18 months, invest in that portfolio and improve the results associated with those 14 assets. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. I think, Rob, we've been very consistent with our capital structure, 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity. I wouldn't expect that to change. We're a little bit below that, given the Barchester debt payoff so there's no target with the rating agencies. We continue to have the highest-rated balance sheet in the healthcare sector. And you would expect -- you should expect to see us continue to underwrite 60 parts equity, 40 parts debt. So we're right in that zone. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, CapEx, Rob, is a little lumpy. It's got some seasonality in it. But from a run rate standpoint for the year, year in and year out, it's been right around the low $60 million range. That should be consistent. 35% to 40% of that gets spent in the fourth quarter. So expect to see that this fourth quarter, you expect to see it a little bit more lumpy, I think, in the $25 million range. But anyway, $60 million just in that zip code is a good annual run rate. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, obviously, we'll continue to look opportunistically at the markets to do longer-term debt, but we do have some cash coming back to us with regards to some purchase options that have been exercised. So that addresses a large piece of the maturities next year. So we actually have a lot of optionality in terms of liquidity over the next 3 to 4 months. 
