Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. In the first quarter of 2017, the Company generated funds from operations of $34.1 million or $0.24 per share. Our normalized funds from operations was $39.6 million, normalized funds from operations per share were $0.28 and our normalized funds available for distribution were $35 million or $0.25 per share. We again has demonstrate outstanding earnings growth for our shareholders with year-over-year growth of 27% in normalized FFO per share and 25% in FAD per share, compared to the first quarter of 2016. We continue to find great value on the acquisition front in the first quarter closing on $248 million of investments at an average first year cash yield of 6.0%. This quarter’s acquisitions represented outstanding quality at truly outstanding value. Our best-in-class acquisition team continues to do the hard work sourcing deals that will create value for shareholders on both in earnings and net asset value basis. Had we acquired all of these assets at the beginning of the quarter, they would have contributed an additional $2.4 million of cash NOI. Our people is strong and we remain confident that we will be able to source the $800 million to $1 billion of acquisitions that we guided to for 2017. Turning to operations, our same-store portfolio, which represents about 54% of our total portfolio, generated year-over-year cash NOI growth of 6.7%. while same-store cash NOI growth is a number that tends to vary from quarter-to-quarter. The variance this quarter is largely than usual primarily due to tenants taking occupancy and our Nashville Medical Office Building. Absent unusual item, our portfolio generated 3.5% same-store growth. Leasing activity on our portfolios an outstanding with 96.5% of our portfolio leases. This fits our strategy of keeping our buildings full. Full buildings create a vibrant atmosphere for our tenants, as well as value enhancing referral patents, is one of the operational philosophies that we believe distinguish us and make us a favorite partner of many healthcare systems. Mark will provide more detail on operations in a few moments. As usual, our balance sheet metrics ranked as the best in the sector, as we fill to fund building the company in a methodical way with the priority of keeping the strong fundamental capital base. We achieved 17.25 million shares of stock and overnight offering in the first quarter raising net equity proceeds for the Company of $301 million, which fully funded our first quarter acquisitions. At the end of the quarter, we had debt-to-total capitalization of 24% and net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.4 times. Our $850 million line of credit is fully available and as at quarter-end we had a $117 million of cash on hand. We also entered into the public bond market in the first quarter with our $400 million inaugural bond offering in March. We were able to upsize that offering from our planned $300 million raise due to the high investor demand and we were able to price the coupon at 4.3% truly an outstanding result for the company. With access to both the public and private debt market and our loyal equity investor base, we believe the company has never been as well positioned on the capital side as it is today. I’ll now turn it over to Mark to provide some additional commentary on operations.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, so Juan its Jeff, we are negotiating prices on El Paso and San Antonio foundation assets, the Oklahoma City assets is pretty low cap rate right now, because there is vacancy in there. But I think on Georgia assets, it was a fix - that’s right 18.2 million and that helped to improve average age and occupancy of our building that’s all in those four applets.
Jeff Theiler: No, Jordan it's Jeff. No, I think we pretty consistently said that absent kind of unreasonable capital expenditures we would expect our portfolio to grow between 2% to 3% on same-store basis. But it varies, I mean sometime it’s a little bit higher, sometimes it’s a little bit lower. But on the average we would expect 2% to 3% or so. I guess that saying that in the future quarters it might be down a little bit and average out 60 basis points or 75 basis points lower.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Hey, John its Jeff. I mean as a general rule, I’m not sure to some reason not to - we tend to repay our mortgages when they come due. So, we don’t have very much expiring this year. I think we only have about $30 million, $31 million. So, we anticipate that we will pay these mortgage off as they expire and then bring those top reasons to our unencumbered pool and use them far against on and unsecured basis.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, so the biggest onetime items for the 6.7% NOI growth is, we have the Nashville Medical Office building, tenants took occupancy of that and it rolled into our same-store this quarter. So there is a bump up from a previously vacant building or some of occupied building.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. I mean, clearly, any time you are exactly, it’s going to be a little bit diluted pure FFO, as well as terming out to the debt on a 10-year basis. But we’re always look at our company and trying to build it on a fundamental basis, could be in a good position to execute on. So we felt that the ability to clear out of our line of credit completely, put a little bit of cash in the bank. As we look at our people. Right now through the rest of the year kind of set us up for the best possible value creation opportunity for our shareholders. So we took a little bit of FFO on dilution budgeting in those long-term capital moves.
John Thomas: Juan good afternoon I think I mean we will have to see how that plays out. We have got a nice pipeline, some of the average - in the first quarter what we have been focused on in our current pipeline is met 6% to 6.5% range, which is again reflecting very high quality as well as we talk about the two buildings that we feature today. So we will see how it plays out overtime, but it does reflect it’s a high valuation medical office buildings should attract, market capital are interested in them, but again we have got a very good pipeline and those type of numbers and we are going to continue to pick our plum in those branches. Let's see how it plays out.
John Thomas: Yes, this year $21 in line with market averages. Over the next two years in schedule we have in our supplemented a little bit below that and so we expect to continue to grow our ramp at 2% to 3% a year on renewals.
John Thomas: We have always thought about it being 50 basis points may be higher 100 basis points in this context. So we have seen assets trading sub six, we are best-in-class building just bought] just below six. So that’s 5.5 to 6.5 range should be pretty solid for best-in-class MOB.
John Thomas: Yes, I think that’s where our focus is going to be and we feel pretty good about that. So again best-in-class single assets may go below to six number, but it will have a five in it and like I said I think on the average maybe the low end goes a little bit below six. But just the loss about opportunities between that numbers second half.
John Thomas: Hi, Jordon so again just looking back at our all the investments that we have in the supplement only Creighton University Medical Center which is a brand new building and sort of the last major component of the original CHI transaction that’s only one of on the ground lease with the CHI hospitals in that market Creighton University Medical Centers.
John Thomas: Yes, for this quarter we renewed 25 leases about 87,000 square feet. Our leasing spreads were 2.1% and that’s the normalized taking out three leases that we did a mark-to-market and extended as part of an acquisition and we put those in our underwriting upfront at the beginning to lower those as far as the acquisition.
John Thomas: Yes Tayo this is John. So the LTACH continue to go through their transition to clinical criteria, the coverage which has been our supplement crawls our three LTACHs, this last quarter was 1.6% which is down. The Plano facility continues to really knock it out of the park, that Forth Worth and Pittsburgh facilities are kind of generally flat. So those are all three in a master release with corporate credit. We feel good about our rent but we would like to see coverage being higher of course. The hospitals again that’s really, again just to be clear we just don’t serve the hospitals on top of the LTACH or separately from the LTACH. They are all in the 2.5 coverage some aside I think. So and they all continue to operate well. again with the exception of foundation which those are operating well today, but you know had poor performance in the fourth quarter and going into the first quarter.
John Thomas: I think it’s generally too early, the most significant 603 leased that we renewed again we renewed at the high end of our expectations in very large part because that we knew that the hospital was not going to vacate their space because of the 603 rule. So again, straight at the end market that’s still at the high-end of market in that renewal and got a long-term lease and Mark did a great job at that. As far as cap rates, we haven’t seen a big change there, we are very attractive to those at qualification and those buildings of that quality, but again we’ve always been more comfortable going off campus and most [indiscernible] physicians and hospitals we work with. So we will see how it plays that overtime, we think it will strengthen the assets.
John Thomas: No, you know I think that we guided the 22 to 24 for the year. You know obviously we’re running a little but under that right now and my guess is we’re kind of more in that guidance range. So I expect it will pick up a little bit through the rest of the year.
John Thomas: No, our regular business is that the ones [indiscernible] so again we are not aware of anything on market, it's a big portfolio.
John Thomas: Yes, for this quarter the single tenant assets in the same-store portfolio grew at 4.9% and the multi tenant property grew at 8.3%. Then multi tenant property include the Nashville MOBs so that one is a bit accelerated this quarter. But normally we see our single tenant portfolio growing right about 3%. Many of those buildings are fair lease back transactions but we have been able to structure the lease upfront and we put 3% in [indiscernible]. And the multi tenant buildings on a more normal basis is usually around between 2% and 3% as Jeff had mentioned before.
John Thomas: Almost all multi tenant, we don’t have many single - I mean any single tenants in 2017 and maybe one in 2018 so almost all multi tenants.
John Thomas: Other than foundation which we - again feel it positive turn around there, Trio’s has been in the news a lot. They are working through a refinancing of their hospital which will make a huge impact. They have got a balance sheet issues that can get solved if they can [indiscernible] significantly if they can refinance the hospital though that or otherwise. So [indiscernible] but otherwise operation and - we continue to work with them, but expect to find a long-term. It will work with them as a good partner in short-term.
John Thomas: That was 37,000 square feet of lease. But there was not on last year, that is now included this year.
John Thomas: No. Chad, we’re working with the physicians to recover some of that. And we are also working with them both in San Antonio and El Paso about the building back form a – probably the resolution gets all weld into one solution there. But again right now our San Antonio is operating very well and El Paso is recapitalized and the business has improved. So we’re optimistic but we don’t know, we will see how it plays out.
John Thomas: So El Paso had of volume and collection and San Antonio had a collection problem, so both are getting resolve. Foundation Healthcare in an out of itself is no longer involved in the management of ether facilities and collections have gone up and improved in both.
John Thomas: Yes. Jon, it’s leasing and leasing both vacant space and renewals better than expected and also better management of the expense controls and really high customer service that we’ve delivered to health system and their physicians. And we think on a 12 months basis, we look more like 6.4% to 6.5% versus our underwritten 6.42%.
John Thomas: I mean, I think on a proportionate basis, we get a lot of scalability. And it’s not a significant headcount increase over our guidance for this year.
John Thomas: Yes. We don’t see any real competition from the model side that’s something that had been going on for three years, the [indiscernible] physicians groups and others, kind of we have them, but we don’t see that is a little competing supply with our hospitals and physician groups we basically own a couple of buildings that were the end of results of that kind of readapted use, but we know there is sustainable our trend if the fact and then that’s going to...
John Thomas: Oh I'm sorry, yes from the department standpoint. No, I think the market is seeing a little bit uptake in the development like Minneapolis that’s - one of the biggest developments there with our partner Marc Davis and we think that’s the supply - health system us to anchor development that hopefully we have an opportunities to work with Mark in the future.
