John Thomas: Yes. Craig, it’s John and good afternoon. We are – the biggest buyer kind of out there in the space is still private equity and we are seeing probably more private equity than public buyers. And even some new existing recognized firms with the new – some new capital coming to the private equity side. And there still continues to be plenty of bank debt and other leverage for them to use. There are – we are still not seeing say the big three – I think all three have basically said they are net sellers or at least two of them have this year and there are some – there are several portfolios out in the market today that are floating around. And again I expect the private and some of those are REITs selling so my assumption is those will be private equity or the non-listed are coming back a little bit and we don’t see that much. So, we are going to continue our onesies, twoisies straight down in the middle of the fairway is business like we always have and to take advantage of good portfolios like to CHI which is outstanding from time to time. But we will continue to see our onesies, twosies that’s what this business is about.
John Thomas: The major contributor to that was a couple of leases in one building, the hospital system in that building was consolidating some sleep center and related pulmonary physician groups into another sleep center. And it’s one of our premier buildings done in Atlanta on Pill Hill and we feel very good about the repositioning that building and back filling that space. It just takes a little transition time. So that building should demand high end of the market rental rates and we are going to be very picky about how we reposition that space. Well, we do think we will good demand for it and we will get that back filled.
John Thomas: Yes. I think cap rates generally they have got I will say stabilized with 6% being the highest quality opportunities. I think what we are saying right now is come more in that 6.5% range and that’s probably the right average for the rest of the year, the rest of the acquisitions. We had a good strong first quarter, some very high quality buildings mostly off market that large St. Vincent’s investment that bring resourced from his colleagues at ascension and positions in those buildings with an attractive 7.3%. So we still see good opportunities like that. But I think you will see 6.5% probably good average for the rest of the year.
John Thomas: We know some of the buildings. We know some of the providers, but I think we are very focused on the provider portfolios like CHI is our primary source of portfolio reduce.
John Thomas: Can’t really talk too much about those portfolios, yet we are all under – indeed everybody out there looking out on their NDAs [ph], but we have kind of given you a good range of our guidance for the year.
John Thomas: I would say primarily what they asked is they were targeting of the quality scale when we can so in bigger markets.
John Thomas: And that’s an average to be clear, so it’s kind of what we see the average working up for the rest of the year.
John Thomas: We are so obviously like I said I just highlighted the big acquisition which had a influence on that 7% average with the St. Vincent given off-market transaction building the buildings [ph] in a associated way for many years of physicians and the developer of those buildings, so just we are able to get a very attractive price there. So…
John Thomas: Yes. And again you are looking at CHI, $40 million of that NOI is going to escalate by lease but for 2.5% or so continue to move that average up.
John Thomas: Yes. So as I have mentioned in the comments the nice portion of the CHI assets were 603. CHI and McKesson on the opposite sides of changing or fighting that legislation or trying to amend that legislation in Washington but we don’t see that getting any traction. But they are making a big effort, haven’t seen any regulatory moves that CMS on it yet. And so again we are, we still see a lot of good 603 opportunities and things that are unattractive, so it should be attracted parts of our investments going forward.
John Thomas: It’s almost entirely attributable to those two leases we just talked about Chad. So operating expenses in with the lease gone, there is no – we have less tenants to allocate those operating expenses through. So there are some other smaller buckets but that’s the material part of that issue.
John Thomas: Yes. I think we have been kind of in the low 2% range. So I think if you average out its going to fluctuate like I always I reached you. But I think the average of that over the next year you will probably be around 2%.
John Thomas: Yes. I am John and good afternoon. CHI has gone – made a number of major acquisitions over the last 5 years. They expanded dramatically with the merger in logo with the dual self system there they acquired or merged with the St. Luke system down Houston. Expanded their operations in Omaha, it’s just that they have been growing very rapidly through kind of M&A and frankly needed to kind of replenish their balance sheet with cash. They have been working with the rating agencies on that as well. So, one of the factors and the rating agencies in noting as a factor for an upgrade was for them to kind of replenish the cash and the balance sheet. So it’s a good capital allocation and a good way to source capital at a good cost for them and prudentially hopefully improved their credit rating, they are an A. So there is strong credit and the hospital systems with a bit of actually tenants in our buildings we did – we had a third-party doing indicative rating analysis for us. And some of the systems are high Ds and some are better than the system rating away. So, we feel very good about the credit quality there.
John Thomas: We wouldn’t be surprised. We don’t see anything actionable right now. But we do expect it to be a trend level continue and we think we are well positioned with our relationships between again Deeni and myself and John Sweet and Governor Thompson to get phone calls routine from health system CEOs looking for sourcing of capital for M&A opportunities.
John Thomas: I think IRR opportunistic using a lot of leverage using both secured senior debt and a lot of mezzanine debt that’s out there. So, that’s where we see the capital coming from. There has been one of the big name brand private equity shops that you would know has just funded a new core fund. So, with the kind of lower return, lower leverage expectations, but they are targeting kind of major market large kind of core type buildings that suggest may or may not be medical. But these two or three private funds that have been value-add slow growers over the years, but both have exploded and put a lot of capital in the last 18 months and we see them playing into at least one of them was actively involved in the CHI discussions and we would expect probably bid a lot higher than we do.
John Thomas: I think we have plenty, Joe. I don’t know what they – I think everybody in the space is curious about what the excess strategy is at least one or two of these private funds, but the way their capital structure that looked like they are kind of structured themselves for a public exit, but we will see.
John Thomas: Yes, it’s not an unusual experience. Our Peachtree Dunwoody building was exactly that. It was a general office building that was sitting right next to the hospitals and the original owner didn’t want to lease to physicians and then it was empty and then second owner came in and leased it up to physicians in the hospitals on the market. So, it’s not an unusual phenomenon and usually a pretty low cost way to convert those buildings. I wouldn’t say we fear that business. I think we see opportunity in that was well.
John Thomas: I wouldn’t say we have a canned underwriting differential there. I mean, I think you will probably see it be 25 to 50 basis points in practice, but we don’t go into an underwriting this was going to be 25 or 50 basis points left. We look at the whole tender roster, single tender obviously being kind of easier to think about, but so the 603 assets not exactly true, but are essentially tend to be the single tenant buildings and now with 603 and a lot of those have CON as well like the Louisville, Kentucky buildings with CHI. They tend to be more attractive and thus attract a higher price, lower cap rates though.
John Thomas: Yes. So, our OPs are very – so, I mean we have a lot of physicians seeking us out for – to do OPU transactions. Lot of our physicians that have participated over the last three years have done very well with theirs and are great referral sources. So, frankly, we have probably more demand for OPUs than we want to put out, but it’s a very attractive tool. And it seems to be a couple of other REITs in the space offering OPUs that didn’t used to offer OPUs, I am not sure who started that trend.
John Thomas: I think your raising hard economy slows down our growth as you got people to transition into more economically sensitive REITs, but even that will be good for our business and this would probably temporarily slowdown our growth. So, Jonathan, we focus on good underwriting selecting the best providers to work with, the best facilities to invest in and so we don’t see any headwinds right now. We are just very focused on operations and managing the buildings we own well and improving them and keeping them leased and leased up and continued growth, so…
John Thomas: Yes, I think it’s a great question, Michael. I think we continue to focus – we have always had a goal of getting to 90% of the portfolio being either on the campus or affiliated with the health system. Nothing has really changed about our kind of underwriting views of off campus versus on campus other than what’s the – who is the anchor tenant, great health system or large physician group. And so we are still doing lots of physicians’ direct transactions with physicians and talked about the OPUs and then which I am going to be which continue to be a very attractive request from our physicians that we are buying from. But our cap rates are tiding down because of cost of capital is allowing us to access higher quality newer bigger buildings and again those at the highest prices are ones that are leased by credit rated health systems and in bigger markets. So, the CHI investment in Seattle is a great entrée into that market and we are already getting inbound calls and other opportunities for growth in that market. That’s an expensive market. So, yes, that’s where some of that kind of guidance to the lower ends, yes. We are still seeing lots of great opportunities in the El Paso, Texas world as well. So, I don’t think we will avoid those markets by any means, but when we can get newer, bigger health systems credits we are going to take advantage of it.
John Thomas: Yes, that’s right. And I mentioned the growth with USPI, the USPI kind of relationship those buildings tend to be smaller, so really have to be something special about it first to do something less than $10 million. When I say special, I mean a relationship that where our total portfolio of USPI affiliated buildings is getting pretty sizable, but those tend to be smaller on a unit by unit basis. So, $10 million is getting to be small. But again if it’s related to an existing possible or physician group relationship, we will work on those sized transactions, but people were tending – if they have seen a bigger…
John Thomas: Again, that’s another one that’s related to USPI and the tenant there is Brookwood Hospital which is a tenant hospital in Birmingham, very profitable hospital in a great kind of suburban location. So, the physician who developed that MOB – or excuse me that ASC and operates that of this is one of the kind of world’s leading sports orthopedic surgeons. So, its part of the relationship there and it’s a great tenant, great credit and kind of adds on to an existing relationship.
John Thomas: That’s yet to be decided to see a mouthful amount issue regulations. But as the law is written and based upon historical practice with CMS as they interrupt grandfathering typically that stays that is addressed specific with that provider as applied for and got the reimbursement status. So the role should be different but approximately we don’t anticipate it. Within the CHR portfolio I mentioned we have a couple of 603 assets there that are also see assets there is really two regulatory kind of restrictions they make those buildings very sticky. And those are very volume very profitable facilities for them. So we expect long-term that grandfathering and CON makes those buildings very long-term attractive holds for us.
John Thomas: We appreciate all of the support. Just looking at our stock we purchased, I think we are bouncing around somewhere all-time high as we appreciate the opportunity to do that for you and continued to work with you and our shareholders and your clients. So thank you for joining the call today. And we look forward to any follow-up questions you may have. This concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect your lines at this time.
Jeff Theiler: Yes, we have some other activity this quarter, but it won’t be size as we close on and operationalize and integrate the CHI facilities. Obviously, we want to do that extremely well and extremely impressive to our new physician partners and tenants and the hospital consults. We are very focused on that. But being in John’s lead, myself and others are still busy outsourcing new opportunities. So we feel good about the guidance and the second half of the year and if there will be some other opportunities out there, but you will see folks – we will be talking very close on integrating CHI for the next few months.
Jeff Theiler: Sure. So I would say that the bank loan market on a term loan basis is pretty attractive right now, I would say if you are looking at a 7-year term loan you are probably – spreads of LIBOR just under 200 somewhere around there. So it swapped out, you are probably in the low 3% range if you were to fix the payment. On the private placement side we think we could probably execute a deal in line with what we did before, it not a little bit better and so that was a about 4.5% rate on the 10-year term if you average it all out. And then on the public bond market side that’s a little bit more difficult. We – certainly we would be looking to get an S&P rating before we did that investment grade rating which we feel hopeful that we can get this year. And so that market is a little bit more difficult to read particularly as an inaugural issuer. But I imagine it would be pretty close to the private placement market maybe a little bit more expensive.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. Chad, this is Jeff. I mean it will move a little bit right because we had initially anticipated kind of about a month – a month ago that we are going to be closing – pretty close to it. So I think it’s a bigger tranche upfront. So that’s the way I model is $335 million in mid-May the rest in mid-June and that will probably get you pretty close, these closing days fluctuate a little bit but that will get you pretty close.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. I mean Chad this is Jeff. Just to add on some of the other little tiny pieces which we were a little bit bigger than normal with some garage work on the P3 Dunwoody building. And then there is a tax increase in pooling asset which is grossly so we end up taking that. But other than that it was pretty standard on the operating expense front.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. I think we have scaled pretty well in anticipation of closing CHI which has obviously a lot of total assets. We continue to maintain 1% or loss of assets with our goal for G&A. And I will let Jeff speak to that a little bit further, but the – we can really see a runway of $200 million to $250 million of acquisitions a quarter and feel good about that guidance going forward into next year. So Vikram as long as our cost of capital makes sense with the asset quality that’s available and we will continue to grow and really don’t have any breaks on it. But setting goals for next year will kind of come out of next the next couple of months – next couple of quarters and see where we end of the year and where the cost of capital is and what the market environment has been. We are going to continue to grow and be the leader in this space.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. That’s a great question. So, we have no intentions to sell any of the buildings we bought. On the other hand we don’t have any restrictions there are – some of the – many of the buildings are on rally. So we will work closely with CHI if and when we ever decide to sell anything, but we are not prohibited from doing that. We have complete flexibility there. But there are some brand new buildings and there are some older buildings that some of that CapEx that we need to make is going to go into some of the older buildings. So overtime you would expect out of any large portfolio to transition some of those. So those are – some of the buildings are smaller and could be turned down, replace with better newer facility. So no plans or tension you do anything but you should expect over the next couple of years did you see some mortgage positions as we grow and no plan to do that now.
