James Flaherty: Thanks, John. Happy Valentines Day, everyone, and welcome to HCP's 2011 Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining me this morning are Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen. Let us begin with a review of the fourth quarter results that we released this morning. And for that, I turn the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: Right. Let me take the big picture and then I'll end on the post-acute space, Adam. I would make a couple of comments. One, looking back at 2011, we closed a large volume but if you actually think about our incremental 2011 commitments, so commitments that we initiated in 2011, and think about those in the context of commitments in excess of $100 million, we actually only made one. And that was, of course, our commitment to effectively buy back $850 million of HCP stock at a price of $33.14 and then refinance that out at a higher price. So we've been very -- I think we've looked at everything, obviously, and we require, when we go forward with the transaction, we require that there's a positive spread to our weighted average cost of capital. And that incorporates reasonable underwriting assumptions, not seller-provided assumptions. So I think a lot of it -- we kind of think about the -- the Ted Williams quote that "You've got to wait for the right pitch". So that's a little bit of looking back at 2011. Moving to 2012, I would say that within our 5x5 business model, we have active discussions going on in each of our property sectors at the current time. So I think there's absolutely an increase in chatter and dialogue, and I think that's, without a doubt, the best leading indicator in terms of ultimate transaction volume. So that's how we kind of talk about the macro transaction environment. With respect, Adam, to the post-acute space, I would say that we obviously had a fourth quarter that was the first quarter of the RUGs-IV benefit going away. So for the most part, what we have seen with HCR and then more broadly within that space, we've seen people necessarily focused in the fourth quarter on the various cost-mitigation strategies that they have put in place. At this point, most of the heavy lifting is behind the sector and I think it's actually fair to say that as a result of that, kind of coming out of the year-end numbers, the accounting sign-offs and the reporting out of those numbers, there's been an uptick in dialogue in the space. Now let me also say, I've read a couple of sell-side pieces that have come out in the last week or so, talking about storm clouds parting in the skilled space and maybe things aren't as bad as they thought. I would just say that this is going to remain a challenging space with the political partisan reimbursement kind of backdrop. But we feel obviously, very, very good with the operating partner that is HCR and we work with them very, very closely. And so I'm optimistic that there will be some opportunities that present themselves that are good opportunities from the standpoint of HCR and from the standpoint of HCP. 
James Flaherty: We don't -- that's a disconnect from the way we think. We think about -- when we think about acquisitions, we think about risk-adjusted returns, and again, with reasonable underwriting assumptions, and they've got to create an attractive spread to our weighted average cost of capital. So all other things being equal, which of course they never are, if you're alluding to the fact that our cost of capital is now at an all-time low, were the opportunity sets that's out there to remain totally the same, then sure, that spread would've gapped out. But as you know, the financing markets and the acquisition environment are, to a certain extent, inversely correlated. In other words, the best time to make an acquisition is, in our experience, the time when the financing markets are most challenged. And you flip that around, when the financing markets are most frothy, oftentimes that's when it's tough with seller expectations to make the numbers. So again, that's how I'd answer that question. You should not -- we don't -- we're not going to change our investment discipline because our cost of capital has gone down. We certainly incorporate that lower cost of capital in each of the opportunities that come before Paul's investment committee, but that's how I'd answer that question. 
James Flaherty: Yes. Let me say -- let me take the macro piece and I can let Paul talk a little bit more about the specifics of the development program that we are now -- we've now rolled out and we're blowing and going on. From a senior housing standpoint, you've got some favorable tailwinds. Those obviously include the aging baby boomer and the lack of new supply. It's that point that our development platform is specifically targeted at. That said, it's kind of for a different reason than I just alluded to in terms of some of the perspective that's out there that the worst is behind the skilled operators. You got 2 major headwinds for the senior housing space that are going to be with that space for the foreseeable future. One of which is affordability in light of all that's going on with the seniors' net worth and their incremental family obligations. And the other is CapEx. So we think it's an interesting space. We've obviously done very, very well. If you take a look at our coverage ratios for our senior housing portfolio, they have, very impressively, I think, in light of the last 3 years operating environment, gone up each year. But we do see an attractive opportunity to get some outsized economic performance in terms of unlevered returns. And therefore, outsize the spread over our weighted average cost of capital with this development platform. So with that, let me have Paul maybe elaborate a little bit more on what we're doing there. 
James Flaherty: No, we're concentrating -- the 5 that we've got up and running, we're concentrating those with Brookdale. So again, I think that's another element of this when we take a look at where we want our partnerships. We want to concentrate, as we said before, with partners, whether that's in the acute care hospital space, the post-acute space, senior housing space -- with operators that have quality outcomes, have efficient operations and have critical mass. 
James Flaherty: Oh, I mean, like I said in answer -- in response to Adam's question, we've got, right now, within the context of our 5x5 model, we've got opportunities of size. We're in dialogue with concerning opportunities of size in each of our 5 property sectors. Let me just say first of all, welcome in a primary coverage responsibility to the space. But for those of you who don't know, Jerry Doctrow has announced his retirement effective March 1, and I'd just like to pass on to Jerry, on behalf of HCP, we want to congratulate you and thank you for multiple decades of quality support of the health care real estate industry. And we wish, jerry, you all the best in your future endeavors. 
James Flaherty: Yes, we don't have a number absent what's going on at Redwood City and Mountain View campus. It's all in the life science vertical. I mean perhaps, we should expand our model and add a fixed property type technology and social media so we'd have a 6x5 model instead of a 5x5 model and then perhaps we could get a social media valuation for HCP. But returning to reality, I would say the following: if you go back and look at our initial guidance for 2011 on this call a year ago, Paul, we went out at 2.25% to 3.25%. So we had a midpoint of 2.75%. We obviously ended up at 4%. If you take a look at the guidance for this year, we're at 3% to 4%. So we're up -- that's materially higher than the guidance of a year ago. You point out correctly that only 60% of the portfolio is included in the guidance that gets to 3% to 4%. So I think those are a couple of comments. Let me turn it over to Tim because I think he wants to maybe make a comment about that other 40% that's not in same property that'll eventually this year. We waved -- on the first anniversary of our acquisitions, that's when we place our properties in the Same Property Performance. We're pretty disciplined on that. We don't deviate from that pattern. So let me have Tim pick up on a couple of comments, related to both that dynamic and also the life science technology space. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think Paul took you through the fourth quarter results which is the first quarter, Jeff, of the non RUGs-IV. I mean I would add to that. If you want some color commentary, I would say that HCR feels they've made the transition to a new cost structure well. In part, that involved cost reductions. But perhaps more importantly, the real focus was on maintaining and increasing the capability to care for complex patients. HCR has the largest share of that market and I suspect you will see them build share here in the next 12 to 24 months. So that -- the pieces that are in place there. I think, again, if you think back to the fact that HCR has been proven over many cycles to be the low-cost provider for a wide variety of post-acute care patients requiring short-term rehabilitation, that augers well for that platform, and by extension, our real estate portfolio and by extension, our investment and outcome. 
James Flaherty: The most important point is we've got some, finally got some top-notch leadership in our life science space but other than that, I'll turn it over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: Ross, at 30,000 feet from the life science standpoint, if you were to go back and take a look at our Same Property Performance guidance for the life science sector a year ago on this call, we projected mark-to-market declines. If my recollection is correct, somewhere in the 15% to 20% down. Where we ended up for the year was in fact up 30%. So that's another way of looking at the swing there, just during 2011, Ross. 
James Flaherty: And it's possible, Ross, you'll see some people displaced out of the southern part of our corridor given the demand from the technology and social media tenants and have those people migrate up to our Redowood City campus. So it's got a kind of a collateral benefit for us. 
James Flaherty: I've never done that, Quentin. I've talked about the macro health to real estate sector in its entirety but I've never talked about or quantified our pipeline or given any acquisition-specific targets. 
James Flaherty: I may have given a relative comparison but never a specific dollar amount, nor do I intend to do that this morning. 
James Flaherty: We've actually -- again, you've got to put this in the context of our 5x5 model. So within a sector, we can play a sector multiple ways, but we've got interesting opportunities in each of our 5 property sectors as I mentioned in response to Adam's question. 
James Flaherty: I think that's a smart observation. I'll say that. I'll also say that we have absolutely 0 in the way of dispositions included in our 2012 guidance. But we're economic animals, so we'll see. 
James Flaherty: Again, I think is a very smart observation. We have no dispositions included in our 2012 guidance and we look at things both on the acquisition side and the dispositions side based on a weighted average cost of capital and what we can do to create incremental shareholder value. So I think we got a track record of that and then if something comes out of that, we will certainly keep you guys posted. 
James Flaherty: Look, I mean, I think I kind of feel the same way that I did back in October, November when I think I got about 10 questions a day as to what was going to happen with the super committee. So we're not in the business of handicapping what's going to come out of Washington given the partisan politics that are being played there. But I will say, again, as I made the comment a couple of minutes ago, when I read a lot of sell-side pieces in the last week or 2 that are unusually positive about maybe an easing government reimbursement environment or I think one was entitled Storm Clouds Parting. I would say that this is continue to be a challenging space, I'd say that. But I think you've got to look at not just the potential challenges but there's the potential for some opportunities to come out of that, particularly for HCR. And I think the one opportunity would be if CMS moves to a site-neutral reimbursement sort of protocol for patients that had a surgical procedure in an acute care hospital and make that discharge, whether it's to a rehabilitation property or an LTACH or a post-acute property. If they make that site-neutral in terms of the reimbursement, which is not the case today, that obviously, given HCR's low-cost model, that would actually be quite an interesting development. So again, we don't speculate as to what's going to happen. We're taking it all in and we will respond accordingly through our operating partners, which in this case, in the post-acute space, is HCR. 
James Flaherty: Yes, I don't think we've been hesitant to use the structure. I think we've been unwilling to move forward unless we have an appropriate risk-adjusted return, which in our view, requires a premium to a triple net execution and not a discounted return to a triple net execution. That's our only hesitancy. Yes, we found, with all the transactions we looked at, we found one of those that cleared that hurdle internally and that was our RIDEA 1 and it's early days. You've only got 4 months of actual operating results in there so far and ourselves and Brookdale are working through that and we're pleased with the results so far. But it's early days. We're repositioning some of the assets, we're putting some CapEx in to change a little bit of the profiles for some of those assets. So we feel very good about that. 
James Flaherty: Well, Paul took you through the -- we report our results one quarter in arrears. So Paul took you through a fair amount of detail which is also included in the supplemental for the 12-month period ended 9/30, September 30, and then he also gave you the -- both the fourth quarter coverage ratio as well as what that would have meant to the entire calendar year. So I think we've given you everything that we are in a position to provide. 
James Flaherty: Sure. But I wouldn't limit your thought process there to Google, LinkedIn. I'd add Facebook to that and any one of a number of other social media companies right now. It's a very hot space. 
James Flaherty: Yes, specialty hospitals, LTACHs, to be honest, acute-care hospitals. But kind of for a different reason. We're not concerned that acute-care hospitals are going to vanish in the next round of reimbursement changes but we do believe that space is very, very operational-intense and likely to become more operational-intense, whether it's their cost structures, with labor and union activity, and then the constant demand for more technology and then you've got the reimbursement environment, you've got the managed care providers who've become quite substantial in size. So in hind --again, I preface everything by, when people ask us about what sectors we're looking at, within the context of our 5x5 model, I think we're more likely to do something incremental on the hospital space if that was more of a debt sort of product as opposed to equity ownership. We love what we've got in acute-care hospitals but I don't think you should expect to see us add materially to that from the standpoint of an equity ownership. So that's how I'd kind of answer some of those thoughts, Rob. 
James Flaherty: That's the great hope, right? That the tax-exempt markets continue to be challenged and the operating challenge is in that space, that's the great hope. I think you've got a barbell effect going on there, not dissimilar to some of the other sectors, which quite frankly, you could include healthcare REITs as well. The strong are getting stronger and the folks that aren't so strong are likely to go away. I thought I saw yesterday where HCA sold some new debt at a coupon that started with a 5. So they are certainly -- have very access to very, very attractive cost of capital. So I think to date, you've seen 1 or 2 instances of the health care system monetizing some of its MOBs with an eye towards reinvesting those proceeds in their physical plant. I would say for the most part, that's been more of a defensive move by those hospital systems as opposed to an offensive, kind of a strategic call to say hey, we're getting out of the bricks and mortar of MOBs. But we'll see what happens here over the next year or 2. 
James Flaherty: At this point, I think it is not a trend. All the elements in terms of -- that it should become a trend are certainly -- have been in place and remain in place today. But you haven't seen much in the way of actual transaction volume to support the thought process. 
James Flaherty: Oh gosh, no. No, I think if you think about life science, you want to be in the 4, maybe 5 geographic markets that are the largest beneficiaries of the NIH grants from the government. So in ranked order those are #1, the Bay Area; #2, Boston, Cambridge; and probably #3, it might be tied for the Maryland, Baltimore corridor and San Diego; and then probably, 5 would be Seattle. So I think to the extent you see us do life science, it'll likely be in those markets. So that's how I'd answer the geographic part of your question, Todd. With respect to what this portfolio looks like, I would say in addition to -- this is the safe -- of our 5 property sectors, this is the property sector that has the preponderance of land for future development. So -- and we've got some of that in Northern California, in the Bay Area at the Cove, which is in South San Francisco and our Sierra Point parcel, which is in Brisbane, which is right between South San Francisco and downtown San Francisco. And then you got some down in the San Diego area, most notably in Carlsbad and Poway. So my guess is you'll see some activity on those parcels which could look like build-to-suit with pre-leasing commitments or could take other forms of monetization as well. 
James Flaherty: It really hasn't changed in the life science. I mean that ranking that I just gave you, 1 through 5, the Bay Area; Boston; Cambridge; Baltimore, Maryland; San Diego; Seattle, that would have been -- those would've been the same 5 markets 5 years ago. They might have been ranked a little differently. I think San Diego 5 years ago might have been second, and Boston, Cambridge third. But that really hasn't changed an awful lot. I don't know, Tim, if you want to add something. 
James Flaherty: We've got again, I think I probably have the same answer, Tayo, that I gave to the request to have any comment on what might be coming out of either health care reform or the President's budget which was announced last night. I mean, we take that all in, we look at it but it remains to be seen whether any of that is actually going to end up being reality. 
James Flaherty: Sure. I mean we would look at that upon stabilization, and we'd make the same -- same way we look at all these opportunities, triple net versus RIDEA. If there's a sufficient premium for a RIDEA structure, we would certainly give that serious consideration. 
James Flaherty: Thanks, Zenita. Thank you, everyone. Happy Valentine's Day, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Take care. 
Paul Gallagher: Yes, I think one of the pieces of your question, was it going to replace our acquisition? It's to supplement acquisitions of our senior housing projects. And just a little bit of color as far as kind of what it is that we're looking at, these deals range in size from 75 to 100 units, primarily assisted and Alzheimer's. We have one project that's a little bit larger that has a larger I/O component. Property locations in Germantown, Tennessee; Olney, Maryland; Horsham, Pennsylvania; Houston, Texas; Roseland, New Jersey. What we structured is we structured a loan for up to 85% of costs with the borrower putting in the first 15% in cash. Our loans per unit is less than $200,000, and the interest -- we receive interest payments, we participate in the value creation and we expect kind of low, mid-teens types of returns on these. 
Paul Gallagher: Those 2 particular assets were turnaround assets that we've moved to a new operator several years ago. Gave them a way-out-of-the-money purchase option that they ultimately executed. The other asset was a $1.5 million asset that's part of the Horizon Bay transition that we decided to sell jointly. 
Paul Gallagher: And Rich, that rent dynamic has moved up substantially over the past 12 to 18 months from an office standpoint versus the lab space. 
Paul Gallagher: Well, if you look back 18 months ago, pure office space in that particular market was maybe lower than where life science rents were. 
Paul Gallagher: Tayo, it shouldn't impact any of our existing buildings. It's going to be a real factor on the acquisition of new buildings if for whatever reasons, your valuations have to go up and it's going to impact valuation. So at that point in time, we'll have to just assess it. 
Paul Gallagher: Remember, we're debt in this. There's a borrower here so Brookdale is managing. And to the extent we exercise purchase options upon completion, then we would look at what type of structure we might have at that point in time but right now, we're just purely a debt investor. 
Paul Gallagher: It's about an 18-month construction process. We have the ability to purchase upon stabilization, for the outset after the fourth anniversary of the start of the project. And we also have a first right of refusal if they look to sell the properties. So we kind of cover ourselves on both sides. 
Timothy Schoen: Paul, to answer your question for what's not included in our same-store, you got the HCR ManorCare portfolio that is projected to grow at 3.5%. So that's within our range. And then the RIDEA assets which would be at the midpoint of that range or at the higher end of the range, and that would kind of get you the whole pie. With regards to our life science portfolio, the growth is really a combination of contractual rent steps and then the increased rents that we've seen down in our Mountain View and Redwood City area. So if you take those 2 combined, they're about equally weighted, that will get you to the 5%. 
Timothy Schoen: Ross, is really 2 things that make up life science. As I just said, it's the contractual rent steps associated with those leases. That's about half of it and other half is the increased rents related to the southern part of the Peninsula and San Francisco really, our Mountain View campus with the leases we've executed with LinkedIn and Google. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, on the -- looking at page, the top of Page 9, Ross, the Mountain View asset is 100% pre-leased to LinkedIn. The Modular Labs asset is about 28%. The Soledad asset is 100%. The 1030 Mass. Ave. is 10%. The Durham research lab is 100%. The Knoxville asset is about 22%. And then the remaining MOB assets, there's about 4 there, those don't have any pre-leasing and then the Fresno that's on the bottom is 100% pre-leased. So a fair amount of pre-leasing on those assets. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. There's -- we continue to talk to tenants there. We've actually had a pickup on occupancy on that campus. We had a medical device tenant move in to one of the 3 buildings here in the last couple of quarters and continue to talk to people about the 500/600 Saginaw building both on the medical device side and the life science side. 
Timothy Schoen: And just as a follow-up, Ross, the pre-leasing percentages on the pipeline as a whole is about 1/3. 
Timothy Schoen: I said that the -- of the assets actually not that, it wasn't specific to RIDEA, the assets that are not in our same-store portfolio are within the range of our 3% to 4%. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. Rich, it was just a -- we just evaluated the rent relative to the TI investment, and given where office rents have gone, they're a much higher return for us. Those buildings can support both life science or technology. So we just evaluate those -- that demand as it comes in and the superior financial outlook for us was to continue to expand LinkedIn and Google on those campuses. Now we do have a couple of remaining life science tenants on those campuses, so as I say, we'll continue to evaluate the rent relative to the incremental TI investment and choose the best financial outcome. 
Timothy Schoen: That other FAD adjustment line, that's the recharacterization of part of the DFL, Rich, from our DFL line item down to JV and other income. Because of a -- because we have a minority ownership interest in HCR ManorCare OpCo. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, that was our ownership in Brookdale stock. The accounting regs there require you to take that quarter end price, which was $17.40, Rob, which is obviously, the stock is higher today but that's what that's all about. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Todd, I would guide you towards the investment that continues to happen in that space. There continues to be, over the last 3 years, a record  amount of investment into the life science space in the $65 billion range, primarily partnering with larger pharma -- with some of our life science tenants. So the investment continues to be very robust in that sector. 
Timothy Schoen: Well, you currently have the income associated with the loans as opposed to the drag from development. 
Michael Bilerman: Jay, if I remember, I think you did when you gave raised equity. I think it was like 2 Januaries ago when you talked about the pipeline being bigger than to the time prior to CNL and this was prior to doing HCR ManorCare so that would have implied a pipeline greater than $6 billion at that point. 
Michael Bilerman: I mean, it's a higher cost of capital to sell an asset relative to what's being implied by your equity or your debt and so I understand that, that... 
Michael Bilerman: I mean, do you want to aggressively put things in the market in this environment or -- I recognize nothing's in guidance but... 
