Mark Theine: Thanks, Jeff. We're pleased to report another successful quarter of operating performance as we continue to manage our properties efficiently and profitably. As we celebrate the five-year anniversary of Physicians Realty Trust this quarter, we are proud to report a robust same-store growth performance and our best-ever tenant satisfaction survey results. DOC's relationship-centric approach to asset management continues to enhance the value of our portfolio, resulting in higher revenue for the quarter and strong internal growth. As Jeff mentioned, our portfolio is an industry-leading 96.6% leased and delivered strong 3.3% same-store NOI growth. The Company’s substantial same-store growth is propelled by a 3% increase in rental revenues, resulting from contractual rent increases and a 30 basis point improvement in the same-store occupancy from 95.6% to 95.9%. The 207-property same-store portfolio operated efficiently as well, was just a 2.3% increase in operating expenses year-over-year. Our asset management team's keen focus on the operational excellence and the outstanding customer service is supported by the results of our 2018 Kingsley Associates Tenant Satisfaction survey. This year, we surveyed nearly 250 tenants, representing five million square feet or about 40% of the portfolio. Physicians Realty Trust received an industry-leading 77% response rate. Typical response rates for these surveys are between 45% and 55%, so 77% demonstrates the exceptional relationship between our asset management team and our health care partners. We also earned a company record score in overall satisfaction of 4.4 out of a possible 5.0, and an overwhelming 97% of tenants surveyed gave positive indicators as to their future lease renewal intentions. Our asset and property management teams should also be particularly proud of the year-over-year scoring improvement in our Catholic Health Initiatives portfolio acquired in 2016. These properties were surveyed immediately following the 2016 acquisition and were resurveyed for the first time this year. The overall management satisfaction scores improved by over 10%, illustrating the value of DOC ownership and property management. During the quarter, we saw a strong leasing momentum, and our team continues to excel at producing outstanding results by using our responsive nimble approval process as a competitive advantage. In the quarter, we completed over 290,000 square feet of leasing activity, including 58,000 of new leases and 233,000 square feet of lease renewals. These numbers include several early lease renewals initially scheduled for 2019. The average lease term for new deals executed in the quarter was 9.1 years, and the average lease term for lease renewals signed in the quarter was 8.8 years. Notably, net absorption for the quarter was essentially flat, with tenant retention being approximately 80%. New leases for the quarter contained an average rent escalator of 2.7%, while renewed leases contained an average annual rent escalator of 2.9%. The strength of our portfolio and excellent work of Amy Hall and our leasing team has allowed us to achieve 3% annual rent increases and nearly 40% of all of the 2018 leasing activity on a square footage basis. Rent concessions for the quarter remained low, with minimal free rents and TI allowances of approximately $1.68 per square foot, per year for lease renewals. And $1.98 per square foot per year for new leases. In total, we invested $6.2 million in capital expenditure or approximately 8% of the portfolio's cash NOI. And as a result of a few large tenant improvements that were completed in the quarter in conjunction with long-term lease extensions. When compared to our peers, these relative low capital expenditure investments are driven by our tenant relationships and the desirability of our medical office facilities, ultimately delivering significant cash flow directly to FAD. Looking ahead to the remainder of 2018, DOC has 42 leases totaling 148,000 square feet scheduled to renew representing approximately 1.1% of the portfolio. The average rent per square foot for those leases scheduled to renew is $20.83, in line with national averages for medical office building rental rates. In close, we've worked hard over the last five years to invest in better as the preferred health care real estate owner for hospitals and health care providers, creating lasting value for our partners and shareholders. Our operation team continues to outperform, and the fundamentals of our portfolio remains solid. We are investing the time wisely to deepen our health care partner relationships, enhance operational efficiencies, increase management revenue, proven non-core assets and ultimately focus on driving internal growth. With that, I'll now turn the call to John.
Mark Theine: Yes, the average escalator – I’m sorry, John, this is my Mark Theine. The average escalator built into our portfolio today is 2.3% on average. And in the quarter, our leasing spreads were negative 5% as a result of 142,000 square foot lease that reset back to market out of our 230,000 square feet of lease renewals. And without that one lease, the leasing spreads were positive 1.6%. But the large nature of that one lease recent to market pulled us down in the quarter.
Mark Theine: Yes. Mike, that’s exactly right. I mean, these are the assets when we went through our portfolio and tried to look for assets that were non-core kind of reposition, these were the ones that we came up with. So that drove the cap rate higher. We’d expect, if we did that exercise again and did another portfolio like this, we’d expect better pricing on any kind of second portfolio that we do.
Mark Theine: LifeCare is trending very much in the right direction. They’ve made several investments in the home health business and others that really strengthening their overall balance sheet. They’re going through refinancing of their credit facilities right now. Their EBITDA is picking up. So LifeCare as an organization is performing well. It’s still very tight coverages at the asset level. Again, we’ve got three assets and a master lease, and then we have the LifeCare balance sheet behind the entire lease. So we've got to good credit there. The coverages are much higher than we would like, but with extremely high coverage in Plano and kind of average coverage in Fort Worth, and we have had some recent positive developments with LifeCare has been making in Pittsburgh. So again, just not a core asset for us, we would sell them at the right price, but also don't feel pressured to sell them.
Mark Theine: So Tayo, this is Mark. So in the quarter, we did 233,000 square foot of lease renewals. And where we have the chance lease renewals, we're pushing for 3% today. Our portfolio average is a little bit lower. I mean, some of the acquisitions that we've done have averaged between 2% and 3%. And so on a weighted average, the overall portfolio is at 2.3%, but we're working to move that up when we have the ability and chance to reset rents through lease renewal.
Mark Theine: I think closer to 2.5%. The portfolio average is much more meaningful and weighted more than a little bit lease renewals that we're doing each quarter. In the back half of the year, like I said, about 1% of the portfolio we’ll be renewing throughout the remainder of 2018.
John Thomas: Yeah, thanks Jordan. There is a fairly large portfolio that's expected to hit the market soon. It'd be fairly widely marketed. We have plenty of market opportunities that we're exploring, but in this capital market, we're being very selective. And we have one acquisition pending with an existing client, but the opportunities are there. But as I said in my comments, the private bid is really strong for the high-quality assets and hard to compete with.
John Thomas: Yes. As I said, we don't have to grow for growth's sake. We're just being very selective in this capital market. Balance sheet's in great shape, so right opportunities will deploy capital, if we can find assets at the right price. But the private bid is still strong. It's reflected in Houston. And again, we'll be very selective.
John Thomas: Yes, there’s – I mean, there are plenty of parties interested in doing something like that. I think our friends at California announced something like that today. I think there's a lot of interest in private capital pairing up with public, high-quality operators with relationships like we have. So I think that's something that is possible later this year. But again, still the underlying assets got to fit our long-term strategy.
John Thomas: Yes, so Vikram. This is John. Yes, I mean, a part of our analysis is long-term credit quality. These were noncore, smaller assets that, again, we bought at favorable cap rates at the beginning of the company and just had the opportunity to kind of trim the portfolio and look for better uses of that capital going forward.
John Thomas: Yes, I apologize. They were not included. We're still exploring different options with those assets, primarily with the physicians that operate out of those hospitals. They continue to do well, both in San Antonio and El Paso. And we think we'll have more news to share there, but they are still held-for-sale and not included in the dispositions yet.
John Thomas: The answer is yes, John, because again, most of that is being led by health systems, trying to plant new flags in strong demographic locations and providing more outpatients, more complicated services in those buildings. So the vast majority of our physicians are specialists and providing specialized services in those buildings and not primary care, which is going to see a lot of competition from them, the CVS – Aetna/CVS merger Optum, which employs, I think more primary care physicians than anybody in the country now. So we see – we continue to see great opportunities and again primarily with our developer friends out working with the health system so Mark Davis in Minneapolis and Minnesota and other location and Jim Bremner, both have nice development pipelines with health systems. And many of those projects are off-campus or near campus.
John Thomas: A lot of people exploring that and interested in it because of the – at least, the perceived decline in some of the mall space and retail space and kind of empty boxes that evolved over the last couple of years. But don’t see as a huge opportunity we see this as a selective opportunity from time to time.
John Thomas: John, I’d say all of the above, I mean but we’re not – we have not executed any joint venture we would talk about it if we had. I think there are opportunity to do so is there, and we think it conversations with high-quality capital partners who are looking for a high-quality operator like us to pair up with. So at least one large portfolio coming to market. I would suspect there’s going to be a lots of private capital pursuing that. And we know it well, they’ve relationships with health systems involved. And we’ll evaluate it. But the underlying investments got to make sense to us for both the short and long-term and that will be the driver, not just doing a joint venture for joint venture’s sake.
John Thomas: Yes. Mike, this is John. I think what Jeff was saying as we had the opportunity to recycle some capital into our existing health system relationships was the point he was making there. So we’ve talked about kind of 5% in the portfolio in any given year. Again, just kind of looking for assets that are no longer kind of be in our long-term expectations or not core or in markets that we pare back in. So again, we could sell more this year. There’s a good bid. We got some assets that would be attractive to potential buyers. But I think it’s – that really depends upon if we find the right opportunity to redeploy that capital. Again, as Jeff said, with existing relationships primarily.
John Thomas: Above-average bump. And over time, it gets us back to the market rent there. So it would eventually get back to the overhead, but it’ll take a few years. And there are several options for extension in the lease that reset it at market at the time. So again, short-term, it’s significantly less than our original lease, but we’ll get back to market soon enough.
John Thomas: No back rent. We do have the potential for some of the rent that was part of the unsecured creditor pool, which we are a part of. And we also as part of the transaction received the land originally that was on a ground lease. So as part of our renegotiation of the lease with Regional Care took or will take control and ownership of the land for fee interest. So we’re positive about that. That was an exchange, again, for the short-term rent concessions that they build over time. We think it's imminent. And so as soon as they close there, the rent commences and they owe us the rent.
John Thomas: They’ve got regulatory approval. They've announced it. It's just a matter – I mean, kind of all the paperwork is done. So it literally – it could be 3:00 or 4:00, but it's imminent. It could be tomorrow. We can't predict exactly, but it's imminent.
John Thomas: Their guidance was 230 to 300, I think, that probably big guidance. But again, it's really dependent upon again both pricing, but also use of proceeds. So we're in pretty good shape right now from that perspective.
John Thomas: That's right. I think there were no surprises there. I mean, the slight positive surprise on the ASC adjustment, which is again the industry has been asking for years and trying to move toward more parity, which makes sense for the Medicare program and the commercial insurance to continue to encourage outpatient – this is an outpatient surgery in particular. So, I’d say slight positive surprise overall. and then no real surprise on the HOPD rule
John Thomas: Yes. We really know, because again, when they’re going off-campus, particularly looking, they’re going off-campus looking for commercially insured patients.
John Thomas: And though, and again, they still try to get those services out there and the commercial insurance will attract Medicare, it’s still a much of our reimbursement generally. So, we don’t see a big change there.
John Thomas: Yes. I mean I think on and off-campus is that continues to compress to similar credit, similar real estate. Again, as we said 73% new constructions is off-campus. And so those are going to be valuable, investment opportunities for us going forward. Kings Ford is a secondary market, I think this is reflected in a very attractive cap rate there, but a credit and a building that and that’s where we tried to hit our price. So, that is very attractive to us, on a risk adjusted basis, we think it’s outstanding.
John Thomas: Yes. You can be the huge multi-special physician group. We already have a place with M&A in one of our legacy buildings. One of the first buildings that when you own this part of a public company and they have a great relationship with that group, and that helps systems get a – it’s next to the hospitals got a very unique two-state kind of structure and that’s involved and special legislation was created to keep it there or to create that organization. So, we think there’s a very positive group and overtime, we’ll look for other opportunities work with them.
John Thomas: Sure. It’s a fair question; we expect they’re buying what they’ve entered into a lot of intent to buy the health system. We did 10-year leases with that local hospital system when we bought those assets and we expect those to carry over and their mission critical buildings on the campus of those hospitals. So, say, Blue Mountain and CHI, KentuckyOne performs very well and like it and they’re not – they’re not selling that part of KentuckyOne. So, we’ll provide more transparency there when Blue Mountain kind of completes that purchase. But we expect they need the volumes, they have aspiring changes. We don’t expect they need any and we continue to go forward with them.
John Thomas: Yes. We focus very much on the specialist, and I think less than 5% of physicians are primary care physicians generally. Orthopedic surgeons are double digits our largest single specialty those are usually paired up with ambulatory surgery center imaging kind of full service outpatient care facility. So very important to us. We spend a lot of time thinking about it. And in looking at kind of the future of healthcare, we think those continue to bode very well.
John Thomas: Eric, we have – our strategy has always been to partner with kind of regional developers our national developers have that they’ve held system relationships. So I mentioned this before. Mark Davis and Jim Bremner and then others that we partnered with got a pretty good pipeline. All health system anchored buildings that some, which we’ve supported with some capital, but with no developer risk. So CHI is exploring opportunities in some of their markets. And so those health system relationships really bode well. These would be 2019, 2020 delivery. So nothing imminent, and just continue to support those relationships take us.
John Thomas: I think we’ll evaluate that and certainly plenty of opportunities to do that. And still have some other assets that again over the course of the couple years we’d like to prune just as a normal course. 97% occupancy about 14 million square feet very little leasehold. We expect cash flow to continue to grow, Jonathan. So again, at this point, we don’t have to go out there and deploy capital in the short term. And as we look at some of these development projects coming online in 2019 and 2020, we’ll continue to grow that way. But by no means do we think we need to make any major moves right now and be patient. We’ll work through this capital market cycle.
John Thomas: The direct negotiated yields what health systems tend to be a little stronger in those that where there’s you know kind of a widespread RFP process get pretty tight, is kind of acquisition rates on those and 150 basis points from the other.
John Thomas: Yes, between, mainly between just general inflationary pressures, construction costs, we’re – we just think it as a time and an opportunity to be more aggressive, both on rate and on annual increases. As Mark mentioned, 40% of the new leases this year have 3% increases. And I think we’ll continue to see our kind of 2.5% average kind of continue to lead that.
John Thomas: As I said at the beginning we’re very excited about that the last five years I’m very optimistic about the future of the organization and continue to invest in our outpatient care facility. Thanks everybody for joining the call.
Jeff Theiler: They're modest for the first couple of years, Jordan, and then they move aggressively as we get that lease back to market rates out there. So it was part of essentially a blend-and-extend to help that up, we'll get back on speed and excited about RegionalCare and again their bigger operation that they expect to have a LifePoint. University of Washington is also in there. So it's on the road to recovery. It will take a couple of years to fully recover on the reps.
Jeff Theiler: I think that’s right, Vikram. I think we feel pretty good at where we are from a leverage perspective, particularly after these sales. But we would expect to be recycling these proceeds into additional acquisitions through the rest of the year. I can't imagine we'd really lever up that much, maybe temporarily if we saw something and it was a mismatch of timing. But like I said, I think we've kind of reached the maximum velocity of dispositions for this year for sure. As John mentioned, there might be something, somewhere down the road on the assets that we had held for – slated for disposition. But we wouldn't expect to be selling a bunch more of assets this year. And anything we do sell, we'd likely recycle into new health system-anchored assets just to help continue our relationships with those tenants.
Jeff Theiler: Yes. So the rule – two or three different things, one is the really some enhancements to the ambulatory surgery center rates for non-HOPD facility, that’s something the ASC industry has been fighting for years. So that's positive, those – for particularly physician joint venture to ASCs like many of ours are with ESPR and FCA and others so a very positive move in that direction. On the outpatient rates for HOPD off-campus, so the 603 assets, really no change – unanticipated change there with respect to the grandfathering. I think they do make it probably clear about the scope of that grandfathering, which it covers the services that are being provided at the time that the grandfathering went into effect, which is November 2015. So again, no surprise that clarification. But consistent with that policy inside of service neutrality, they do continue to pay back future locations. And the difference between the physician rate and the HOPD rate for those off-campus facilities. But as I noted in my opening comments, the vast majority of new hospital-led outpatient care facilities are being developed off-campus. And so those services and those rates are being taken into account as part of their analysis of where they want to place those locations. And we continue to see a positive trend. But our 603 assets, we continue to be very positive about.
