Mark Theine: Thanks Jeff. In 2017 was the landmark year for DOC with $1.4 billion in total investments, demonstrating the power of our hospital relationships though the acquisition of some of the highest quality medical office facilities in the country. During the year we seamlessly integrated over 3.3 million square feet and 260 new tenants to our ownership.  In total, we acquired 40 facilities this year which were 98% leased with an average lease term remaining of 9.8 years upon closing. Approximately 70% of these acquisitions are multi tenant facilities, now under DOC management, including several of the largest and most complex facilities that we’ve acquired to-date. These properties require the skillful coordination, constant communication and diligent care that our team has become known for, also known as the DOC difference.  In fact the average size facility acquired this year was nearly 55% larger than those acquired in 2016, averaging nearly 83,000 square feet. Similarly, the average age of the acquisitions improved in 2017 by nearly half. From 20 years in 2016 to 11 years in 2017.  Lastly and perhaps most importantly, the credit strength of our tenant base also improved with the 2017 acquisitions, as 49% of our occupancy is from investment grade quality tenants compared with 44% a year ago. Altogether we believe that our 2017 investments will provide outstanding returns for years to come and demonstrates the standard of exceptional quality to expect from acquisitions in the future.  Total same store NOI for the trailing 12 months ending December 31, 2017 increased by 3%, led by 3.7% growth from multi tenant facilities and 2.2% for single tenant facilities. The same store increase was driven by a 3.3% increase in rental revenue attributable to the increase in same store occupancy to 95.6% from 95.3% in the comparable periods. Same store revenue was also fueled by contractual annual rent escalators that average 2.3% across the portfolio, which is predictable, stable and not influenced by operating results or flu seasons. Looking ahead we expect that our same store cash NOI growth will be between 2.5% and 3% over the next 12 months, unadjusted for any perspective distributions.  Turning to leasing activity, our leasing team has created significant shareholder value by completing over 1 million square feet of leasing activity in 2017. We continued to see strong leasing momentum and our team has produced outstanding results through our responsiveness and streamlined approval process.  Overall in 2017 we completed 840,000 square feet of lease renewals with an average lease term of nine years and a 78% retention rate. Additionally, we completed 224,000 square feet of new leases with an average lease term of 9.2 years. For the fourth quarter specifically we completed 464,000 square feet of lease renewals with an 89% retention rate. Our leasing expense for the quarter were a negative 2.2% as a result of an early blend and extended master lease, but its excluded the leasing spreads for the quarter were a strong 6.15%.  We are proud to report that rent concessions in the quarter are among the lowest in the industry with no free rent and very little TI required to renew our existing healthcare provider partners. In the fourth quarter TI for lease renewals was $0.54 per square foot per year on a weighted average basis. In fact, approximately 75% of the lease renewals completed in the quarter did not require any TI to renew the lease and the remaining 25% averaged $2.10 per square foot per year.  Tenant improvements for the new leases were approximately $4.75 per square foot per year during the quarter. In total we invested $15.3 million in tenant improvement and leasing commissions in 2017, or just 6.2% to the portfolios NIO. The low investment in capital expenditures relative to our peers is driven primary by our low lease expiration schedule.  Our portfolio known for its high occupancy and low turnover will continue to deliver significant cash flow directly to FAD as it requires little tenant improvement and leasing commissions due to our staggered lease exploration schedule. In 2018 we have just 2.9% of the portfolio scheduled to renew and have no more than 8% of the portfolio schedule to renew in any one year through 2025. Our lease exploration schedule is deliberately laddered to staying at lease exploration dates, ultimately driving a predictable, growing cash flow for our investors for years to come.  As we begin 2018, we have built a high quality portfolio that is operating well. With an exceptional asset management and leasing team that has and will continue to deliver bottom line results. Our commitment to relationships and service excellence for our healthcare partners is the trademark of the DOC difference and what we believe ultimately drives tenant retention, cost efficiencies and a profitable consistent growth for our shareholders.  With that, I’ll now turn the call back to John.
Mark Theine: Yes, sure Jonathan, good morning. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect that our same store looking forward will be in the 2.5% to 3% range. One of the benefits that we are starting to see as a five year old company is the same store portfolio is increasing in size. 66% of our portfolio is currently in the same store and then have some imbedded growth rate in the contractual rent increase of 2.3%. The same store portfolio is very well leased at 95% or 96%. So we see maybe just a little bit of upside in that, but the majority of same store going forward will be based upon the contractual rent bumps built into the leases.
Mark Theine: Absolutely! As we gain concentration in certain markets, we’ll continue to benefit from some economies of scale. Our portfolio is 91% triple net lease or absolute triple net lease. So a lot of that savings will go back to tenants, but we will certainly experience some of that ourselves as well. 
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, good morning; thanks for the time. Jeff, you talked about acquisitions and I think I heard $180 million are under contracts, but are not giving formal guidance beyond that. But it sounds like it’s fair to assume some details will happen. So how do plan to fund those details given the leverage you know will be kind of near the high end of your previously stated target range and its share still traded at double digit discount to NAV. 
Jonathan Hughes: And then just one more, and then I’ll jump off. So with lower external growth prospects focus well kind of shipped internally for growth, and Mark you touched on this earlier, but could you just talk about expectations for specific same store growth opportunities and how that should trend throughout the year within that kind 2.5% to 3% range. 
Jonathan Hughes: Are there any expense savings opportunities in there with the larger company gaining scale on certain markets, you know you can leverage contracts across that portfolio. 
Jonathan Hughes: Hey, thanks for the follow-up. Just one but on G&A, I think I heard that was expected to be $27 million to $29 million this year; that’s up about 15% from the 4Q run rate. Just what’s driving that increase? Sorry if I missed that in the prepared remarks.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yeah, it’s a great question Jonathan. So if you look at what we completed in the first quarter plus what we announced as future additional acquisitions that are under some form of LOI at this point, that would bring us right up to kind of close to 40%, which is probably near the top of our target leverage range.  We are planning on – we have assets later for disposition and some other assets that we are thinking about disposing, which I think could fund the majority of those acquisitions in a leverage neutral manner and then as far as future acquisitions over that, you know I think we tried to be clear in the prepared remarks that we are really going to evaluate that, such that it only makes sense at our current cost of equity capital. So we think it will be fewer overall acquisitions or lower overall volume, but to the extent that we do additional acquisitions, they will be value enhancing at our current cost of equity and debt.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, hey Jordan. So for the $180 million, it’s hard to exactly because we are still finalizing the negotiations, but at the point we’d expect the high five cap rate on those acquisitions. And then as we look forward its – I mean look, we are just going to really be patient and see where we are in a cost of capital standpoint, see where the market is shaping out and that’s really going to dictate the volume for the rest of the year. 
Jeffrey Theiler: Yeah, that’s fair. I mean there’s other assets. You know the VL Tax for example that we could put in there which we are not really exclusively modeling, but that general range in correct. And the MOVs, I mean you didn’t ask the question, but you probably will. They’ll probably sell in the range of the mid six cap rates. 
Jeff Theiler: I mean all the recent parameters have been in line with last year. Still a lot of capital flowing into this space primarily by private investors. There is a deal in the market now we’re not anticipating into the year, but at the same mid to low five cap rate is the discussion. 
Jeff Theiler: Yes sir, that same store number does exclude Kennewick. If Kennewick was included, it would have been about a positive 63 basis points. 
Jeff Theiler: To be clear John, not to correct you, its $965,000, and yeah, it was tied to one small asset that we sold, but we just sold it out at a loss.
Jeff Theiler: Vikram, just to add on. I mean the bad thing about MOB pricing being so high right now is it’s hard to buy things, but the good thing is that its earlier to dispose of assets. So we are really trying to take advantage of the market where we can.
Jeff Theiler: No, that’s alright Jonathan, this is Jeff. You know we are implementing that ASU 2017-01 which is a different way of accounting for business combination. So some the expense that we previously had under acquisition expense gets shifted over to G&A and that’s about $4 million. So that really accounts for the vast majority of that increase. And so importantly it’s not a change in any expenses, it’s just the shifting from acquisition expense into G&A.
Jordan Sadler: Thank you, good morning. So I want to just come back to the acquisition market a little bit. It sounds like you know there is still – it’s still pretty headed in terms of pricing. What would we expect or should we expect for the $180 million or any other opportunities, given where your stock price is today cap rate wise. 
Jordan Sadler: Okay, and that’s to be funded predominately from dispositions it sounds like. So are the dispositions… 
Jordan Sadler: And so that’s – the assets slated for sale will be in a range of 150 to 200? Is that a fair assumption or is that…
Jordan Sadler: Okay. Any anticipation or expectations on timing? It seems like your getting some pretty good progress.
John Thomas: Yeah, we can’t share that just yet, but you can expect it will be a cut near term with the opportunity to make that up over the long term under renewed lease. 
John Thomas: Yeah, we hope it’s alive first. We’ve done what we can control and you we’re just bogged the processes and it’s just clogging through the bankruptcy process and in the State Attorney General’s Office; that’s our expectation, our hope.
John Thomas: Yeah, I mean that’s our expectation, that’s what we are just talking about Dan. We hope that we – begins again in July, around July 1. It could be sooner, but could be later but that’s our...
John Thomas: Yeah, I think even on the portfolios we saw three large portfolios, all trades up five and that did reflect the quality of those assets. One portfolio traded in the mid-sixes, which for a lack of better word, there were some A's and B’s in that portfolio, so it was not as – it was more mixed. So there is some differentiation in the market, but you know cap rates are just compressed across the spectrum, you know for all the levels of medical office. We haven’t seen any movement there.
John Thomas: I think our broad will consider picking it all out, options with proceeds from dispositions, but right now it’s not an expectation.
John Thomas: You know John, that’s a great question. We’ve had a lot of discussion about kind of the science of the asset mix between single and multi tenant. We are benefiting and Mark’s team is squeezing a lot more return out of the multi tenant buildings right now, but they are highly leased. So, I don’t think we have a specific target on multi tenant versus single tenant.  We do have specific goals to continue to move up the healthcare system on campus or affiliated to 90% or more, we are 85% today. So we have some room and opportunity there and as we see acquisitions throughout the year, whether they be single tenant or multi tenant, you can expect them to be highly leased and occupied by credit grade to help the system.
John Thomas: I wouldn’t say specifically limited, but it is something that we manage to and are very cognizant about. As you know CHI is really 12 different tenants, 12 different credits. We think about it that way, but we also think about the aggregate as well. So today being – and being with the health which they are merging with is the higher credit rating for CHI. So it’s going to be an enhancement of the total balance sheet once those two come together. So, once they do complete their merger, we’ll think about those as one aggregated tenant and show that, but at the same time each market stands on its own from a credit perspective. 
John Thomas: Yeah, so I think as we shared Vikram and good morning, the – we have $180 million or so kind of under contract as well, the deals that evolved out of the fall and as we sit here today we fully expect to fund most if not all of it through dispositions. So there will be a slight dilution. We just shared that those dispositions would probably be in the mid-sixes range, most likely in the acquisition or in the high fives just under six.  So slight dilution in cash, but a substantial improvement in quality and again towards the evolution of where we want to go and continue to go. But we have a very strong stable portfolio and as Mark pointed out, it’s going to – we expect that to grow 2.5% to 3% this year on cash flow. We are in a fantastic position being in this cycle and we’ll be patient for the long term. 
John Thomas: No, I mean brining in the credit analysis mid-year last and kind of improved process internally. We significantly improved overall AR in our process and kind of understanding of what’s going with our tenants and with [inaudible] of asset management and financial review. So we are really excited about the stability of the tenant base overall. 
John Thomas: Back rent on Trios, when we stopped incurring it and wrote off a straight line two quarters ago, we can get you that number.
John Thomas: Yeah, I mean Chad look, it’s always something that we are evaluating every quarter. You know certainly if you have really accretive acquisitions, you are able to raise that dividend faster. So it’s hard to say through the balance of the year how fast we can grow. Our AFFO, a lot of is just depending on external growth. So you know we’ll evaluate it and we think we are at a pretty good level at this point. So we’ll continue to evaluative it through the rest of the year. 
John Thomas: But obviously you know where we see opportunities, but again we are going to be patient with seeing that thing.
John Thomas: It’s a slow bankruptcy process. They kind of have three major creditors if you will. Goldman Sachs owns the hospital real estate and we own the medical off building leased to the hospital, and then you have equipment vendors and then you have other creditors, unsecure creditors out there and then you have I think most of the staff in the hospital, the nurses and others are unionized, we got to work though that and ultimately you got the attorney general of the State of Washington to sign off on it. So painfully slow and you know we are being patient because we executed our deals and are moving forward very quickly and this is just the process of a government entity bankruptcy. 
John Thomas: No, I mean the bankruptcy process stays off cash flows and mange through bankruptcy. So, at some point the bankruptcy court and we’ve asked – you know we’ve made motions to compel this. You know a lot will require the creditor and the debtor, excuse me, to confirm the lease and start paying rent or reject the lease and move out. That’s not their intentions. The bankruptcy court is again really focused on this sale process and really just kind of stayed all cash flow.  So they do pay their operating expenses so there is now negative drag on ROI. They pay their – its expensive paying taxes or otherwise they are paying that, but the benefits of the bankruptcy process for them is the situating we are in. So we are certainly filing motions in trying to force the process and force the hand. But the best conclusion we see at this point is Regional Care, finalizing the deal, getting approval and signing a new lease with us. 
John Thomas: Yeah, we are seeing improvement there and I’d say that the conversion to critical or to clinical criteria, I think it kind of bottomed down from a reimbursement perspective and made operational improvements otherwise and pursued new lines of business.  So like there is a very strong management team and operation and – we have the full credit of the entire organization, not just our three assets and of our three assets one is – probably one of the two or three best performing L Tax in the country and stilling on a very valuable piece of land in Plano, Texas, you know North Dallas. So it’s kind of a mixed bag, but we don’t have any credit concern issues there, but on the other hand we would sell them if we got the opportunity to. 
John Thomas: Yeah, I think it’s a percentage of kind of their operating expenses and still – they are still pretty low and you know it depends on what’s in the space, cancer center space, it’s going to be much higher. It’s just clinical, orthopedic clinical space is going to be much lower. But as a percentage of their revenue lines it’s still 5% to 10% generally had moved.
John Thomas: Yeah, I think they are probably – you might see more throughout the year. We are seeing a lot of health system led development plans coming together. So Mark Davis and Jim Bremner and Cornerstone is kind of the three developers we worked most closely with and we will have the opportunity to put the mez capital out funding, helping them to fund those healthy system anchored development opportunities that again ideally will be completed in 2019 and we’ll have the opportunity to purchase those, get a capital market support there, and so we’ll probably see a little uptick there, but it’ll still be a very small percentage of our asset base.
John Thomas: Yeah, we can go deeper. I mean I think we think about 5% to 7% of our portfolios is something that we have filtered through and identified as potential disposition. So again, depending upon the marketing and pricing, some of those are strategic dispositions and some are people approach us opportunistically and that’s how some of the dispositions we have in process came about.
John Thomas: I wouldn’t expect it to be that large. I mean we certainly could, I mean we take advantage of pricing, but really 5% to 7% is really kind of the top end of what we see is, it would be strategically well positioning in the portfolio. We are not suggesting only 85% of our portfolio is high quality. We think it’s much higher than that. 
John Thomas: That just seems large. Again, I think we’ll keep our options opened. But we certainly would have the opportunity to do that Jordan, but I wouldn’t expect to see it get that big.
John Thomas: I think it’s more in the make sense category right, but I think more and more operators are getting a better understanding of that and two years from now in that interest limitation is substantially, just substantially higher. The limitation is much stronger in a couple of years when it goes from EBITDA to EBIT and so you know I think people are planning out the future, it will certainly come into their process. 
John Thomas: We think that’s critical to their plans for that hospital and certainly part of our influence in our decision to work with Regional Care and are excited about it. 
John Thomas: Yeah, thank you again for joining us. As we said, we are very excited about the results for 2017 and look forward to kind of steady as she goes in 2018. Got a great portfolio, great balance sheet and great team and we are all optimistic about the future, but at these times we will be patient and put in what we can and deploy capital where we can do it accretively, but look forward to speaking with you soon. 
