Mark Theine: Thanks, Jeff. Quarter-by-quarter MOB has continued to prove their reputation for stability with occupancy collections and leasing trends that remain strong regardless of market factors. The steady internal growth delivered by our asset management platform is the result of superior tenant satisfaction, strong 2.4% built-in rent to rent escalators, and an industry leading 96% lease rate. Our leasing and CapEx teams continued to deliver value during the quarter, with an impressive tenant retention of 87%, positive cash releasing spreads of 2.7% and low CapEx investments that totaled just 7% of cash NOI. The operations team also continued to execute on the plan to expand our in-house property management platform, laying the groundwork for further cost efficiencies across the portfolio that will deliver long-term value for shareholders. Specifically, we've recently welcomed Mercedes Marquez and Nicole Bradley to the DOC family as we expand our management efforts in Phoenix, Arizona and Birmingham, Alabama. From a performance perspective, our MOB same-store NOI growth in the second quarter was 2.4%. The NOI growth was driven primarily by a year-over-year 2.4% increase in base rental revenue. Operating expenses were up 6.2% and offset by 7.0% increase in operating expense recovery revenue. Year-over-year operating expenses were up $1.9 million overall, primarily due to a $0.5 million increase in utilities and a $0.4 million increase in insurance cost. Same-store occupancy remained steady at 95.4% year-over-year, as our leasing team continues to execute consistently with strong retention. On a consolidated basis, we completed a total of 395,000 square feet of leasing activity during the quarter, the second highest quarterly volume in history of the company. Tenant retention was 87% across 353,000 square feet of lease renewals with cash renewal spreads of positive 2.7%. Notably, these results were achieved with limited leasing costs totaling $1.68 per square foot per year across the full volume of leasing activity. A figure that is much more efficient than industry averages. Our successful net effective rent outcomes are driven by our deep understanding of our primary markets, and constant evaluation of the local leasing trends. Turning to our capital investments for the quarter, we once again proactively managed recurring CapEx to $5.7 million or 7% of cash NOI. Year-to-date, DOC has invested $11.3 million in recurring capital projects. While committed leasing TIs were low on a per square foot basis, we do expect capital expenditures to tick up during the second half of the year due to increased leasing volumes. As a result, we still expect to fall within the $25 million to $27 million full year guidance previously announced. Embedded within all capital investments made by DOC is a strong commitment to materials and practices that enhance the patient experience and our ESG efforts. Our second annual interactive ESG report was released in June, and highlights the exceptional progress toward our three year goal to improve the portfolio's overall carbon footprint, energy, water, waste, usage by 10% compared to our 2018 base year, In 2020, DOC invested in 29 sustainability driven capital expenditure projects totaling $4.2 million, generating approximately $7.7 million in operating expense savings over the next 10 years. Additionally, we exceeded our team's social goals by raising our donating over $350,000 for worthy causes across the country, and providing over 515 volunteer hours of service to charitable organizations. In the eight years since our IPO, we have not only built one of the best healthcare real estate portfolios in the country, but we have also assembled the best healthcare real estate team. Our efforts directly translate into care for tenants, evidence in our 2021 Kingsley Associates Tenant Satisfaction survey results. This year, we surveyed nearly 365 tenants representing nearly 3.4 million square feet. Physicians Realty Trust received an industry leading 76% response rate. In addition, despite the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, we earned the highest scores in the history of the company, including an overall management satisfaction score of 4.53 out of 5.0, beating the national benchmark. Going forward, we expect continued successes from our growing operating platform, resulting in enhanced local market knowledge, repeat investment opportunities with existing partners, profitable operating efficiencies, and continued tenant retention. With that, I'll now turn the call back to John.
Mark Theine: Yes, thanks, Amanda. This is Mark. As you'd mentioned, the back half the year we've got about 2% of our ADR coming up for renewal in the second half of 2021. It's about 91 leases, and an average of about $23 per square foot. So we feel really good about where the market rental rates are and especially a lot of the local market trends being able to push some of those rents and some of the escalators upon lease renewal. And then what we're seeing a lot of right now is, requests for CapEx and TI and some early lease renewal. So we accelerated a few leases this quarter, extended early, adding some nice term to hospital leases, and extended them into the future have a solid rent bumps. So if we expect solid leasing activity to continue there.
Mark Theine: Yes, Vikram, this is Mark. Actually Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks that our portfolio is very well insulated from rising operating expenses due to the triple net structure, 93% of our portfolio is triple net. And then, really all but 2% have some protection against inflation, of operating expenses, some of them are modified gross leases, which also have a cap that's paid for by the tenants. So be able to solve that in our same-store results with a slight increase in operating expenses, but nearly all of it was recovered through our recovery structures in the portfolio.
Mark Theine: Really not Vikram. Like I said, these are opportunistic sales, if you will, and we've talked for years about selling the all taxes, if we can get an appropriate price may continue to perform very well in this in the COVID environment, and that's kind of what they're used for. So EBITDAR has been stronger than a year. So there's a potential good opportunities to sell those this year, the others again, it's a very small handful of buildings in unique situations that we're having opportunity to sell, pricing has been excellent. And we're ready to move those out. We've really, the portfolio is in fantastic shape with 96% occupied, there's not a lot in the portfolio, we want to that we want to even consider selling.
Mark Theine: I'll give, Daniel its Martin. A second to think about the direct financial relation, but it's really, again, part of our long-term strategy, Dan of, again, when we have a health system and we always have a lot of repeat business with the Middle East, that's our goal with the health systems that we work with. And so once we get to scale, and you can internalize that management, again there's a financial benefit of kind of every time you add another building, but you don't have to add another property management team, just the direct correlation there. So, is like in the Phoenix market and the Birmingham market, we just continue to grow in those two markets, and just had the opportunity to hire a couple of outstanding people to put on the team and then directly manage those buildings in those markets ourselves. So scale pretty natural, Columbus, Ohio has been a fantastic example for us of how once we internalize management, not only are we getting a $1 return from that financial return from that. It's also leading to more opportunities in those markets, so they just kind of builds upon itself. So it's not a sign of moving away from triple net leases. Again, we're focused on, again, kind of minimizing the risk maximizing the synergy value of internalizing management and managing the buildings better and at a lower cost. And thus, hopefully moving more of the total cost of occupancy to triple net rent to us not just expenses.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yeah, great question, Juan. The pipeline has just continued to build, we're very confident about getting the full year numbers $400 million to $600 million, and we've got line of sight to a pipeline that's at least that big right now. So it's a collection of high quality medical office building, some that were under construction in the first half of the year, and just kind of moving to CO and we'll move to recommencement here this quarter. And so it's really, we're really excited about it. So hopefully, we'll share a lot more with the next call.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, 5% to 6%. I mean, again, the higher quality newer buildings are going to be at the low end of that range. But the development pipeline, which continues to grow, is where we achieve those higher returns.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, good questions, Jordan. Like you said, we've been pretty proactive about funding the acquisition pipeline in the first two quarters of the year. So really, we're at a point right now where we could execute on that acquisition guidance and not raise additional equity. So I think we're in a really good spot. I mean look, we're always opportunistic about how we fund our deals and it's dependent on what we see coming down the line in the far future as well. So, we'll take it day-by-day, but as a need, we don't have any need for additional equity.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, it'll reflect obviously, the amount of acquisitions we complete, and then the amount of development that we're committed to for the year.
Jeffrey Theiler: No Mike. So 5.25 kind of long-term debt target, obviously, that's a conservative number. So there can be some flex around that. But that is the in general, our long-term target.
Jeffrey Theiler: Yes, to add to that, as JT said, it all starts with the relationship, the hospital relationships, the local market knowledge, the ability to expand our acquisition opportunities with hospital partners across the country. Then secondly, the financial impact starts with economies of scale from just having more properties in the market and being able to lower operating expenses for our healthcare partners in the buildings. Again, most of our expenses are insulated by the triple net leases, but we looked at benefit upon lease renewal from the total occupancy costs that we can show the tenants. And the management fee itself usually adds about 20 to 30 basis points onto a cap rate as an acquisition if we internally manage there. So there as they do, so there's a direct impact from the management fees associated with internalizing property management. So we've really grown a great team around the country and look forward to leveraging the economies of scale and the team as we grow the portfolio in the future.
John Thomas: Yes, Juan, I'm sorry, we had a brief disruption here. The - I think I got the gist of your question, the - our execution strategy from the beginning has been direct negotiated off market transactions, primarily through health system relationship, physician relationships, and healthcare, real estate developers. And that's what we're focused on our strategy and execution there. And again, we've got a high quality pipeline, we'll be able to share a lot more about with the next earnings call. Scale is obviously very important. As we've grown, as Mark mentioned, we've expanded our internal property management team in a couple of markets, where we had some significant growth opportunities. And so, again, scale in our core markets continues to drive a lot of synergy value, and it grows more enough to provide more opportunities. So, it's a public market M&A, or large portfolio transactions, we certainly look at everything, but we're focused on our core strategy and we're approaching $6 billion in assets, we've got pretty good scale already.
John Thomas: Yes, it is unique for this year, it just the circumstances of how the pipeline built-in at the end of last year, is that we'd like to be a little more spread out. And I think historically there was a time where we were closing the building a week. So it's just the uniqueness of this year, I think there were some sellers, some health systems, at the end of last year, that weren't really thinking about monetizing, but with expecting changes in tax laws, kind of changing in political environment, things like that, we're seeing more opportunities kind of evolve that - kind of bubbled up in the first quarter, that we've been negotiating through. And again, expect to execute on this quarter and the last quarter. So, I think it's just unique to this year, but now, it's been, frankly it's been pretty exciting for us.
John Thomas: Yes, the buyer pool has gotten bigger. Private equity continues to quote unquote, private equity if you will, as it continues to raise a lot of capital continues to explore both individual assets and the portfolios have been floating around. We haven't seen anything - of course, we look at everything is marketed. But most of our substantially all of our transaction volume this year will be off marketing, not portfolio based transactions, but there's a premium out there for the portfolio's we've seen traded leased based on the quoted, cap rates, the ones that have the $300 million to $500 million portfolios that are floated around, I think, I think we're hearing five and a quarter kind of cap rates, 5.5 on some of those. On assets that are probably high five to six, if bought in an individual basis. So a lot of capital chasing the assets. As we said, we're, we expect to dispose of opportunistically, a few of our assets that just don't fit our strategic portfolio going forward, but they're tracking in a nice high price.
John Thomas: Yes, we think our portfolios - we pruned some things a couple of years ago, out of the portfolio. We think our portfolio is outstanding, so of our 275 buildings we love all our children. So, but the - there's just a couple of, I think small circumstances where either portfolio might trade, and our assets are complimentary to that, or, I know, we're always kind of out exploring the opportunity to sell the L tags, things like that. So it's just opportunistic in things that have bubbled up, but we do expect to close on a handful of dispositions this year. And we'll use that capital to fund our acquisitions.
John Thomas: Yes, your question was, you said $100 million. And my response to that was that would be on the high end. It's a handful of dispositions.
John Thomas: Yes, I think, we have a small amount of if you will, administrative space with health systems, but it's leased for multiple years. So we're having that dialogue. I think health systems are, again, with this Delta variant, it's kind of slowed down some of their internal thinking, while I focus on the hospitals that are full, and again, shifting patients to the outpatient care facilities like we own. So we don't have any good color yet other than systems are trying to rationalize make that decision. We've had conversations about either selling those building, subleasing those buildings, or keeping them in shape, while they figure out those plans, maybe in the fourth quarter. So sorry to be so vague, but it's we don't have a lot of that space.
John Thomas: So, we're obviously big believers in that long-term strategy by health systems to plant outpatient care facilities in new markets. That's exactly like the Brooklyn Park development, we're financing the project we're developing this year are almost all - financing the development of this year almost all exactly that kind of description, amatory surgery center anchor and health system employed physicians, outpatient care diagnostics, things like that. Our portfolio does include a nice balance or a mix of on campus. Assets that are the health system in our case in our pipeline are monetizing to raise capital for their balance sheets, and at the same time, coordinating discussion around new developments with those same health systems. So it's a good mix, I haven't seen a real change in the long-term trends expanding on campus, newer assets, and at the same time planning flags and new demographics for growth.
John Thomas: Yes, no, it's a good portion of them are under contract and just moving to work down the normal closing process with those transactions. Others are under exclusive kind of signed letters of intent, all the economics and deal terms are worked out, just working through the documentation and closing process. Little slower, in part because of, of travel restrictions, and, frankly, the demand for in construction and other things and going around the country, but we remain very confident about not only getting those transactions closed, but continue to work through negotiations on several other things on our pipeline.
John Thomas: Yes, it varies a little bit. The loan downs, essentially work out where we finance the construction off of our balance sheet, they're 100%, occupied investment grade credit quality tenants, and then the loan stays in place for typically for a year for tax reasons, but stays in place for one year, and then it collapses into ownership, you'll see one of the investments we made this year was the cancer center, which is exactly the process we've been on our boats for a couple of years. The first is alone, and now it's converted to a younger ship. Some of the development financing is where we just are part of the capital stack. And typically, that happens when the building is pre-leased to some high percentage, but not fully leased and the developer has their own capital and gets thrown construction loan, we provide some capital, and then we have a real firm that is triggered again, usually with rent commencement. And then maybe for a year after that with for tax reasons, so it just varies. But as we said, or I said in my comments, the assets under construction, on our books today, would be valued at about 200 million, once we convert those to ownership. So that'll happen, most of that will happen in 2020. What's under construction today, convert over in 2022, some of that could blend into 2023. Projects we start in the fourth quarter of this year in we're working through most likely probably at early 2023 conversion to full ownership. But that pipeline is growing. It's been an interesting year for health systems, moving forward to projects that didn't do - that they didn't start last year but proceeded with this year.
John Thomas: Yes, seven of our largest markets are our top 10 largest markets are all internalized. We have to manage everything in the portfolio, of course, but there's a few markets where we partner with hospital systems who have a real estate team directly. And we treat them exactly like part of our partner or a development partner that has lifelong relationships in the market. We work just hand-in-hand with them, almost as if they're part of the DOC team. But technically it's not internally managed. So, some of our top 10 largest markets today.
John Thomas: Yes, thank you again, for joining us today. We really appreciate the questions dialog and please follow if you got any other and might do you have any other questions? We do encourage you all to get vaccinated. We're starting to move back into the office ourselves and stay safe. We hope to see everyone at the conferences this fall. Thank you.
