John Thomas: Yes, we've got another $100 million under contract. We have announced I think all of that. The biggest part of that is the Kennewick, Washington medical office building that's under construction. We expect that to close this summer, but we've got more than $25 million of other assets under contract.
John Thomas: I think that's pretty consistent with what we are thinking this year. I'd say, on a cash basis, we are probably going to run around $2.5 million a quarter, maybe a touch higher, so on a cash basis maybe $10 million to $11 million for 2015, and then probably another roughly $1 million a quarter for stock-based comps, so overall, $14 million to $15 million.
John Thomas: It's generally the case, but we do have a couple of, I'd say, exciting opportunities early of that evaluation, but we're seeing a couple of specialty hospitals at appropriate pricing, we may or may not pursue, but you'll see us pick one of those off here and there. But the very focus is on the outpatient care and medical ops going.
John Thomas: I think, if we found quality, we've paid up for quality. And then Minnesota is a very high-quality portfolio, and we felt both is necessary, but valuable to make that investment in the 6.4% cap rate range, but we see most of our pipelines between 6.5% and 7.5%, so 7% is a good blended number, but we've got plenty of opportunities above 7% and where we can find quality, it seems to be necessary to pay somewhere in the high-6s.
John Thomas: When we raised our offering in January, we did that with the intention of not having to go back to the market, in advance of going for investment grade rating. And that's assuming our acquisitions as we see them today. So if we get a great opportunity obviously, that thinking could change. But as we look at it based on the pipeline that we see today, we think that we've got plenty of dry powder for that and can achieve all those acquisitions and still maintain a sensible leverage.
John Thomas: I think it's fair to say that we don't think we would go back to the market for the bulk of the year, that's fair.
John Thomas: Yes, exactly. So there was a little bit of issuance prior to that deal, and since that deal has been turned off.
John Thomas: I think by the end of the year, we should be in good shape with that. Obviously, we had the big equity raise in January, which pushed us out a little bit more than it look last year, but certainly by yearend we think we'll be in good shape with our dividend coverage.
John Thomas: I was trying to articulate that at the end of my comments. Generally, we spend a lot of time at this Board meeting and strategic planning discussion with exactly that question. And I think long-term, we will broaden and diversify, but right now I mean outpatient care medical office is really our core. And we see tremendous opportunities to continue to grow in that space and thinks that where our focus should remain. But we see what most people see on the other asset classes as well. We'll keep our eye on it, and be opportunistic. But I wouldn't expect to see anything in the foreseeable future, but long-term broadly.
John Thomas: No, just because we have more than we can process in that office space, but all joking aside, I mean that's where our core focus is and we're going to stay focused on that.
John Thomas: I think it will just continue probably at the same pace. We estimate tremendous tool for us. So many of the sellers we're talking to are physicians that have self developed their own facilities and enter into sale-leasebacks with us, and so they like the attractiveness of that tax deferral and they like the investment in DOC. So a lot of our early transactions were OPU transactions and those physicians have held on to their OPUs and the value that they've written and have been great referrals of other opportunities for us. So you continue to see that, but just it's really on the case-by-case basis. We're probably getting a little more selective about where we offer it, but the Minnesota transaction had a component with the OPUs. It was a brand new building. So it was important part of there negotiation and convincing the seller there to go ahead and make the trade now.
John Thomas: So it's kind of all of the above. So I want to be very clear about that. We have several tenants who are in need to expand their existing facilities and we are very engaged with them about doing that. So you'll see that kind of development, which is six to nine month kind of funding. They'll typically fund the construction, and then will refund that and amend the lease when they're completed, is the typical way we approach that. In the future, you may see us again partnering with a developer and looking to fund completely pre-leased or highly pre-leased outpatient care facilities. But that's not a core part of our near-term strategy. The Kennewick, Washington investment that's under contract is a development take out, where we didn't put any capital into that. We're not at any development risk. The developer there has got to complete the construction, and the lease it's a 100% leased and the leases got to commence before we're obligated to close or would close. So we'll see some of that as well, but kind of 10% of our target investments are focused on those kind of opportunities, but we're not going to take development risk. We're not going to take speculative development at all.
John Thomas: I think the Minnesota investment, which we'll probably talk about for years to come through, we're so excited about it. That was a rare portfolio of that quality and essentially brand new real estate. The average age of those eight buildings is less than three years old, and one of them just went into service. So those types of portfolios, if you will, are kind of few and far between, but we continue to move up the minimum kind of dollar amount of our transaction. I mean this is a $20 million to $25 million space. We've got plenty of $10 million investments, so we're evaluating several in the $25 million to $40 million. So that's the sweet spot for this space, but anything that gets larger, we'll look at. And hopefully, like Minnesota be somewhat off market and have the opportunity to earn the opportunity.
John Thomas: Yes, I mean, I guess in contrast to M&A or anything like that. I mean, we'll evaluate all of the opportunities that are presented to us or that we find, but you'll just continue to see us execute our core plan.
John Thomas: I think we'll be flexible with that. And I think it's going to depend on the acquisition volume, when it comes. It's easier to predict the total for the entire year, but it's very difficult to predict when those opportunities are going to present themselves, in which quarter. So I think we'll be flexible with the ATM. It's certainly not our plan to just have it running all year, but we'll certainly look at that, if match funding, certain types of acquisitions makes sense, then we might do that.
John Thomas: Yes, I think that what we didn't retained was practices that expanded and needed more space than we had available in the building. So we're really excited about the work Mark's doing in keeping tenants happy, but are able to move around at appropriate levels.
John Thomas: Yes, we've announced the contract to sell one of the small facilities in Columbus, Ohio from the legacy portfolio. We don't have any active disposition plans, but it would not be a material amount of cash for that. So that's really a gross and net number, if you will.
John Thomas: We don't keep a formal tally of that, Wilkes, but I would tell you that most of the things we pass on are the widely-marketed auctions. I think every day there is a new medical office building or hospital that pops up on the internet for sale and we rarely evaluate those. And that's probably 80% or 70% of what we see. So the remaining 20% to 30%, I think it turns into the quality of the physician or provider of the quality of the markets that they're in, the quality of the real estate they're in that narrows the focus. Kind of assets in existing markets where we're at or expansion opportunities with existing clients usually jumps to the top of our priority chain, and usually most successful, kind of repeat business or direct referrals from existing. So I'd say its 10% to 20% of everything we see. We pursue and we close on 75% of that, if it meets underwriting.
John Thomas: Yes, it's about the same, and I think the key question is if the returns you like. There are some lower quality portfolios flooding around, which we don't even sign the NDA and get the -- we know enough about the market, so we don't spend time on those. The Davis portfolio Minneapolis was a very exciting find and surprised, frankly. I would say it's one of the best portfolios I've been involved in the last five years and pretty proud of what we were able to accomplish in the past, but those are few and far between. But one thing about the Davis portfolio is Mark Davis, the developer of those, is taking the proceeds from the transaction and reloading with a number of projects he is already working on and starting to lease up for development later this year. We are going to have the opportunity in 2016 probably in order to continue to grow that relationship in that market, so long-winded answer to your question. But those are few and far between, but if they're out there, we see them. Some of the portfolios have traded in the last six months, just traded at prices that didn't make sense to us.
John Thomas: Again, thanks everybody. Thanks for taking the time to join the call this morning. As you can probably tell from our voice, we are very excited about what we accomplished in 2014. We are very focused on building a great visionary company here and continuing that growth in 2015. We just look forward to seeing you soon and talking with you in May. Thank you.
