John Thomas: Thank you, Mark. We know there’s one statistic that more than any other you want to discuss, we are very pleased to report our April 2020 cash rent collection stand at 94.4% of billings. We anticipate collecting most, if not all of the remaining 6% over time. We are already off to a promising start in May with over 74% collected as of May 6, which is consistent with April’s pace of collections. During April, DOC received inquiries from tenants, who represent 21% of our annual base rent or ABR about their options for paying rent during the COVID-19 pandemic. These inquiries largely came from small tenants, ambulatory surgery center tenants and the specialist that performed surgical care like ophthalmologist and orthopedic surgeons hit hard by the national and state limitations on performing non-urgent surgery that can be postponed. DOC has used this period of time to engage with all of our tenants and on a case-by-case basis, assist them with the process of applying for federal paycheck protection program loans and/or Medicare grants and advanced payments. Before the CARES Act was even passed, we had retained two different consultants, each of which are active in medical practice management and the SBA process. These tenants who pursued PPP, medical assistants and other sources of liquidity, we waived lease late fee obligations and patiently worked with our tenants, while they sourced working capital to pay rent through these programs. In the end, tenants representing just over 5% of our ABR have not paid April rent thus far, but again, we believe most, if not all of this rent is collectible and will be collected. We refer you to our COVID-19 supplemental update posts this morning for more details. While our April rent collection for strong and May is off to a good start, we do expect tenants to continue to have constraints on the revenue, collections and working capital for the remainder of the second quarter. Fortunately, with the increase in PPE production, our outpatient care facilities can now start providing surgeries that had been delayed. Many of our providers are reporting full schedules and expanding surgical hours to the weekends as well. By the end of this weekend, the government prohibitions on scheduled surgery had expired for 91% of DOC’s ABR. This is updated as of this morning with the addition of Maryland overnight and is better than reported in our COVID supplement. In addition, as of this week, only two of our buildings are currently closed, one a wellness center lease to CommonSpirit and a small legacy building. Our provider tenants are anxious to care for their patients and get back to work. We’re now happy to address your questions.
John Thomas: Yes, Mike. This is JT. And we hope you are all safe and your family as well. I’m going to ask Jeff to respond to that question.
John Thomas: Yes, that’s a great question. We don’t have a solid sense of that, but again, most of all of April’s work was delayed or deferred. And so some of the facilities that we talked to performed almost no surgery in April. And I have very full schedules are asking us to expand hours into the evenings, open on Saturdays and things like that. So we think May and June will be very full schedules. That’s what again, most of our providers reporting to us. And then the question I think has been how quickly can they then build up a new schedule, is patient returned to the clinical setting, the diagnostic setting, and that we don’t know yet.
John Thomas: We really approach this, as Jeff said, not in a kind of automatic deferrals for any specific requests. It’s been on a case by case basis. We haven’t specifically granted deferrals at all. Again, we – on specific conditions, we’ve waived late fees in anticipation of tenants paying their rent. And we’ve had no tenants, I asked for abatement. No tenants have threatened to not pay. They’ve just asked us for time to pay where they can. And again, we’ve evaluated those on a case by case basis. So I think the one situation we know that they have the best color on kind of wind they’ll get to be able to get caught up is probably a June, July kind of timeframe. But that’s a small percentage of the unpaid billings in April. And very comfortable with that tenant will be able to get caught up if not by the end of the quarter, early in the third quarter.
John Thomas: Yes. Connor, great question. And again, we hope all your family safe as well. The issue for the reason elective surgery or scheduled surgery, which I think is a better term was really restricted in those States was the lack of PPE. So they get surgical gowns, the mask, all the things they need just to breathe, protect the – both the healthcare teams, but the patients themselves. Our tenants are telling us that – they have been able to start stockpiling PPEs, with the – as they were set down in April, many of which never saw in their communities, never saw a big wave. And in fact, we’re loaning out some of the PPE that they were stockpiling to the inpatient facilities that we’re starting to see some COVID patients. So that’s the big issue. So they can be, can’t the inpatient hospitals, if they’re the wave and if they’ve got the PPE, they can be a beneficial part of the system versus just shutting down. And so again, our anticipation is that most of the tenants were talking to and provide us return to our in a second wave event, they will have time to stockpile PPE and be able to stay open and contribute to the healthcare system and not just be shut down. But again, that’s – that’d be to volumes and other things outside of their control and our control as well. That’s the anticipated response for the fall.
John Thomas: Yes, it’s a great question, Jonathan. Again, hope all was well with your family. It’s really two subsidiaries of investment grade tenants. One is a very large multispecialty group that’s only partly owned by the investment grade tenant. So it’s one of those unfortunate situations, where they’re kind of caught in limbo between, they’re too big for the PPP program. It’s kind of one of the flaws in the way the PPP was structured and they’re not wholly-owned by the health system. So it’s kind of tricky for the health system to step in and pay rent on behalf of physicians that they are only partly owners. That is the situation I’ve mentioned a minute ago, where we fully expect to get that resolved by the end of the quarter, just because of, as the health system steps in and works with that physician group to get them back busy working and being to get their rent caught out. So we’re fully confident in the resolution of that one. The other is a small ASC. Again, that’s in a joint venture with the health system, health system majority owner and unfortunately, again, similar situation have not stepped into pay that rent. But we expect to get it collected. Again, another kind of flaw in the PPP program or shake shack, did qualify and even though with 8,000 employees, but our surgery center that’s partly owned by health system can’t benefit on their similar structure, because there again had to count the health system employees as well. We tried to get that fixed and round two the CARES Act, but it’s didn’t have quite enough momentum in the Senate.
John Thomas: This is not precisely correct, but that 97% you see the paid is more or less the direct payment by the health system percentage, just two unique situations where again, no credit issue, just to structure those two groups made it more complicated in this kind of situation.
John Thomas: Yes. Jonathan, that’s a good question. And potentially that’s an issue, but again, these are what will be done in May and June are things that were already scheduled in March – late-March and April. And so again, I think the patients in those cases had already come to the conclusion that they weren’t – the case for any longer. So we’ll see, I think the bigger issue is a gap in backfield and after the search and actually performing procedures to be clear in May and June is, how quickly will patients go back to the diagnostics and kind of fill up the pipeline for late summer and early fall. And again, back to that search question from before, which is the PPP, the PPE to be precise, protective equipment available. And again, our providers are telling us they’re stockpiling now and expect to stay open during a second surge of that COVID in the fall, if that occurs. So great question, but when you don’t see that. Scheduled surgery has always got that kind of seasonality to it, which is, if you get to the early fall and you can wait till the end of the year and you’ve got your deductibles burned out. That’s why December is so good for orthopedic surgeons, so.
John Thomas: Tayo, we – again, we think the outpatient off campus buildings, have performed very well. The affiliated off campus buildings, which is really the sweet spot of our investment thesis. And we’ve got that – it actually was the best collecting rate we had and 95%. So other than the hospitals and LTACH, which paid 100%. And so we’re very proud of that. But the off campus affiliated MOB, we think it would have been the star in the last six weeks, again, but for the lack of PPE and we think those, again, that’s where patients are going to want to go and not go to the hospital and get mixed up with the COVID cases in that building. So again, lots of reasons for on campus buildings, but we think the underlying thesis has been not only reaffirmed, but we think we’ll grow over time as our long-term view that off campus affiliated MOB is really the sweet spot of our long-term strategy.
John Thomas: Yes, I mean, Tayo, great questions. I mean, no question, all the health systems, investment grade or otherwise have been really pinched. Not only they have kind of high expenses and getting prepared for COVID cases, but also the bigger issue has been the opportunity costs, the lost revenue primarily from surgery that could be scheduled. And again, we think lots of health systems, we’ll see more than ever the benefit of shifting outpatient care and scheduled care to outpatient care facilities in the future to be better prepared for these kinds of things going forward. In the near-term, obviously, there’s a pinch on both the revenue and expenses and the profitability, the federal government pumped a lot of money into it. It’s not pumped enough. Hospitals are still looking for more. There’s going to be a CARES Act four or fourth round of legislation. I’ve got a pretty good summary of that on my desk, most of which seems to be pretty acceptable to the Senate. And so we expect more money there. One of the big issues is, part of the Medicare advanced payments, which just add advances and is a loan. And so hospitals, there’s a fairly large number with Bipartisan support in the house of Congressmen, Congress people looking to convert that to if not a pure grant at least extending the term of those loans and the interest rate, so as not to put pressure on hospitals. Just when everything’s kind of returning to normal to then have a big obligation that they have to pay back to Congress. So well that turned into a grant, that’s probably a 50/50 guess at best or outcome at best. But I do think there’s a lot of momentum to ease the payback periods and payback terms for that part of the Medicare money has been advanced. So bottom line is expect more federal money to come in, expect put more money to go to the States to help, the States offset their Medicaid costs. And as I mentioned in my opening comments, the biggest issue really to your question is how quickly can we get employment back to some kind of normal rates and get those people back on commercial insurance. Again, they have opportunity for COVID right now, but that’s a long-term, it’s really about the employer commercial insurance and that’s the profitability of the healthcare systems. I will conclude that question. Happy to have a follow-up, but I’ll conclude that with we’re in touch with our largest health systems, really all of our health systems, all of our tenants, very routinely as Mark and Amy Hall and myself and Jeff and others have been in communication with them. And again, all of that’s been a very collegial. We’ve been there providing support to them and their buildings and helping to manage the traffic flow with our brave employees and partners that have helped manage that. And then on the front end, at the same time, our health systems are all. Many of which are starting to look for growth opportunities, I mean, I fully expect to see some hospital consolidation coming out of this, fully expect that situation I’ve talked about before that hospitals will employ more physicians access, not less. So some of our hospital systems that are investment grade and have the capability to grow in the future are looking for targets right now for more consolidation. We just think we’ll be part of that and everybody will benefit eventually.
John Thomas: Yes, we certainly do, Dan, and again, glad you’re well and thanks for the early morning comment that was helpful. So there are already a couple of the proprietary hospital companies out there looking to monetize some MOBs. There’s one non-profit that we’re aware of that’s looking to the starting the package that they’d been in the process of it, but I think they’re starting to think about accelerating that now. We think a lot of hospitals that we’ve – the systems that we’ve been talking to and are aware of that, we’re thinking about doing developments and funding it on their own or more likely to at least consider using third-party capital, like DOC’s and others. So I think that’s a very real realistic and again, we’re starting to see evidence of it already. And we certainly, that’s where we shine as you know, like we have done with counting spirit and north side and other health care systems over the years, and think we’ll have great opportunities going forward to do that.
John Thomas: Yes, we had – I wouldn’t say anything unique. I mean one thing we’ve seen again, which is probably just temporary, but may turn into long-term is, hospitals looking for really every square foot of space, they can. In the near term, if they need to spread both their employees out and their – and patients out during this period of time. But I think really more important to your question is, I think what we’re seeing is kind of routine leasing. There’s been obviously a slowdown because of in kind of – I used the word speculative though, where you’re trying to recruit new tenants to a building and you can’t rotate them through or show space currently. But the health system where we’re directly engaged, we’ve had some really nice extensions, renewals, that kind of normal renewal rates and adding some term. We’ll see how the second quarter end. So we could have more space safe leased and end the second quarter and then we’ve ever had, and we have the most safe leased of any MOB portfolio [indiscernble] Dan.
John Thomas: Okay. So I was just going to add that exactly that which is in, we’re 93% of our spaces have remained open more or less continuously. Now, obviously hours have been adjusted and things like that. And the surgery centers have been temporarily closed or dramatically reduced hours. But operationally, they’ve stayed open, and again, it’s been a learning process and best practices all along some health systems had done it a little bit differently than others. But again, it’s all in a collaborative way. So again, trying to make the facilities as inviting and as you know, signage and communication and hand sanitizer and all the things that you can do to try to make it comfortable. And then there’s screening and then there’s testing. And so screening is about communicating, if you have these symptoms, where to go and then usually that is the where to go is to the testing location, which is in another part of if it’s on campus, the campus or if it’s not on campus, another place. We heard in one of the surgery centers that’s just opened up this week, the cars loving – the person coming in for the surgery literally gets screened in their car. And our temperature check and kind of those kinds of things. Again, that’s the healthcare provider for doing that. So it’s a very collaborative approach. It’s really the providers who set the standard. And in our cancer facilities, segregating, providing kind of different areas for entry for their cancer patients coming in, limiting the amount of visitors, and so 266 buildings, we’ve learned a lot. And again, almost all of them have stayed open the whole time and accommodating that question. But again, it’s going to take time and as we all know, and but hopefully we can be as inviting as possible and material you provided.
John Thomas: Yes, so – yes, I’ll give you an example. In the Texas market, one facility did a 35 procedure – 35 surgical cases, the first 3.5 weeks of April. They’re doing 75 a week right now. So that’s and then – again, just catching up and kind of their normal case load is 50 to 60 surgical cases a week in a five-day period. So in Texas, one of the things that the kind of the restrictions that are there that’s I think pretty probably placed, I might even in 32 States. So each State got a little bit different, kind of parameters around it. How to open up in Texas, you’ve got to kind of set aside 25% of the facility, for the potential of a COVID patient. And again, that’s where the surgical hospitals and larger surgery centers that have, again, just a little bit bigger physical capacity can actually accommodate more patients more quickly. So that’s a good anecdotal piece. One surgery center where we have a lot of facilities with I think they were – had very limited percentage in April and they’ve commented publicly that they’re back to 50% and look to catch up pretty quickly to ramp it up to a 100%-plus of their normal volume as they catch up on delayed procedures.
John Thomas: Yes, Mike, it’s a great question. And I’ve always loved ophthalmologist and then based on your influence, but ophthalmologist, they had to close first in this situation. And obviously lots of discussion about both the physical plant health care system and the payment system. Our payment system has been geared for years around procedures and not medicine and has incented, this is – it’s proven out over the last six weeks really incented to move cases to the lowest cost setting. Unfortunate, we didn’t have the PPE to do that and over the last couple of months. So I mean I think there’s a lot of commentary and a lot of legislative debate and intellect and academic debate about that. If you talk to Michael Dowling at Northwell, I was listened to him speak 10 days ago or so, and he was coming about this exact thing says we have to have more ICUs and more inpatient beds for situation like this, but our surgeons are all sitting at home doing nothing, because they can’t come to the facility. And so kind of that balance of kind of a redesign of both the payment system and the infrastructure and as Mark mentioned our LTACHs, which have struggled for years, because they’ve been kind of the stepchild of the inpatient facilities. They are by definition ventilator hospitals and are thriving right now in this environment. So I think it’s going to be a whole redesign of the system preserving inpatient capacity, maybe enhancing the physical design of inpatient capacity and shifting care to more appropriate setting and the payment system is going to have to adapt to that as well. And we’ve seen a lot of changes in, a lot of emergency changes to the payment system like in the LTACHs situation to address the situation, and I think that’ll begin the process of redesigning the system. And I wouldn’t say this as Medicare for all, I’m just saying it, total redesign of the system over time.
John Thomas: Yes. Now I’ve already started to hear that. And there’s – the architects who are have high volume healthcare work are already putting out, not only white papers but kind of early thoughts around the redesign of, again, both inpatient and outpatient facilities from lessons learned from this. When we had the terrorist events in after September in 2001, the big issue is we didn’t have the ERs didn’t – weren’t set up for patients coming in with a biological attack. And so the ER has got adapted to and became a requirement to have a kind of space set aside for that. That’s a microcosm of I think what we’ll see here. And the other thing is medical office buildings and outpatient care buildings have been built in the last 10 years. We’ve had very little just general office space provided for physicians. It’s kind of been [indiscernble] about procedure rooms and exam rooms and the physician sees you there and brings in a computer on wheels or an iPad to do the – to record all that. There’s no room, there’s no place for physicians to do telehealth in these buildings. And so we think there’ll be a redesign around, the expansion and because telehealth here to stay. It’s just a matter of where it will be conducted. I don’t think it’ll be telehealth from home. I think it’d be telehealth from the medical office building. But we think there’ll be a redesign of our buildings and changes to our buildings and future buildings in the outpatient care setting to facilitate HIPAA compliant, telehealth encounters. And we think that’s a good thing, an efficiency of the system that this crisis has shown can work very well.
John Thomas: Thank you, again for joining us today. We do hope that all of your families and colleagues are safe and well. And we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
