Peter Scott: Thanks, Scott. We had a very strong second quarter. We reported FFO as adjusted of $0.45 per share, AFFO of $0.39 share and total portfolio same-store growth of 4.5%. Let me briefly touch on segment performance, starting with outpatient medical. Our results this quarter underscore the strength of the long-term demand drivers we are seeing. We reported same-store growth of 3.1%, a positive rent mark-to-market on the new leasing of 4.7% and a retention rate of 83%. Additionally, we are consistently achieving 3% fixed escalators on new leases, which should improve our earnings growth trajectory for years to come. Turning to lab. The strength of our portfolio, relationships and reputation are leading to outsized leasing demand and driving results that are exceeding expectations. We reported same-store growth of 3%, driven by 3% plus contractual rent escalators and a positive 6% rent mark-to-market. Occupancy did tick down a bit, but was largely the result of fully occupied Poway sale in San Diego that was completed earlier in the second quarter. Year-to-date, we have signed 1.1 million square feet of leases and have a robust leasing pipeline for the balance of the year. Finishing with CCRCs. We reported same-store growth of positive 2%, driven by 200 basis points of occupancy growth and strong rate growth of 7%. Shifting to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with a net debt to EBITDA of 5.2 times and nearly $3 billion of liquidity. However, these metrics don't take into account the majority of our disposition, which closed in July. Pro forma, these dispositions, our net debt to EBITDA is approximately five times, we have nothing outstanding on our line of credit and we have a cash balance of $300 million. So we are sitting on significant dry powder to drive future earnings growth from acquisitions, redevelopments, developments or stock buybacks. On stock buybacks, our existing authorization was due to expire in August, and we filed a new two-year $500 million authorization. Finishing now with guidance. We are increasing our FFO as adjusted guidance range by $0.01 to $1.77 $1.81, and we are increasing our AFFO guidance range by $0.01 to $1.54 to $1.58. Our guidance increase is driven by three items. First, we increased same-store guidance by 25 basis points to 2.75% to 4.25%. Second, the significant early renewal leasing in lab and outpatient medical, including CommonSpirit, provided an immediate FFO benefit. Third, we accretively bought back an incremental $88 million worth of stock at an FFO yield near 10%. With that, operator, let's open the line for Q&A.
Peter Scott: Yes. Hey, Nick, it's Pete. So the 620,000 square feet of LOIs, I would say that about half of that is associated with the three large projects you just mentioned, Vantage, Gateway as well Portside. And a couple of them are pretty large deals as well. Our hope is to convert all of those to leases this upcoming quarter. And as we do, we can provide more detail. I think the thing one I would add to it is the phasing in of the upside, that will happen over a couple of years. The lease is probably on average will commence middle of next year. So we'll get an immediate FFO benefit once a lease commences. And then beyond that, it's probably the year after that where you start to see a really big pickup in AFFO as cash rent starts getting paid. So I think that's probably the best way I can describe the LOI bucket and the upside opportunity. But we're trending in the right direction, and we feel really good about the foot traffic and all of those.
Peter Scott: Yes. I think directionally, Nick, that is correct. I would say, a lot of our lease deals that you've seen have been with existing tenants as well. And there may be a little bit of giveback space that we'll have to lease up. But I'd say just on the gross numbers you mentioned, yes, probably about half of that.
Peter Scott: Yeah. Hey, John, it's Pete here, and welcome to the earnings call. I think this is your first one. I think just big picture, as we think about all three of our segments, lab, we think lab should continue to improve through the second half of this year. Certainly, leasing helps. But one of the things I mentioned at the beginning of the year was we did have some free rent on a couple of large leases that impacted the first half of year. As that burns off, we expect to see acceleration in the second half of the year, and we continue to expect that. Obviously, with getting a lot of leasing done our confidence level improves as well. I think on outpatient medical, we did say that we expected the second, third and fourth quarters to accelerate relative to the first quarter. We got a lot of questions on that. And as you saw, we were above 3% this quarter, and we continue to believe we'll be above 3% for the second half of the year. And then I know, we don't spend a lot of time on CCRCs, but we've had a pretty good first half of the year. Our expectation is not to hit 20% growth. I mean, that's going to normalize everything eventually normalize, and it will normalize on the CCRC side. But we still feel pretty, pretty confident about our full year growth expectations for that segment. In fact, we're doing a lot better than what our original expectations were. So I know you just asked about lab, but I figured I'd give you a more fulsome update.
Peter Scott: Yeah. Hey, Rich, it's Pete. One of the things that we have been talking a lot about is just capital raising, generally speaking. If you look at the first half of this year, and we're talking not about R&D capital spend by large cap pharma M&A. I mean, that's a separate bucket. But the bucket we tend to focus on a lot is on -- you mentioned the IPO market, the secondary equity offerings, pipe deals, venture capital raising. And when you look at the first half of this year, it was the strongest year dating all the way back to 2021, where at that point, we were in that virtuous cycle within the lab space. So that's certainly helping with regards to tenants looking to lease space. We have some correlation between that and our leasing pipeline increasing. On the Alumis IPO, I mean, that a great company. They are in our portfolio. Martin Babler, the CEO, was previously at Principia. We've had a long-term relationship with them. They grew from 10,000 feet to 50,000 square feet with us. And I know you like to point to the EKG on the IPO, but they have raised $500 million year-to-date, which is pretty darn strong. So we feel great about having them in our portfolio. And that's an example of a company as they raise capital, the demand for space has increased.
Peter Scott: No, I think, Wes, it's when the lease commences, right? Because when you sign a new lease, it doesn't typically commence next day, right? It commences once you finish completion of the work. So I think that's kind of hurdle number one, to getting FFO recognition. And then hurdle number two is the free rent burn off to getting to AFFO recognition or cash NOI recognized. And I'd say on average, it's probably -- for every year of lease term, it's probably around a month of free rent on a new lease deal to the extent that we're pushing pretty darn hard for 7- to 10-year terms on our new lease deals. And as you saw on the table we disclosed, we're having success achieving that. .
Peter Scott: No. I think as Scott mentioned, on our operating portfolio, we're kind of in that mid-90s occupancy perspective and we tend to be able to feel like we can hold firm at that. Really the other one for us is leasing up the vacancy outside of the operating portfolio. And as we think about next year in lab, we have about 800,000 square feet of expirations. So a lot of that is back of the year weighted. And at this point, within our pipeline, I think we feel like close to half of that is under discussions at this point in time. So more to come. And we're just entering that 12-month period for exploration. So on the balance of it, we're starting to have conversations right now. But it's a pretty manageable number and within our pipeline, a lot of it is actually spoken for already.
Peter Scott: Yeah. I think you said, second half 2024 and into 2025, maybe you meant second half 2025 and into 2026 -- excuse me, -- Vikram. Our thought on the phasing in of the full $60 million is that, it would take a couple of years to get to that stabilized $60 million of cash NOI. We still feel good about that. But that phasing in would start next year and would be spread out probably over a couple of years. Hard to get into more specifics, as we said, as these LOIs convert leases, we will provide certainly more information on it for modeling purposes. But I'd say, it's best guess today, spread out over a couple of years, starting kind of middle of next year.
Peter Scott: Yes. The other thing just to add to that, not all the sales had seller financing. Obviously, smaller portfolios or smaller asset deals, you don't necessarily need financing to get those done. And I'd say the cap rates ranged pretty much on average in the high 6s on those as well relative to the high 6s we got on the portfolio we provided seller financing on. So, just to go back to what Scott said earlier, it was really more just about certainty of close on a portfolio that large. And we've had success providing seller financing on asset sales in the past. We did pretty large amount on our senior housing sales years ago, and we have very little left within that seller financing bucket. In fact, the vast, vast majority has been paid off and we feel confident the same thing will happen here.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean most of what we're signing now is with 3% escalators. When we announced the transaction with physicians, almost a year ago at this point, we talked about the fact that their in-place escalator was a little bit lower, just given the timing of when they struck leases. A lot of them were single tenant, their blended escalator was more in the kind of low to mid-2s. Healthpeak had moved its escalator in the outpatient business up into the high 2s already. But as we sign new leases, almost everything is at 3%. So we do see our blended in-place escalator today is at about 2.5%, 2.6% in the outpatient business. Over the next few years, it will slowly climb into the high 2s, if not 3%. So yes, that should be the new normal.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean we started the year with $40 million of synergies. We're up above $45 million at this point because, in large part, the internalization has gone ahead of plan in terms of more markets than we anticipated sooner and a little bit better upside. So that's a big reason for the increase in merger synergies. But even more important to us as a leadership team is just the improvement in the platform and interaction that Healthpeak employees now have with our properties and with our health systems. I think longer term is an even bigger impact than the financial accretion. It's more than 100 people now on Healthpeak's payroll directly interacting with our team that are interacting with our tenants every day. It's just a -- I think it's a terrific change in terms of our platform capabilities. So we've got two more planned for the balance of this year, including here in Denver, which we're excited about. It's a super high-quality team that we're bringing on that's going to manage this really high-quality portfolio that we have in Denver. So we'll be at about 50% of our outpatient and lab business by year-end will be internally managed. And we've got, I don't know, 10 million to 12 million square feet next year that is not in process yet, but we should be able to execute in 2025.
Scott Brinker: Hey, Nick, it's Scott. I'll take that. I think our team is doing a fantastic job capturing market share. We've got the big footprint in all three of the core markets, but I really feel like we are capturing an outsized share of the market right now. So hats off to the team. And the footprint that we build, even when kind of the business was exploding in popularity for the last decade, we held true to our strategy, staying the core submarkets, campus model. And it's really paying off right now because having a great real estate platform and building quality is obviously a huge differentiator as well. And we like the fact that we have A+ buildings, we have B- buildings and everything in between. So that when I talk about having a pretty broad base of demand, it's in part because of that footprint. We can cater to all types of tenants, and that's a huge advantage. So we're working with credit tenants doing big deals, early renewals. We're working with Series A relative startups and everything in between. But for the most part, the leasing is tied to companies that have successful capital raises, whether it's private or public. In 2Q, it was primarily existing tenants. The pipeline is a combination and more weighted towards new leasing, which is obviously a great thing to see.
Scott Brinker: Yeah. Hey, Austin, yeah, we could have waited, but I think we were able to strike a mutually beneficial outcome, and that's the reason that we went ahead and did the early renewal. There are some TIs, but it's pretty modest. We did an 8-plus year extension on average, and the TIs are roughly one year of rent, so pretty modest or at market. So we're happy with that that outcome. But more than anything, it was just -- it was a deal we thought was favorable to the company, and we were happy to move forward with it.
Scott Brinker: Well, I mean, stock buybacks are more of a tactical move. It turned out very favorably for the company. We were trading at a pretty big discount to the value of the real estate, where were to sell assets in match fund to accretively buy back stock. We were trading at a discount to consensus NAV and our internal NAV. So just the dynamics made that easy decision. The profitability from buying back stock today is lower. But we do have a fantastic balance sheet. I mean, we finished the quarter at 5.2 times. And if you account for the sale proceeds from Uniti transaction, we're down near 5 times leverage, which on a balance sheet our size is pretty substantial dry powder. So depending on what happens with the stock, we do have the authorization to keep buying it back. It's obviously a bit less attractive today, but we still feel like we're trading at a discount to the value of our assets. When I think about an implied 7-cap today, plus or minus, and we just sold, for us, relatively low-quality outpatient medical by our standards, at a cap rate below that. So I think that's telling in terms of where the stock is trading. But I don't expect that to continue. I mean, if we continue to grow earnings signed leases and put up excellent results like we just did. I mean, our expectation is that we're going to be trading at a premium and issuing stock and growing the company. We do have big outpatient medical opportunity. We announced $50 million of new development today with one of our important partners. Core market, core system, highly pre-leased, accretive, 7.5% stabilized yield, there's a fairly big pipeline of similar projects behind that, that we could execute on and certainly have the dry powder to do so.
Scott Brinker: Yeah. So if you think about our operating portfolio in life science, we're around 95% leased. But our development -- redevelopment portfolio has a lot of opportunities. So when you include the vacancy or availability there, I mean, it's more like 1.5 million feet that we need to lease up first, and that's our priority. But if our team continues to sign leases at these big development redevelopment projects, we could consider activating our land bank. We just need to -- to get comfortable with the return on cost relative our cost of capital. But we're certainly moving closer to making decisions like that, but I wouldn't say that we're there yet, Austin.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean the renewal TIs were really low, especially given the length of term that we signed for those renewals. The new leasing, the TIs were up relative to last year, but I guess we have a different reference point. I would say they were exceptionally low last quarter, and this year, they were just a bit higher. I don't think they were outsized in any way. I mean, what, 20% to 25% of the rent is pretty modest. But each space is different. I mean that's the thing that's important to comment on. When you're looking quarter-to-quarter, it all comes down to what leases were signed, which buildings, how much work that space needed but we don't see the TIs being outsized in any way, especially considering the improvements that that were made to those buildings, should last for the next 10 to 20 years and the length of leases that we signed. So, yes, we would not characterize it as high TIs to generate the leasing volume, not at all.
Scott Brinker: Well, we got 10 years left with Calico, but I didn't see that news, but that would be a first. I mean despite what's happening in other sectors and industries moving out of higher-cost areas to lower-cost, lower-tax states, it just doesn't happen in life science, it's just the reverse. In fact, a lot of times, if a company has some promise, they need to move to one of the three core markets to find the talent, to hook up with the right venture capital firms, to have the infrastructure. What you just described, that's one in a million. The vast majority of our tenants are coming into South San Francisco, not out of it.
Scott Brinker: Yes. We continue to cycle through the pipeline. So, obviously, you don't just do a tour and sign at least the next day. I mean there's a process involved in terms of inquiry and tours and sign an LOI and then signing a lease. So, you have pretty good leading indicators, which is why we've been more positive on our pipeline. And sure enough this quarter, it's turned into reality. And I think the third quarter will be equally strong. But we continue to see good traffic in our buildings, so including the 600-plus square feet we have under LOI, 200,000 square feet of leases signed in July alone. That's awfully strong.
Scott Brinker: That's correct. Although last night, we did sign a lease at one of our development projects. So yeah, that's always good, I guess. We thought we had the most up-to-date information, but we did sign, convert one of those LOIs to a lease last night at one of our development projects. So it's great progress.
Scott Brinker: Yeah, Rich, we did that on purpose so that we don't have those types of conversations. But it was a mix of portfolio, I'd say it was weighted towards legacy physicians, probably obviously given a lot of CommonSpirit was in that portfolio. But it was a mix.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean the market is opening up. I would still say it's pretty slow. I mean volumes are way off their historical norms, but starting to pick up. There's still a lot of volatility in interest rates, which is a key driver of transaction volume, certainly in the private market. We were happy with the pricing that we got, high six cap for the asset quality that we sold. And I think if we were to acquire anything, it would be higher quality assets in our current stock price. Although improved is not yet where we would be out acquiring stabilized product, but we're getting closer. And certainly, if our cost of capital supported it, there'd be a significant pipeline just given the depth of the relationships that the key people here have across the health system environment. So that's obviously something that we think will happen in time. It's just a matter of when. In terms of life science, very little stabilized product is available. But there's certainly signs of distress. It seems like it always takes longer to play out than you might think. The vast majority is probably not interesting to us for the reason I mentioned, that we purposely did not go outside of our core market or do a bunch of conversions. But there's a handful that we're keeping a close eye on that would be very interesting to us, but there has not been capitulation to date. But remember, as I said, it always takes longer to play out than you think. So we now have the flexibility to pursue things like that when and if they become available.
Scott Brinker: Yes, it's pretty simple, just certainty of execution. It's a transaction that the team has been working on for several months, if not a few quarters. And despite a lot of volatility, the buyer didn't retreat us on price and we can retreat them on the terms of the seller financing. We're comfortable with it. It's a very low LTV, relatively short-term. So there's clarity and certainty on getting the balance of the proceeds back over the next two to four years, if not sooner. But there really just isn't a financing market for something that large. So it was pretty simple. If we wanted to do a big execution on a sale, we really had no choice in a market like this, but to do the financing.
Scott Brinker: Yes. We do see deceleration of CCRCs in the second half of the year just because you're not going to continue at a 20%-plus clip. So if there's any deceleration, it's just within CCRCs. And we're seeing acceleration in the other two segments. I would say that year-to-date, we're right around 4.5%. The upside of our guidance is 4.25% from a same-store perspective. And if I were just to focus on FFO, I think year-to-date, we're right around $0.90. That annualizes to $1.80, right? So you're sort of trending towards the higher end of our guidance ranges. We still have two more quarters to go. So we're not going to take it all the way to max to the middle of the year. There is maybe a little bit of conservatism in that. But again, we feel great about what we've done year-to-date. Remember, we did raise our guidance $0.02 each in the first quarter, FFO and AFFO, and $0.01 each again this quarter and the second quarter. So we're off to a great start. We had a great quarter. And for trending to the high end, that's great.
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean, even the $850 million that we just did, I would characterize as mostly just opportunistic. They're perfectly fine assets. They were performing. We're matching them well. But they were, by our standards, relatively low quality. And to my point earlier, usually when you fine-tune the portfolio, it's dilutive. This environment just gave us a unique opportunity to fine-tune the portfolio in an accretive way and increase the growth profile of what's remaining. So how much of that is left side's pretty modest, but a lot of it depends on where we're trading. So I mean we could sell -- there's a lot of interest in our remaining assets, but hopefully, that's not the environment that we're in. I think we have a very high-quality portfolio across the three segments that should produce stable, strong growth at the high end of the peer group for years to come.
Scott Brinker: Yes, refinance. I mean there's a maturity date on these loans that they will have to repay, refinance the loans by that date, if not sooner.
Scott Brinker: It just would be misleading. I mean, we could give you that information, but sometimes you're doing pretty significant TIs or changing the use of the buildings that I think it would be misleading. I don't think there'll be a material difference, but you have even more volatility quarter-to-quarter depending upon which space. Meaning somebody could be paying $5 in a 25-year-old space, and you put a bunch of money into it and it's almost brand new, and now they're paying $7. Well, is that really a 30% mark-to-market whatever the number is? It's kind of misleading. So, we choose to just go with re-leasing spread on renewals.
Scott Brinker: For the lab business. Yes, if anything -- yes, it should be. I mean our mark-to-market across the portfolio is in the high single-digits. That's not hard to do that number with precision. But that's where we're at, best estimate across the entire portfolio, just acknowledging that it bounces around quarter-to-quarter. But the 6% is good, but it's below the average throughout the portfolio.
Scott Brinker: Yes, I mean we didn't shop the deal. This was a direct negotiations. So, there really isn't even an answer to that question. These are just the terms that were discussed from day one. There's not exactly a deep market of loans of this size in the outpatient medical business in recent years. So, yes, not a great comp.
Scott Brinker: I think if you look at our tenancy, about 69% is the hospital. So, we don't see a lot of difference there. I mean it's basically where are we at in the market, how much demand is. A lot of times, what's interesting is if we've got a new MOB on a campus that helps drive rents a little higher. Most of the mark-to-market increases we saw this quarter were in Nashville. We do have a couple of new buildings in Nashville, so that's been driving things. But we had 13 leases that had anywhere from 11% to 32% mark-to-markets this quarter, and that drove the overall average up. Absent that, we'd probably be still at the upper range of about 3% to 4% number, but in the upper 3s.
Scott Brinker: Yes. Thank you for joining today, everyone, and thanks again to our team for an incredible quarter. So enjoy the weekend. Take care.
