Jeff Theiler: Thank you, John. In the third quarter of 2016 the company generated funds from operations of $33.5 million or $0.24 per share. Our normalized funds from operations was $37 million. Normalized funds from operations per share was $0.27 and our normalized funds available for distribution were $32.9 million or $0.24 per share. In this quarter we closed on $177 million of investments at an average cap rate of 6.8%. Had we acquired all of these assets at the beginning of the quarter they would have contributed an additional $1.9 million of cash NOI.  With the closings of Spring Ridge MOB, Gig Harbor Medical Pavilion and Midlands One Professional Center this quarter we now have just two properties remaining to close in the CHI portfolio. We are pleased with the volume and quality of investment opportunities our team continues to source and as a result we are comfortable raising and tightening our previous acquisition guidance of $1.0 billion to $1.25 billion for the full year 2016 to a revised guidance of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion of investments for 2016.  On the operations side, our same-store portfolio which includes every asset that we have owned for a full 15 months period generated year over year NOI growth of 1% with no change in occupancy. Our same-store portfolio currently encompasses 48% of our total portfolio and NOI growth can be volatile from quarter to quarter. We expect to be able to achieve 2% to 3% year over year same store NOI growth on average. So our third quarter result is below our target range.  There were two primary factors that influenced this result. The first was an operational issue relating to the continuing impact of the early 2016 move-outs we saw at our Peachtree Dunwoody building in Atlanta, which reduced our same store NOI growth by 60 basis points this quarter. The good news is that of the 18,000 feet of leases that expire this year at Peachtree Dunwoody, about 12,500 feet has already been re-leased at significantly higher rates. Tenants take occupancy in this space at the end of the year. So we should see the positive impacts from that starting in the first quarter of 2017. The second factor impacting our same store NOI growth specifically this quarter was a one-time accounting related adjustment. We booked a property tax credit for our Columbus Georgia asset in the third quarter of 2015 which led to a $0.2 million increase in property expense for the comparable period this year, resulting in an 80 basis points negative impact to our same store NOI. Turning to financing. In August we drew the seven year $250 million term loan from our $1.1 billion credit facility, which based interest at a rate of LIBOR plus 180 basis points. We entered into a swap arrangement with our banks to fix our annual payments at a rate of 2.87% for seven years. We also issued a $75 million private debt placement that was split into three equal tranches that were 9, 10 and 11 years. The weighted average interest rate on this financing was 4.17%.  From an overall balance sheet perspective we ended the quarter in excellent shape with debt to total capitalization around 20% and net debt to adjusted EBITDA of 4.3 times. We also implemented a $300 million ATM program in August which provides additional flexibility for us with respect to issuing equity. The program replaced our previous $150 million ATM program that we terminated earlier this year. We have not issued any shares through our new ATM program.  Finally our G&A for the quarter was $4.9 million bringing the nine month total to just under $14 million. We remain on track with our previously announced G&A guidance of $19 million to $21 million for the year.  With that, I will turn it back over to John.
Jeff Theiler: Thanks. Great question, we have one building that’s leased a CYH hospital down in the villages in Florida. In fact, it’s an outstanding newer medical office building. They actually paid rent early and have been pretty routinely early into that facility so we have a very positive relationship with CYH but generally it’s not a very large exposure financially.  Now they really are final organization, a great relationships there. They have great hospitals that perform very well, they've had tough time last year -- in the last year but several of our hospitals. So again like any large national system they've got some hugely successful hospitals and some that are not performing as well. So this is -- actual size of that building is 28,000 square feet, so we get 10.5 million square feet today, less than one percent – actually less than even half a percent of the portfolio. Okay, again but it performs well, it’s on those great Florida locations, or the parking lot is striped and for golf carts versus cars. 
Jeff Theiler: I'll start with the same store and I will turn over to Mark for the releasing spreads. But certainly on the same store we target to 3%, we talked about that a lot. It came in underneath that that level this quarter and so we really we want to make sure we understand why part of it. We talked about the last two quarters which is the Peachtree Dunwoody move-outs. I mean that problem is solving itself -- I think it's resolving itself very well actually and one of the advantages of having that that great building is that you have a lot of tenant demand for that space. That was a temporary blip but it takes a little bit of time to lease that space up. By the beginning next year we should be in great shape there.  And then the other item was an accounting adjustment and that's going to happen from time to time and agreed our portfolio is getting bigger at 48% of the overall in terms of the same store bucket. But still it’s surprising and even property tax adjustments on one building can make insignificant difference in NOI. So we feel really good that we'll be back in the 2%, 3% range here shortly and continue on that pace. In terms of renewal spreads, I am going to turn over to Mark.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah, I mean some of the expenses again was that property tax adjustment that showed up the big increase, the same store so that through that off a little bit or a lot I should say. We think expenses will moderate from that 7% level back to something more in line with the rental growth.
Jeff Theiler: Yeah, I mean I think just in general our G&A was higher than our desired run rate starting the company -- over three years old. So we always had to build an infrastructure to support a company that we thought could grow and grow significantly over a long period of time. So as the company matures and as we continue to add more assets and gain more efficiencies I think you will continue to see that G&A ticked down either as a percent of assets or percent of NOI or whichever metric you want to look at. 
Jeff Theiler: You know, Jonathan, like you once did, every once in a while we look at California because that’s such a big state and big population but then declined to invest there. So we'll be there at some point, we really like the Seattle market and got a big program there through CHI but we think some assets recently in California just passed kind of our underwriting standards so. Again big state, big population so we mentioned they're going to help with what's going on with them and potentially with CHI, that may create an opportunity for us with them there. So like I said we're in 30 states today and there's really no state we won't go to in the right underwriting standards.
Jeff Theiler: We underwrite the effect of the ground lease, most ground leases are with hospitals, most ground leases are there's about the hospital controlling, kind of use of the building. So again it’s really a case by case scenario. John, we have 50 ground leased there so.
John Thomas: Yes, so the great news is as expected. This is the final reg which provided some additional detail and clarity to the proposed reg which for an off-campus medical office facility that is leased by a hospital and the hospital uses that space for a hospital outpatient department that was in existence and they were billing as an house allowed patient department [ph] in their space as of November 2, 2016. And that hospital can continue to bill at higher reimbursement rates under the old Medicare regime for possible out-patient departments are off campus, bringing new facilities going forward, they can't built at that higher rate, in fact in some cases it’s substantially lower, if they open up at a new hospital outpatient apartment off the campus with the hospital. So the really big deal and what finalized the reg yesterday which is -- those grandfathered locations and we own about we think 53 of our medical office buildings, are what are called grandfather 603 assets. What the final ruling said yesterday is if the hospital moves out of that building in the future, in other words, they don't renew their lease, unless they move back to the hospital campus they will lose that higher reimbursement rate.  So for us as landlord obviously we’re always working with our hospital partners and expect them to stay in our buildings forever. But this led to an extraordinarily sticky building with the landlord in an important development. And again if they move out of their location because they don't like the lease, they don't like the rent, they don’t like us, they'll lose those benefits. So again we expect to retain those hospitals regardless but very positive development and the final rule again solidifies the importance of that grandfather status to us.
John Thomas: So cap rates have continued to stay for kind of the best in class assets, and general top markets has stayed around 6% for best in class assets, and we're still finding a lot of nice opportunity between 6% and 7% in some of the Boston market or California markets you might go below 6%. We haven't seen much change in that really this year and in the near term don’t have a real expectation of the change in that range. As far as kind of our pace of growth next year, again very much capital markets dependent. We will issue guidance on acquisition guidance in February in our next earnings call. But generally we expect to be able to source, underwrite and close $200 million, $250 million a quarter. But again much of that for the future right now as a relative is the capital markets are open and we can source and acquire that that kind of volume.
John Thomas: And just to add, Landon, on that Peachtree Dunwoody space that we have new tenants, those releasing spreads are actually up 14%.
John Thomas: Landon, one thing, you asked about any other problems. We don't see any problems with any of our major tenants that, the all tax as we talk about the ports we have one -- we have three all-tax leased to one provider life care which really does an outstanding job but as we've mentioned before they're going through a change in reimbursement structure this year with criteria going into effect. So their EBITDAR coverage is down slightly but that was expected and again they’re performing very well. And I also noticed in light of other news the last twenty four hours we don't have any exposure to Adeptus and we don't have any exposure to freestanding emergency departments at all. So it's been an asset class that we've been monitoring but have not invested in.
John Thomas: And most consistent buyers we bump into these days are private equity -- private buyers, we don't see -- some of them may be getting capital from foreign investment, but we don’t see any direct foreign investment, there is an RFP class at all, I think there's growing interest by sovereign wealth and other foreign pension plans if you will, pension funds. But that's where the competition is coming from. We've seen a little uptick in activity from other health care needs but again so much of our business off market, we don't bump in anybody in that context. 
John Thomas: 55 – yes, 56 ground leases. The new accounting standards requires to record those I guess differently now and there's more disclosure about the ground leases that in the end we’re going to work at hospitals or you’re going to have deal with ground leases. We're very comfortable that all of ours is long term and the issues around restrictions are things we get comfortable with the hospital, lot of the CHI controlled ground leases. It’s hard to say we underwrite it differently. Obviously it’s always nice to have a piece of the deal. But I wouldn’t say that they drive the major cap rate, this is a general rule cap rate differential. 
John Thomas: It’s adept over use of subscription versus than going on for a long period of time. We actually own a few additions, bought kind of in partnership with physicians and then rehab for them and it's really a nice cost effective way to access points at existing locations. We are working with a hospital system today to acquire a meaningful portion of a Class A kind of retail location that we are acquiring with them the physical building. So I won't say it's a threat. I think supply across our space and in our top ten markets we're just looking at this data. And I think in any market we have the 2% or more of new supply coming online and in some of that supply we already have our hooks into the developer -- working with the developer, have some long term opportunity to acquire that. So just on seeing real supply risk right now in our markets. 
John Thomas: Historically off campus assets have attracted less investors, has discovered the bias for kind of the on-campus off-campus bias. I talked a lot about that you know historically, so we haven’t really seen a major impact on cap rates. And in theory it should. These are very strong as we talk about, and we’re really excited about the 53 we have and the prospects at least from not only renewing the lease but getting kind of top of the market rental rates out of the strength of our position and the hospitals need to stay there. So over time I think as more and more people find the advantages to the off-campus locations, you’d see something there and 603 would be an important factor.
John Thomas: Fairly small number right now, we got a couple of deals where the doctors have asked about -- I mean we actually had a seller reach out to us just directly asking us to evaluate purchasing their building in an OP Unit context. So it hasn't been as active as it was early in our life. Hey, interestingly many of the acquisitions we just completed was actually a 368 reverse triangular corporate merger, this doctor group owned a really nice building in an S-corp and for several reasons in context they wanted OPUs but this worked out even better where we can just use our straight public shares and do a stock for stock merger. So in fact, the same kind of capital for an OP deal but it's actually using our public shares and doesn’t affect a partnership. 
John Thomas: John, great question. So we routinely say and we don't think anything changing this as of today which is we’re going to build and find again and source and underwrite and close 200 million, 250 million a quarter. We don't see anything today that would change that at the same time we're not issuing that as formal guidance for next year. I think the biggest qualifier to that is whether the capital markets are open and not. So I guess in August we will provide some formal guidance for the year but as we sit here today I wouldn’t think of being consistent with that expectation. 
John Thomas: John, I think the ATM is a great tool to use in conjunction with follow-on offerings. So it's something that we evaluate every quarter, we look at where our stock price is both on an absolute basis and where we think it is relative to our competitors and decide whether that's something -- we will also obviously look at our balance sheet and any kind of use of the capital we have coming up. We put all those factors together and then make a decision as to whether or not to issue equity and then from that we make the decision whether or not we think the ATM is a better use or better means of issuing equity or follow-on offering. So that's kind of what all goes into the mix and we evaluate that quarter to quarter.
John Thomas: There’s probably been some volume uptick because of the uptick in interest rates and people trying to capture this kind of the current cap rate environment. I think that offset -- the interest rate changes is offset by the kind of more and more capital coming into the space and pressuring supply and demand and dollars looking for assets. But we haven’t seen anybody rush for capturing tax benefits before the first of the year. Nothing like that. So that may change but don't expect it.
John Thomas: As you know, there was 3 to 3.5 years where certain people in the room were involved in creating that portfolio. So if they were assets that we wanted, when we asked about them and exclude others.  End of Q&A
John Thomas: Again thank you for joining the call this morning. It was an outstanding quarter and as we look to closing out an outstanding year and going into next year, we look forward to seeing everybody at NAREIT and give us a call if you haven’t gotten on our schedule yet. Thank you again.
