James Flaherty: Thank you, John. Welcome to HCP's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen. We will start off with a review of the results we released earlier this morning. And for that, I turn the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: I think the answer is yes. In fact, you already saw that in the first quarter when you've got a business platform that has 90% of its admissions coming from discharges from acute care hospitals and discharges from acute care hospitals were reported to be uniformly down and weak across the sector yet you've got admissions and census and revenues up year-over-year, that's exactly what's starting to happen. So what you've got here is a business model that starts with a significant competitive advantage, that being that it's the low-cost setting in the post-acute space. Through an awful lot of hard work post the RUGs-IV modification back at the end of 2011, HCR has rightsized their cost structure. So now what we've got here -- and the challenge here is going to be revenues. And looking beyond just quarter-to-quarter, you're seeing some significant opportunities develop. We've obviously got those that'll come out of the Affordable Care Act. You've got the bundling, you mentioned the test pilot that HCR was the exclusive partner selected by UnitedHealth on the post-acute bundling project. You've got the potential -- there's been some discussion in Congress about moving to site neutral. So you've got a lot of things that are starting to be talked about and will, in fact, result in lower cost to the payer. And that's where you're going to see HCR disproportionately benefit given their business model. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think you've seen just smatterings. Remember, the project -- the CMS-mandated project with UnitedHealth, I mean that in and of itself is being tested just in the 3 large markets that UnitedHealth and HCR overlap. So what's happening right now is you've got the beginning, as I've said on the prior call, the true elements of health care reform starting to be put in place in the marketplace. And you're going to see alliances, you're going to see risk-based sharing, you'll see these bundled payment programs, you'll see -- eventually you'll see site-neutral opportunities. And that's going to be the real -- the real play here for HCR is a revenue play over the next couple of years as these other programs -- as these new programs get put in place. But in the meantime, HCR, given their visibility in the space and given the test pilots that they're working with with their partners, they've already positioned their business model for that opportunity. So you'll see continued -- you'll see this revenue growth disproportionately drop into earnings over the next couple of years given the cost structure that's been put in place. 
James Flaherty: Yes. Early in the quarter, we sold our position in Brookdale, and that's what gave rise to the gain that Tim communicated. 
James Flaherty: We think making money for our shareholders is among the most interesting things we do. So if you look at the types of investments that will fall into this bucket, nontraditional triple-net real estate sort of acquisitions, you've seen us in the Genesis debt, the HCA debt, you've seen us initially at our senior housing joint venture where we subsequently took out the institutional partner. And here again, when we go into these sorts of -- this basket of opportunities, we're looking for "heads we win, tails we win" sort of outcomes. So here, we were able to realize an attractive return for our shareholders. We're also able to make some additional progress on the monetization of the nonstabilized portion which is quite small, less than 5%, but every dollar counts. The nonstabilized portion of our investment portfolio that we are moving into stabilization, you'll see -- on that point, you'll see us -- I suspect you'll see us make further progress during the course of the year. In particular, I think it's likely that we'll be out of the entire legacy Delphis loan position by the end of the year. So we're -- again, we're making good progress on all these fronts. So that's what I would say about the exit on that sale, Nic. 
James Flaherty: Yes, again, we're somewhat -- I think there's a lot on that page and obviously the opportunity to do that would be as you approach the lease renewal date, so -- but again, it's what we've tried to communicate here is that, a, that the triple-net portfolio as a percent of our total investment portfolio is massive as a percentage basis. I think Tim quoted that it's 85%. Number two, as you can see depicted here, now you're not seeing the triple-net portfolio here for either the life science or the Medical Office Building sectors. This is just the senior housing, post-acute and hospitals. And as you can see here, the coverages are good. The corporate guarantees are good. These are creditworthy tenants that are behind these corporate guarantees. And by and large, the remaining lease term is significant. So it's a nice package that really speaks to the safety side of the safety and growth business model that HCP enjoys. 
James Flaherty: We talk about all of our leases with all of our operators constantly. I think you should take the hot zone, lower left portion of that graph, to be an indicator of maybe a watch list sort of a moniker, if you will, where you've got -- if you've got a portfolio, fortunately we don't have any in or relatively speaking near that hot zone, if you've got a portfolio where you've got below 1.0 coverage with, say, a less than creditworthy counterparty and you're inside, say, 18, 24 months of lease term, you're going to have -- you're going to be having a different asset management protocol than you'd be having for a lot of the others on that page. 
James Flaherty: The play here, Jeff, will be HCR gaining share and bringing in incremental revenues because of what gets changed with CMS and quite frankly what gets changed in the marketplace with the large managed care payers and things like that. That'll drive the upside from this point. That'll drive the increased valuation in our OpCo investment. 
James Flaherty: Well, Michael, as you know, we don't really comment on prospective events. But I will say that we obviously have a business model that's arrayed across 5 property sectors: hospitals, post-acute, senior housing, medical office and life science and up and down prospective counterparties, capital structures with the fee simple ownership in real estate development, mezz debt, the opportunity to do joint ventures and RIDEA. And I'd tell you that as I'd mentioned on the last quarter, I think the thing that's different right now and that's continued as we've moved into the, I guess, we're 1/3 of the way through 2013, I think the thing that's different is the breadth of the opportunities. I mean, you can light up -- I'd say you could probably light up, if there's 25 boxes in that 5x5 business model, I think you'd probably light up about 80%, 80-plus percent of them in terms of where there's opportunities that are in discussion. And that is different than in years past where it might have been more limited to, say, 1/3 of the business model. So that's the thing that's different and obviously quite interesting. 
James Flaherty: No, I don't think so. I think it's just the opposite. I think they were pushed into -- I think -- my guess is you'll see a pretty active 2013 from this point on, by the way, from our standpoint, both on the acquisition side but also on capital market side. I think what happened was with all the election in November and then you had -- immediately after you got the election behind us, which was a somewhat more contentious election than normal elections, then you ran into the whole fiscal cliff stuff. And I just think you had kind of gridlock there for quite a while. And now people are starting to come out of it. It's not like it's off to the races time. But I think you're getting to the point where through price discovery and access to the capital markets, I think there's -- there's some -- you're starting to see some meaningful interaction between prospective counterparties as it relates to incremental transactions. 
James Flaherty: No, I'd characterize it as being different from a standpoint that we've got multiple opportunities in both those buckets, if you will. That's the thing that's different. It's very comprehensive in terms of the property type, the product type, the size, the prospective sellers. It's much more varied and deep as opposed to a couple one-off situations. So that's really the thing that's different now than in years past. 
James Flaherty: We always -- our business model is such that we always triangulate in on 3 or 4 key metrics. It starts with where you are on a price-per-pound basis versus replacement costs, Ross. So that's an important element. Accretion, and again we always talk about accretion to FAD because FAD is what gives source to an ever-rising dividend stream, which keeps us positioned as the only REIT in the world on the Dividend Aristocrat list. We're going to look at unlevered returns. And then we're going to look at spreads to our weighted average cost of capital. And importantly there, by the way, Ross, we look at, and this is something that we've kind of got written in stone or blood with the rating agencies, we look at all of our prospective investments on the basis of our targeted long-term capital structure, 40 parts debt, 60 parts equity. Now that 40 parts debt, we don't put any floating rate debt in there at all. That 40% debt is all 10-year unsecured debt. And then for the 60 parts that are equity, not only do we put the yield in there, but we put the growth rate that we have in our business model for the next 3 years. So for something to -- for an opportunity to clear the bar, it's got to clear that fully loaded weighted average cost of capital calculation. It's got to be additive not to earnings this year but additive to the growth rate in earnings that we've already got locked in. And so that's [indiscernible] how we look at making our investment decisions. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think if you can opportunistically buy some senior housing assets in here, I think that's interesting. I think you're seeing that play out on our RIDEA joint venture portfolio right now where we're seeing outsized growth in terms of the occupancy in that portfolio since the period of time we bought out the 75% institutional partner. I think you're seeing outsized growth on the lease-up component of our Blackstone JV, which you will recall was about 1/3 of what we bought. So those 2 specific portfolios, which I called out in my script, I mean, you're seeing much more than a kind of a normal sort of course improvement in occupancy and cash flows. So to the extent we could source some more of those, that would be very interesting. To the extent there were some opportunities to kind of have another, what I'd call, "heads we win, tails we win" sort of situation where maybe because of some disruption in our company's capital structure where there's a debt maturity but there's some underlying real estate value, I think those are very interesting opportunities right now, Ross. 
James Flaherty: No, in fact our mark-to-markets there are trending a little bit higher. I do, and this isn't anything that's reflected in our financials, but we increasingly hear about and are seeing a greater involvement from the hospital itself whether they're buying out the physician practices or what. So that's a trend that seems to be continuing. 
James Flaherty: That is still the plan. There's a possibility that, that might get accelerated a little bit but that is still the base plan. We have not changed the guidance from our base plan. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think you weren't with us at that time we did that so let me just give you a little background. This was a portfolio that historically Horizon Bay had managed for us and we had the opportunity to do 2 things. We had the opportunity to move that portfolio from Horizon Bay and then we had the opportunity to buy out our institutional partner because at that time we only owned, I think, 25% of the actual real estate. So when we looked at these opportunities that presented themselves about 2 years ago, we thought there was upside in the portfolio, which historically had been largely an independent living portfolio, Jack. We thought there was some upside in the portfolio on a number of fronts, most notably if we were to introduce a quality senior housing operator that had kind of an ancillary revenue business model and increase the cash flow of the properties that way. Now in order to do that, we also recognized we had to put some CapEx into it. So it was kind of a multi-dimension thought process of buy out the venture partner, invest some CapEx in the portfolio and then migrate that to an operator that had the ancillary revenue capability in their business platform. So we effected all that back in the fall of 2011. At the time we did that, we said we thought this was going to be 18 to 24 months before Brookdale was -- had their arms around the portfolio. I mean, they had geographic overlaps, which was one of the critical reasons why we decided to go with Brookdale, but we thought it'd be 18 months to get them to totally check out the communities, assess what the opportunities were for the residents that were there, build in the ancillary revenue platform and have the CapEx additions take place. Well, in fact, I would suggest to you, given the progress that we reported this morning, we're at the short end on the 18- to 24-month time frame. So we're feeling pretty good about that and we suspect that these outsized trends will continue. Relative to your comment on flu, there's really no material impact on this particular portfolio, given the most recently completed flu season. 
James Flaherty: Well, let me take the last one first. In my formal remarks, I commented on the unstabilized portion of the Emeritus portfolio. I mentioned that -- remember, of the total acquisition that we closed on in October, 1/3 of the portfolio was unstabilized or what -- the term we use was a lease-up, Jack. And in my prepared remarks this morning, I mentioned that, that 1/3 of the portfolio had, had occupancy gains of 250 basis points in the 4 months or so that have transpired since we closed that. Now, to go back to your first question, I think you were asking about -- I don't think we've communicated to the public a year-end occupancy metric for the RIDEA JV portfolio so I'll have to remain quiet on that. 
James Flaherty: Unlikely. I think harvesting the gains is not the unlikely part. I think the way we may affect -- Pete and his team over there are really good and we are certainly desirous of using our capital to increase the size of his operating platform. And so I think working with Pete and his team in the private equity firm there, I think the opportunity to first create and then subsequently harvest additional gains for HCP we see as quite attractive and quite likely, but it won't be because we're liquidating the existing position. It's likely that we'll add accretively to the position in the form of being a capital partner to that partner. 
James Flaherty: Yes, but also perhaps helping Four Seasons to facilitate some bolt-on acquisitions or expansion of their business platform. 
James Flaherty: Yes, I'm talking about the 1 -- low 1.3 is I think is what I said. That would be normalized for reducing the noncash GL/PL charge that they took in the fourth quarter. So it would be -- if apples to apples to apples, it would be equivalent to what I think Paul quoted as being 1.28 today. 
James Flaherty: Well, Elmer Fudd, everything has got its own little story, some of it is private equity kind of decision-making processes, some of it is more of a public company governance process, some of it might be a particular debt maturity that's got a maturity date. I mean, the trigger points are different in each situation, so I don't think you can really -- you can't say that they're all -- I mean, to be trite, I'd say, well, we haven't been able to come to an agreement on price, but I think there's other things that act -- that go into that and they're each quite unique, situation to situation. 
James Flaherty: There are, but I guess my point is there are, but it's not one single thing. They're all unique to that particular deal dynamic. 
James Flaherty: Oh, right. I think what I also said, though, was I also referenced the lease-up component of the Blackstone acquisition we did in the fourth quarter, which, as you know, was a triple-net lease structure. Now that comment related more towards the ability to create an entry point in a senior housing opportunity properly structured, properly valued, properly CapEx. That was really what that one -- that was not a comment relative to triple-net versus RIDEA. We looked at that -- that's part of our normal arsenal. So we look at that execution real time in senior housing. And there, as you know, the determinant is we look at the risk-adjusted returns for the triple-net lease execution versus the RIDEA. And assuming we have a premium to compensate us for the cash flow uncertainty and the CapEx lability, we're delighted to proceed with the RIDEA structure. 
James Flaherty: Well, for starters, as you know, in the lease, HCR is required to invest a minimum amount of CapEx in the portfolio. Our real estate, plus or minus, that's about $50 million a year, Rich. Last year, they invested $100 million, so 2x that. I think you'll see something similar in terms of a proportion in 2013 to what you saw in 2012. So again, it really kind of goes to the bigger issue of what the opportunity is that I was discussing with Nic. I mean, you've got a company now who's got its business model structured from a cost standpoint for what will be a very substantial market share gain that occurs in the next couple of years, which takes advantage of the fact that it's the lowest cost setting in that post-acute space and that post-acute space is going to have some very substantial changes in reimbursement protocols, risk sharing with acute care hospital operators, risk sharing with managed care companies, things of that state. So this is a revenue play here in the next couple of years, not so much of a cost. They've got the cost situation sorted out. Now, that said, today, we're at the fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.3x. We're -- after CapEx, we're at 1.15x. So that's certainly not below 1. But I think you'll see lift here -- you'll see directional lift in '13 but I think you'll see the major significant improvement start to occur in '14 and '15 as these other elements of marketplace-driven health care reform start to happen. 
James Flaherty: Well, I mean, it'll be lower. But again, we've got -- remember that you're looking just at the property. These properties were used for much more than the revenues. You've got a whole host of other revenue streams here, hospice and home health and a number of other, that these properties that we own are facilitating, which is one of the reasons why we passionately believe the right metric to look at is the overall corporate... 
James Flaherty: This isn't going to be a good conversation if you print it in black and white. You've got to get the green and the red, but... 
James Flaherty: Yes, you'll see this portfolio position kind of looks like somewhere between the 12- and 13-year mark on the x-axis and definitely in the green on the y-axis. 
James Flaherty: Well, it's not admitted, it's not in the same-store calculation. I think Paul took you through our philosophy on that at the beginning of his remarks. So we won't have that in there. You've seen -- overall, you've seen modest lift on our coverage. But again, we've got through -- you probably got 4.5 months worth of actual data. So we're ahead of our underwriting, that's what I said in my formal comments. That's absolutely the case, and we've had a nice improvement on the lease-up portion, which is about 1/3 of the portfolio. 
James Flaherty: We look at that. I mean, we look at that and then we look at the ones that are at the 1.4, 1.5 and shift those over to RIDEA, right? I mean, we're looking to drive increases in cash flow so we've got to -- and again, this isn't a conversation that's unique to Brookdale by any means. I think people sometimes get a little overly fixated with coverage ratios, particularly as they escalate higher and higher and higher. Those are -- that gap between a 1.0 and a higher coverage is cash flow that's not going to the landlords. It's cash flow that's going to the operator. 
James Flaherty: Well, there's always stuff percolating. But you'll recall -- but let's take a giant step back and let's look at that question, which is a very interesting question over a span of, say, 6 or 7 years. So 6 or 7 years ago, ourselves and our peers, we competed with a lot of private equity firms for opportunities. Today, you don't really see us -- and this isn't today, it's the last couple of years. You really haven't seen us competing with private equity firms for deals because our cost of capital has improved significantly relative to their cost of capital. So in other words, the LP investors that are committing to those private equity funds, they're still looking for whatever they're looking for. It's probably 20% kind of plus whereas we've been able to benefit with the improving balance sheets in the sector, which has given rise to improved higher credit ratings and with the present 0 interest policy on the part of the federal government, you could add material increases in your cost of capital. So the -- what a prospective joint venture party today brings, say, to HCP versus, say, 7 years ago when the fellow across the table from me, Tim Schoen, was running that platform and we had $2.5 billion of assets under management for which we owned approximately 20% in institutional pension funds who were pension funds of AA and AAA-rated companies had a lower cost of capital, that paradigm has gone upside down. So we now have the lower cost of capital. So for us to do a joint venture at this point, it would be not having anything to do with really the decisions that we were -- the inputs to the decisions we were making 7 years ago, which was cost of capital. Today, it would be -- maybe there's something in that portfolio that they'd like to, I don't know, monetize some of it but not all of it or there'd have to be a different strategic element at this point in order for us to move forward on a joint venture. I think that's a long answer, but I think that would be my reaction to your question. 
James Flaherty: Yes, we announced -- on the last call in February, Todd, we'd mentioned that they had purchase options that were in the zone where they had to notify us as to whether they were going to renew or purchase. They did that shortly after our February call. And as Paul mentioned, those purchase options are subject to a fair market value valuation and that they would close -- they would be effective February 2014. 
James Flaherty: No, we just got their intention for them to exercise the purchase option. So these are 3 hospitals that collectively have an EBITDAR cash flow coverage of 4.7x and generate annual rents to HCP of about $23 million or 1% of HCP's revenue. You can see, at that sort of coverage ratio, that would imply low market rents. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think the surprise is that we're the only, I guess, us and Universal Health REIT, are the only 2 health care REITs that have -- actually, MTW does as well, acute care. Acute care hospitals, not LTACHs, not rehabs and things like that. We've got these 3 hospitals of Tenet that cash flow quite well. We've got our magnificent Medical City Dallas campus that I think you've been to and then we've got Hoag Hospital down in Irvine. So it's actually the opposite. It's the surprise that they're not on the balance sheet to the hospital. Historically, hospitals have wanted to own their, what they call, the strategic assets, which is their hospitals. And depending on lots of considerations, the nature of the counterparty, what their balance sheets look like, they will look to monetize the nonstrategic portions of their campuses, which typically tend to be medical office buildings or clinics and things like that. So it's really -- if anything, I would say that Tenet's decision to reacquire these 3 hospitals would be more consistent with the traditional view of real estate from a standpoint of acute care hospital operators. 
James Flaherty: The only other one is, again, what we talked about on the last call, HealthSouth has exercised a purchase option on a rehab hospital down in San Antonio and Paul described that on our previous call. So that's it for purchase options for 2013. 
James Flaherty: There's been a little bit of a mix shift, but other than that, I don't think there's anything beyond that. I wouldn't expect that quality of mix to move much from this metric right now. 
James Flaherty: No. The answer to that question is no. We look at, as I said on a -- in response to an earlier call, we look at everything on kind of 4 critical metrics valuation relative to replacement cost, FAD accretion, unlevered returns and spread over weighted average cost of capital. 
James Flaherty: Well, we certainly -- we evaluate that. As you recall, I was up with Paul last month up in the Bay area where we've got some extremely low cap rate valuation assets. But again, we would look at that relative to what we've got in those particular situations. Those are long-dated leases with very, very, very substantial creditworthy counterparties behind them, in this case Google and LinkedIn, with very attractive escalators. So to the extent that, that just becomes a math exercise, at a valuation that, that makes sense. But absent that valuation, we're better off using that to further buttress an attractive increasing dividend stream with a fair amount of stability and safety built into it. 
James Flaherty: Well, I think we're doing that. We have -- we referred to it as our nonstabilized portion of our portfolio, Jordan. So we are definitely looking to reduce that -- that component of our investment portfolio. It's less than 5% and I think the next candidate you could see in that bucket will be the legacy Delphis loan that we inherited when we bought CNL. We're making very good -- the team's making very good progress on that going away. 
James Flaherty: Well, we look at all of them all the time and the reality is given the discussion we just had on the purchase options in the acute care hospital space, absent some incremental activity, you'll see the hospital component of our overall portfolio decline. So you'll see the nonstabilized portion of our investment portfolio decline. But it's all kind of within that 5x5 model. Wherever we think we can extract value for our shareholders, that's what we'll do. 
James Flaherty: Thank you, everyone. We have a good start to spring for those of you who haven't seen it yet, and we'll see you at NAREIT. Take care, and thank you for your interest in HCP. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes. In all those pools that are below 1, they are -- have a corporate guarantee. They have a long term associated with them. And the underlying properties in those pools are with occupancies in the 75% to 85% range, so there's upside in terms of occupancy in those pools over the longer run. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, Rob, it's Tim Schoen. There's some seasonality between the fourth quarter and the first quarter as it relates to add rent so that's the reason you see that dynamic. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, yes. Same word, seasonality, but yes. It's light in the first quarter, but we still expect to be in that $63 million range for the year. 
Timothy Schoen: Yes, well, there's 2 questions there. Yes, straight line's up from $9 million to $18 million because of the Blackstone JV acquisition and it will go down on a run rate basis over the year as we have contractual rent steps throughout the year. 
