James Flaherty: Thanks, John. Welcome to HCP's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Joining us today are Executive Vice President, Chief Investment Officer, Paul Gallagher; and Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Tim Schoen.  Let me start by expressing our concern for all those impacted by Hurricane Sandy, especially those seniors residing in our communities. We have had our emergency team in place since last Wednesday, coordinating response and assistance with our operators and tenants. At this point, we have a multitude of communities experiencing leaks and minor flooding and several properties operating on backup generator power. Hardest hit were 2 Sunrise communities in Brooklyn, one of which was evacuated yesterday, and the other where the residents have been moved to the second floor due to flooding. All of the residents are okay. With that, we have much to update you on. So let's start by turning the call over to Tim. 
James Flaherty: Well again, in my comments of just a minute or 2 ago, I noted the rather extraordinary efforts that have been put forth by the business and legal teams at Blackstone, Emeritus, Chicago Title and HCP. And it now looks, as we sit here today, that we have a very good chance of closing the entire transaction tomorrow, which, when you think about a transaction that was just signed and announced 2 weeks ago, and it's $1.73 billion in total transaction value, representing 133 separate properties, is an absolutely extraordinary accomplishment. 
James Flaherty: No, no, that was part of our initial landholding when we acquired Slough back in August of 2007, and we have, over time, grown our relationship with General Atomics, which obviously is experiencing a very, very favorable demand for its products. And so we've grown that over time rather consistently, and now we're up to 400,000 square feet if you include the [indiscernible] building that we'll be bringing online. 
James Flaherty: Well, they have gone into playing offense mode. They are -- they've got great conviction about their business model, and they're obviously generating a significant amount of cash. They've got a significant amount of cash at quarter end, at September 30, they're sitting on just about $130 million. But as Paul noted in his comments, they've reinvested in their business model in terms of our facilities approximately 2x the amount that is required -- the minimum by the lease. And what you really seen -- I mean, this is really -- you're seeing the early stages of what we call HCR version 3.0. This was the leader in the 90s with respect to the institutional skilled nursing business after the ManorCare investment acquisition in 1999. They morphed their business model to a higher acuity, more complex shorter-stay business model. And now what you're seeing is real health care reform start to play out in the post-acute setting, which involves payers, providers, very large acute care hospital operators. You will see cost shift here. You will see capitation. You may see some bundling going on. And you've got a management team here that has consistently taken advantage of changes in the marketplace. And that's what they're going through right now, and they have moved into, very much with conviction, what I'd call playing offense in their business model. And I suspect you're going to see some very, very good results in the next year or 2 to come. 
James Flaherty: That's part of it. Let me just underscore one of your points. This is far more than cosmetics that are going on here, okay? So this is -- HCR is in discussions with dozens of potential partners all focused in their cluster markets. And as they retool here for what will really be true health care reform, not something that comes out of a legislation from Washington D.C. with the likely involvement or inclusion of block grants to the states, they're really getting very well-positioned here for the next couple of year periods. So it's -- frankly, I find it fascinating to watch how this management team is -- continues to evolve and be very dynamic in their response to what is going to be a very, very good opportunity. And of course, everything at the end of the day is a function of the fact that in the health care continuum, they represent the lowest cost setting. So they're sitting there and with that enormous business advantage and now retooling their business model, investing aggressively their own capital into our properties to position themselves to take advantage of this. 
James Flaherty: Their outcomes have always been superior. We are -- year-over-year, you do see a meaningful increase in census. So if you do a spot -- October 2011 versus an October 2012 spot occupancy, I mean, that's up meaningfully. And I think -- so I'd make that observation. 
James Flaherty: Yes, well, let me give you the kind of the silver bullet here. They've managed this portfolio for 2 years. In those 2 years, there's been $42 million invested by the venture. And as we sit here today, that has gone into transitioning 52% of the communities so that those are now branded Emeritus. The flip side of that is that 48% of this portfolio today, 48%, Jeff, is not branded with Emeritus' operating discipline. So what you'll see, this $30 million that has now been funded as a part of this transaction to Emeritus, you will see them finish off the job, if you will, in the next 12 months. You'll see them invest that $30 million to convert the remaining 48% of this portfolio into branded Emeritus communities. And this is why it was so important when Paul and Kendall and their team were structuring the transaction, that we had an indirect participation in this cash flow because you can see in the first 2 years, for where they had invested the capital, they had an occupancy spike of 800 basis points. So by structuring the transaction so that we have indirect participation, not 1 but 2 ways, number one, we've got these outsized escalators in the first couple of years starting at over 4%, averaging 3.7% annually for the first 5 years. And then specifically on the lease-up portfolio, which is going to get the majority of this $30 million CapEx, we have the right after 5 years to move that rent to market subject to a cap of 30% of the prior year, which would be the year 5 cash flow. 
James Flaherty: Well, the occupancy, I think that was all in the press release, Jeff. The occupancy in the lease-up component of the 133 properties was 74%, 75%. 
James Flaherty: I think you could see that certainly moving up to 80%, and then over time, 85%. Again, we think -- I would go directly to where we set that fair market value reset at the end of year 5, so we think it will take a few years to move that component up, but this is one of many reasons why we're so excited about this transaction. 
James Flaherty: I think you should -- I think it's instructive for you to look at the pace of the annual escalators in the first couple of years. I think that direction will give you a sense as to how fast those coverage is going to move up. 
James Flaherty: Well, if we wanted to maintain 1 but we're not actually maintaining 1. You'll see their cash flow go up not commensurately. You'll see their cash flow go up at a faster rate, Rich. 
James Flaherty: It's part rebranding, part some repositioning, some expansion. Again, we're very fortunate, we have perfect information because we've seen the Blackstone JV invest $42 million and get phenomenal returns on that investment. And then we ourselves have seen what has happened when we've transitioned properties to Granger Cobb and his team. With respect to not 1, not 2 but 3 portfolio transitions we moved from Sunrise that included initial CapEx spend that we funded and we've been able to monitor the very strong results that Granger and his team have affected. So we've got proven commodity here. We've got a ray source in Granger and Emeritus team that has demonstrated on multiple occasions with multiple portfolios the ability to transition properties, rebrand them with Emeritus and grow cash flow. And we've seen that in this portfolio with respect to the stabilized component of that. And now with the benefit of the incremental $30 million that Emeritus will fund into our triple net structure, triple net lease structure, you'll see that the lease-up component come up as well. 
James Flaherty: Well, our coverage is -- our triple net coverages because, again, this goes into our orientation towards when you look at triple net structures, you have that CapEx responsibility is a responsibility of the tenant. So our coverages wouldn't pick that up. If we were in a RIDEA structure, it's much more relevant to look at economic cap rates, because there, the CapEx is a liability of the landlord, the REIT. In this case, the CapEx is a liability of the tenant so it's more instructive to look at nominal coverage ratios. But once the $30 million is invested in the next 12 months to transition and rebrand the remaining 48% of this portfolio, I think you're probably looking at the next couple of years as being plus or minus $500 a unit and then that will grow over time. 
James Flaherty: No, I think -- well, I think it depends what the B and C refer to. If the B and C refer to not a top MSA 31 market, I think that's fair. But these are A property or A-quality properties. They're in secondary markets. But for example, I'd give you 2 points of comment there. If you're looking to Emeritus' strategic plan as disclosed in their annual report and their most recent Q, they specifically target this middle market, the market segment that they feel is most attractive to them, which is smaller cities and suburbs with populations of 50,000 to 150,000 people. So when we've transitioned the portfolios that we've transitioned, we've seen them extract and get those portfolios performing by an order of magnitude better than had been previously the case. So I'd be careful with B and C. If B and C, you're referring to not a top-sized MSA 31 market, I think that's fair. But these are very high-quality properties. Paul and I visited one in the Preston Hollow section of Dallas, which is literally located next door to the Carell Clinic, and Preston Hollow is one of the more affluent parts of Dallas. The Carell Clinic would be Dallas' version of the Mayo Clinic. So you've got some very high-quality real estate here, but they are located in sized markets that are next tier down than the top MSA 31 markets. 
James Flaherty: Well remember, HCR's business model is quite complex. They create multiple cash flows out of our properties that they manage. So they've got a variety of the ancillary businesses that produce very substantial cash flow. You heard Paul's comments for the period of time that ended September 30, 2012, which was the 12-month period most impacted by the changes from August 2011, they still generated, after rent obligations to HCP, $130 million cash flow. So this is a very, very significant business, and it is our properties that allow them in large part to create the value for their shareholders. 
James Flaherty: I think I made -- in response to a question earlier, what you've seen here is a significant change in this business, the post-acute just in the last 12 months. Everybody took a look at the 11.2% cut, which we never underwrote any of that in our underwriting. But what only now with the benefit of perfect hindsight that people can now see for the industry is the cut was -- the net effect of the cut was far greater than 11.2%. You had very significant changes, increases in the cost structure that related to the group in concurrent therapy. So you've now seen -- you're now experiencing trough coverages, if you use the 12 months ended September 30, 2012. Now recall, we only have the 12 months ended June 30 in our supplemental, so we're kind of giving you a heads-up on what we'll report the next quarter. If you look at these coverages for the 12 months ended 9/30/12, this represents a trough coverage. You'll see in fourth quarter calendar quarter, you'll see those coverages start to come back up. Notwithstanding that, with the changes to this business, this company has aggressively: A, generated cash flow; B, invested much more cash flow than they're required to under the lease; and C, are now in a position, and this is why I referenced the HCR version 3.0 of this business model, to really play offense in 2013 and 2014 with what will likely be part of a grand bargain with whoever is the new President and whoever is sitting in Congress, the beginning of some serious health care reform. 
James Flaherty: My guess is you're probably bouncing between 110 and 115, notwithstanding the outsized annual bumps in rent. 
James Flaherty: Yes, well, we're already close to what it was. In Paul's remarks, he's already gone -- fast-forwarded to September 30 numbers. Recall that we report these numbers on a 3-month lag. But again, we've got those numbers and we've communicated those to you on this call this morning. And we've also noted the rather aggressive actions HCR is taking with respect to investing its  -- reinvesting its business model and the very strong level of liquidity that they have currently. 
James Flaherty: I think, overall, Ross, I think we're -- I don't have the number in front of me, it could go about $157,000 a unit. I think that number was a little higher on the stabilized portfolio and a little lower on the lease-up. To be honest, I think that's probably right around replacement cost, Ross. 
James Flaherty: Well, we negotiated really hard for a higher cap than 130% of year 5 rent. And Emeritus, to their credit, negotiated what we preferred something lower, so we settled at 1.3%. But if you just assume that it goes to the cap, I think your -- I think the 5-year compounded annual growth rate in NOI grows to 4.7%. 
James Flaherty: That would the number at -- well, remember, we're not -- with the sharing, HCP is sharing with Emeritus. So obviously, anything north in the scenario of where we hit the max on the cap of 130% in year 6 rent for the lease-up of the year 5 cash flow, we would be capped, maxed out at 130% of that number, and that would calculate out to over that 5 years of 4.7% compound annual growth rate, which obviously, in the context of a triple net structure where the CapEx liability is the responsibility of the tenant from a risk-adjusted return standpoint, is very, very attractive return for HCP shareholders. 
James Flaherty: Well, again, I don't know if you heard the answer to my previous question, but they did a great job mitigating the 11.2%. The problem was and it wasn't just a problem unique to HCR, it was endemic in the industry, the real economics of the August 2011 CMS reductions were far greater than the RUGs-IV benefit going away. They included a substantial increase in the cost structure because of the group and concurrent therapy cost increases. So we're now seeing -- now that you've seen the benefit of the full 12-month effect, you're basically seeing a 1 5 underwritten coverage declined to 1 3 if you eliminate the prior-year 2006 to 2010 insurances, you're $130 million. So basically that increase you can now quantify for the full year of the impact of this new business model as 20 basis points of the incremental costs associated with the August 2011 CMS announcement. Fast-forward to where we are today, we're now in the fourth quarter. They're going to get an increase -- they've already gotten the increase of 1.8%. We'll see what happens with sequestration in the new year. But that's why I've indicated these are -- you ought to think about these coverage ratios as of September 30, 2012, as trough level of coverages. Notwithstanding all that, they've aggressively moved to reinvest in the business because the business model is going to be different in the next couple of years. You're going to see whether you get block grants to the state or not, you're going to see cost sharing, you're going to see some capitation, probably some bundling. And this is a business model that within the cluster markets that HCR operates in is going to have very much of a -- the Affordable Care Act, some of the dimensions in terms of the accountable care organizations and things like that. So that -- you're really seeing a very dynamic change in this market. I would say, if you look across our 5 sectors right now, you've probably got more going on in this post-acute setting right now as people position for what could come out of a grand bargain scenario next year than in any of our other 4 sectors. 
James Flaherty: I'm a little confused. These are triple net lease structures. So the CapEx responsibility is the responsibility of the tenant, much like the Blackstone JV transaction we just announced where Emeritus is our partner in a triple net structure. When we do CapEx spending, we will do that in our medical office where we'll do TIs or potentially in the life science space. But under triple net structures, the CapEx is the responsibility of the tenant. 
James Flaherty: Well, first of all, it's HCR, as you know, it's not ManorCare. And secondly, Sure, we'd be interested, but HCR has substantial liquidity. That -- my guess is that they've got higher and better uses for the liquidity than to be adding to the rent obligation to HCP. But certainly, were they to come to us to have that discussion which they've not, I mean, they're generating substantial amounts of cash flow in excess of our -- their rent obligation to us and they're sitting on substantial amounts of cash liquidity. So that's not a discussion that's taken place. 
James Flaherty: No, I think any time you get an external shock to a system, that is a catalyst for M&A activity. And the August 11 CMS announcement was a major shock to the system. I think for the first couple of quarters, people limited the impact to that to merely the benefit, the RUGs-IV benefit that existed for fiscal year 2011 as going away in fiscal year 2012. The reality is, given the cost -- increased cost structures with that CMS announcement, the impact was far greater. As HCR and other leading players have retooled their business model, I think -- I continue to believe you'll see significant consolidation in this space. And by the way, I think you're going to see, as I've said on my prior calls, you'll see significant M&A consolidation in some of the other spaces as well. That will be for different catalyst reasons but in this case, it really -- it all starts with the August 11 CMS announcement. 
James Flaherty: Gee, we haven't even -- the 2 Sunrise communities that I've pointed out, I've been back and forth with their CEO, Mark Ordan, several times this morning. In fact, his mom is resident in the community that got evacuated yesterday. So all we're focused on right now is the safety and protection of the residents. 
James Flaherty: Again, for the most part, in a triple net structure -- first of all, we have significant insurance coverage. Secondly, most if not all of those properties, there are some MOBs, by the way, that have some minor flooding, most of those are triple net structures. But again, that's -- we're not even thinking about that. We're making sure that the residents, that the very dear residents in these senior housing communities are safe and protected. And to the extent we've had to evacuate them, making sure that they're in an equally safe and protected and caring community. 
James Flaherty: Thanks, Suzette. Thank you, everyone. Again, especially for those of you that are impacted by the storm, I'd leave you with 3 thoughts: One, please, please, please be safe; two, please go out and vote next Tuesday; and three, go Irish. Thank you. 
