Peter Scott: Yes. Nick, it's Pete here. Maybe I'll just start with AFFO. We did provide AFFO this year because of all the GAAP merger-related items, and we don't necessarily want to get mired into discussion on all of those on this call. But if you look at AFFO this year versus where we were last year, our outlook is effectively flat, but that does include the benefit of the synergies. If you try and back those out, you'd say our AFFO would be down year-over-year. That's actually a correct statement. And if you go back to the merger proxy, the S-4 we put out, you'd actually see that in our forecast as well. And that's really primarily because of the temporary lost NOI at the 2 large campuses I mentioned in the prepared remarks. So if were not for this merger, our AFFO would actually be down year-over-year, but Certainly, with the benefits of this merger, the accretion we've articulated being about $0.05 per share, we're able to keep our AFFO flat year-over-year. 
Peter Scott: Good question, Nick. I'm not surprised that you're asking it. We did disclose that we've signed year-to-date about 175,000 square feet of leases and LOIs. The first week of January is quite slow. So that's probably a pretty good 4-week number. If you annualize that, it's still trending in a positive direction as you compare it to a year ago where leasing was. I'll turn it actually to Scott Bohn to give a little bit more color on the composition of those leases and LOIs. 
Peter Scott: Yes. Sure, Juan. I think from an FFO perspective, I would say that the cadence, there's probably not a huge amount of variability as you look out across the 4 quarters in the year. I will say that some of these larger leases that are commencing in the first quarter for lab, especially some of the ones we've been pretty vocal about like the Voyager deal out in Boston that we did that commenced at the beginning of this month or January, I should say, beginning of the year as well as the RevMed deal. I mean, they just came with 3 months of free rent, and we have the MGM deal that we just commenced as they took over one of the Amgen buildings that expired. So there's just a -- I'm not going to say there's a significant amount of additional free rent beyond what's market, but all of those leases are pretty sizable and commenced earlier this year. So it's just going to have a little bit of an impact on the first and second quarter same-store numbers relative to the overall guide. And that's really why I wanted to point that out. Some years free rent works in your favor, some years it doesn't. A little bit of a headwind this year in our number. But again, these are long-term leases with really high-quality tenants. So I just want to point out that same-store for lab will be a little bit weaker first half of the year versus second half. 
Peter Scott: Yes. Greg, it's Pete. I can certainly start with that. And I'll hit on the biggest ones. Vantage, we actually delivered a portion of that late last year. And then the initial occupancy is for what's remaining, and we do have another lease with Astellas that's expected to start later this year. So that's really the reason why that got pushed back a little bit. It's because we delivered a portion of that. On Gateway, we have certainly talked about that at length over the last 6 to 9 months with the Sorrento situation. I mean, realistically, the way we look at it, even if we signed a lease today, between space planning and actually doing some of the work to do the specific TI build-out, I mean you're talking about 6 to 9 months before a lease can even commence. We don't have a lease signed at this point in time. So as a result, we did push that out a little bit. We're certainly touring tenants through the building and the facility. It's a really great looking, high-quality campus, A+ right there overlooking the 805. But as we look out, based upon how long it takes leases to get signed, that has actually slowed a little bit. we decided that it made sense to push that out just a couple of quarters. I don't know, Scott Bohn if there's anything you'd want to add to that. 
Peter Scott: Yes. I think, Rich, as you quoted 2 years, that's really more of a same-store figure. I would say from a lease-out perspective, as you pointed out, the 2 campuses. Sorrento, the scope of work is less significant on that than the scope of work on the port side project that we've rebranded. So I would say that we can finish the scope of work on Sorrento, and that's the Directors Place campus a lot quicker, and we'll actually finish the work on the portside campus. So I would see NOI probably earlier from that campus if I were to give you some guidance between the 2 then I would from the port side campus. Although that said, you do have to bear in mind that we will actually commence that lease, the 101,000 square foot lease at Portside with client later this year. So we have backfilled some of that. We have not backfilled at this point any of the Sorrento campus, but we're certainly touring tenants through it. 
Peter Scott: Yes. The seller financing, I mean, we actually did quite well off of providing that on our senior housing sales, which were 3, 4 years ago. So it's a business that we actually like if we provide the right LTV to the counterparty. With these loans, we've gotten repaid a lot over the last few years. I mean the balance was, I think, $600 million, $700 million. It was pretty high, down now to about $175 million. And our guidance for this year, call it, outlook, we had 0 to $100 million getting repaid. So $50 million at the midpoint, could be a little bit higher than that. And obviously, that's probably more front of the year weighted as well. I think our expectation is if it gets repaid, it will get repaid in the very near term, if not, it would get extended, which obviously, if it gets extended versus repaid, then there's an earnings benefit to that. But again, the expectation given where the LTVs of those are is that as the counterparty sell assets, we'd expect to get those loans repaid and probably more towards the front end of the year. 
Peter Scott: Yes. Happy to take that, Jim. I mean, obviously, on the development side, we still have to finish out the Vantage project, which is pretty significant. We've also got some new HCA developments that are kicking off. I mean that's a great program for us, and we'd like to continue to recycle capital and keep that program going and the yields are starting to increase on that, which is great.  I'd say what has gone up pretty significantly year-over-year as you look at 2023 versus 2024 is the larger, redevelopment bucket. I mean we're still redeveloping our Point Grand campus. We've got another asset given the Astellas [indiscernible] behind space there as they took on the lease at Vantage. So we've got another large building there. Plus we'll have the portside buildings go as well as Sorrento. So I'd say that the biggest components of that are finishing out the current development pipeline as well as the redevelopment ticking up. And that was always our expectation was that we would have to redevelop the specialty portside when those leases expired. I mean Amgen was on that campus for 20 years and really, we had to put 0 CapEx into that over that period of time. So we did really, really well on that investment. But 20 years later, there's some capital that has to go into that. Those are really the biggest drivers of that spend this year. 
Peter Scott: Yes. We did buy back some stock, albeit at a higher price 1 year, 1.5 years ago. And I would say that the response from the Street was pretty unenthusiastic to that. That said, we do put an authorization every quarter for stock issuance or buyback with our Board. And we're not at a level, I think, today, where we buy back stock, but certainly, it's something that we're paying attention to. We're certainly a long ways away from a level where we even consider issuing equity, which is why we're talking more about capital recycling.  So we have a buyback program in place. We don't need to file one. We still have $400-plus million of buyback we could do, but we're not going to look to lever up if we ever bought back shares, we would look to do something through capital recycling. But I think I'd probably just leave it at that, Josh. 
Peter Scott: Yes. Mike, it's Pete. I'll handle that. So obviously, our outlook is 1.5% to 3% positive. What are the positive drivers within that, I mean, obviously, you've got rent escalators, which tend to be on average in the low 3s. We've got some positive mark-to-market embedded in there on lease renewals that we do get done. And then as we've said, there's a little bit of internalization benefit as well. So I think if we just stop right there, we'd probably be 5% plus from a same-store growth perspective, Which actually would kind of mirror what's happened over the last 10 years. . That said, there are some offsets, which I think are pretty well known. We've got average occupancy will probably be in the low 96% area. So you compare that to where we were last year. That's probably 100-plus basis points decline, so a modest decline, but nevertheless a headwind. The free rent that I mentioned, some years, it's up; some years, it's down. It's up this year, but it certainly is a little bit of a headwind as well. And then as we always do, we have a little bit of bad debt cushion in order to provide ourselves with a little bit of flexibility depending upon what goes on within our tenant portfolio, that certainly improved pretty significantly year-over-year, but we still do include a little bit there.  So when you take all the positives and you take all the headwinds kind of blends out to that 1.5% to 3%. I know it's not what it was for the last 10 years, but our stock price is also not where it was a couple of years ago as well. So it's certainly been factored into, I think, our valuation at this point of time. 
Peter Scott: Yes. Austin, it's Pete. I keep hoping one of these days we'll open [indiscernible] and see 5 thumbs up that are green, but it wasn't this quarter. Maybe it will be next quarter. 
Peter Scott: We certainly do. Look, on the synergy -- what I would say on the $40 million, we said the vast majority of that is actually on G&A savings, and we would expect to achieve pretty much all of that at closing. Some of those G&A savings are difficult. We have to have conversations with employees on our side. DOC has to have those on their side. Those conversations have been had, never fun, but I'd expect the vast majority of that to hit right away. As we talked about on the balance, on the internalization, most of that really is the 3 markets that we've said we've internalized already.  So those are really tangible, but those will hit kind of quarterly as we get NOI benefits within our portfolio throughout the year. But again, we feel confident that we're going to hit all those numbers. That's why it's in our $40 million estimate that's really just 10 months as opposed to hitting that in a year. So hitting those numbers a little bit earlier on. As to the additional $20 million, I think those are really kind of 2025 numbers, and a lot of that is really internalization focused, although there could be a modest amount more of G&A. And where we sit today, we feel confident that we can hit those numbers. But again, those will be '25 numbers, and that will flow through to all the years beyond that. . 
Peter Scott: Yes. I think the other thing I would add, John, is obviously, we don't have any acquisitions dialed into our forecast as well. And then on top of that, we did actually bake in, and hopefully, this was something that everyone got from our prepared remarks is that we have baked in potential dilution from if we wanted to sell noncore assets the likely use of proceeds immediately would be to repay debt, right? And that's got a dilutive impact to it. That's not to say that we're going to look to further delever. We'd like to recycle that capital over time into our core business segments, but we have dialed in some flexibility within our forecast to allow us to recycle capital. 
Scott Bohn: Yes. Nick, this is Scott. On those LOIs, we're -- it's a multitude of deals. It's not just one large deal, really across all the markets. As we talked about over the past few quarters, the demand has really trended towards the kind of sub 30,000 square foot range, and that's where the bulk of those deals that are today. We're pretty happy with the economics that we are shaking out on those. When you look at mark-to-market on the portfolio, we were probably in the 20% range last year. If you look at it today, taking into account where we are probably more in the 5% to 10% range, but that varies greatly given the TI Capital and other aspects of the lease that are in play today. So hard to pin down an exact number because there's so much differentiation in the leases today. But I'd say, it's probably in the 5% to 10% range overall. 
Scott Bohn: Yes. Wes, this is Scott. Scott Bohn I think from a demand perspective, we're in line with pre-COVID levels across all 3 portfolios. Boards are still cautious, as Pete mentioned, is taking new space and expansions and things like that. We are seeing some groups who have been on the sidelines are kind of -- have been floating around in the market, really kind of starting to dig in on space plans and getting real as they approach funding at some of the capital markets, both private and public open up. So I think that we're off to a strong start for the year. We like the way that the pipeline is shaping up.  The underlying fundamentals that Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks are strong indicators of future demand. 
Scott Bohn: Yes, sure. On the mark-to-market, I think it's slightly lower in the very near term just with the Amgen leases rolling. It's kind of weighed down a little bit, those were relatively high rent that grew over that 20-year period that Pete mentioned. And then on the tenant demand side and leasing, we've talked about over the past several quarters, I mean, if you look across all 3 markets, the after demand probably somewhere between 60% to 75% of that is sub 30,000 square feet. So it's been really the strike zone for deals over the past 6 to 9 months. 
Scott Brinker: Juan, it's Scott. I mean, obviously, we're not happy with where the stock is trading. There's a pretty big disconnect between what the private market would value our assets at and what the public markets would. So we're certainly looking at all available opportunities to create value. So I would say, it's a pretty wide-ranging menu of things that we're considering. If it's core assets like we did in San Diego a couple of weeks ago, it would be more likely than not kind of a recap where we maintain an ownership stake. We don't have a whole lot of sort of true noncore assets but we have less core assets that we could consider selling those may come at slightly higher cap rates than the print we had a couple of weeks ago in San Diego. That was obviously an A+ type asset in campus. But we're looking at a number of things. We've been saying that for the last year. We were a net seller of real estate in 2023. From where we sit here today, we'll probably be a net seller in 2024. But we have the ability to be price sensitive. Balance sheet is in great shape, sources and uses are spoken for. So we'd be price sensitive on anything that we do. 
Scott Brinker: Yes. Griff, I'll take that. It's Scott. In October, we talked about $40 million of year 1 run rate synergies, and we've got a full $40 million in our 2024 guidance. So I would say, we are ahead of expectations in year 1. So hopefully, we can exceed that number as well. In terms of year 2, we'll see. The internalization so far is going well, 3 markets down, 6 more in the queue, so we're taking them one at a time just to make sure that it goes well, reduce execution risk. But if we're satisfied with the results, we could certainly continue to internalize more and more markets going forward and that would be a big part of achieving the high end, if not above the high end of that synergy range. 
Scott Brinker: Can I add something to that? From my seat, like our lab business, even 2 years ago, we're essentially at 98%, 99% occupancy, essentially nothing in redevelopment and a completely pre-leased development pipeline. From where we sit today, we've got some upside in occupancy on the operating portfolio. Scott and Mike are working on. We've got a pretty big redevelopment bucket that has a lot of NOI upside and then a fair amount of development that hasn't been leased yet. So just on Amgen, Sorrento and Vantage alone, you're talking about $50 million, $60 million of NOI upside. I don't know if that's 25% or 26%, but we do think it's achievable. Those are all Class A assets. There's a cost of capital, so maybe subtract a little bit of that upside from an earnings standpoint but it's substantial. So our lab business 2 years ago was kind of hit full utilization, for lack of a better word. And today, there's a fair amount of upside for us to go recapture. 
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean it's really been a 2% to 3% growth business for the last decade. We do see that accelerating. It's not going to 10%, but we do think it's going to improve for the forward 5 to 10 years versus the previous 5 to 10 years, just given supply demand, construction cost and therefore, our ability to push rents. So our guidance this year is at the very high end, actually well above the high end of any guidance we've given in that segment historically. We have a pretty good track record of beating our same-store guidance and our earnings guidance. So you can assume that hopefully, there's some upside to the number that we gave. But it's a combination of occupancy. Obviously, we were up 40 basis points quarter-over-quarter, I think like 60 basis points year-over-year. All-time high re-leasing spreads, all-time high retention. So yes, we do think that there is some upside to the historical outpatient medical growth rate. 
Scott Brinker: Yes, there's no new starts in lab in that forecast. There's a couple of new starts in outpatient medical. Some are from legacy Healthpeak, others from legacy DOC just commitments that were made in some cases, 2 years ago. Any new commitments, though on development, it's because the yields are attractive, 7%, 8%, highly pre-leased. So we continue to find those very attractive and would recycle capital so that we can go ahead and move forward with those. 
Scott Brinker: Yes, we're at 85% occupancy today. I would think we could get back into 90s. In that portfolio, it's performing well. We've got good assets, mostly in Florida, obviously, favorable supply/demand in that market for seniors, we've got a really good operating partner in LCS. We've got a really strong internal team overseeing it.  So we're not in a rush. At the same time, it really has no strategic overlap with our medical and lab businesses, which are highly complementary, same process and procedure, et cetera. So at some point, I think we will recycle. But to my comment earlier, would be price sensitive. We don't need to do anything. It's performing fine. We've got the team to run it, but the capital markets have just been too tight and soft to transact on a portfolio of that size, but we'll see if things start to open up in 2024. 
Scott Brinker: Yes, hard to say. We are getting the benefit of the internalization in the peak portfolio that we obviously would not have done absent the merger, so it comes hard to parse the 2 numbers. But I think we said historically, DOC has lower in-place escalators than Healthpeak, but that's converging over time as they sign new leases with, as John said, 3% or better escalators. So I'm guessing it'd be a little bit lower but not materially.  I think they said numerous times, their growth rate in 2023 was impacted by some unique asset specific events and proactive termination. So I would expect our growth rate to mirror or closely mirror the Healthpeak growth rate going forward. 
Scott Brinker: No, the fourth quarter number was an outlier. I mean there may be select spaces within the portfolio that would have a negative renewal rate mark-to-market, but that was an outlier. I think 10-year-old TIs, the tenant that wanted to stay in the space with credit -- investment-grade credit, no downtime, no TI. So I mean that was a unique situation. I wouldn't expect a lot of those. . 
Scott Brinker: Yes. Well, we still see some occupancy growth in 2024. Rental rates will grow, but more in the mid-single digits as opposed to high single digits just given the fundamentals in that sector. Then obviously, we've had a huge benefit from contract labor coming down over the past 18 months. We're largely through that benefit. We have very little contract labor in the portfolio today. So you just lose a lot of that benefit in same store. So I mean, that's what's happening at the property level. And then obviously, our accounting for this asset class has an impact as well. Most of the income in this portfolio comes from the prepaid rents on the nonrefundable entry fee. That's usually more than 75% of the total NOI and we just have this GAAP accounting method that we amortize all the entry fees. And we're leaving roughly $40 million of earnings on the table relative to the cash NOI that's actually being generated. So unfortunately, our reporting for CCRCs does not really reflect the underlying performance of that asset class, but chalk that up to GAAP accounting, unfortunately. 
Scott Brinker: The answer is yes across the port. I mean there's a massive opportunity to help these big health systems grow their outpatient network. I might ask John to comment specifically. 
Scott Brinker: It's more of the former. '23 and '24 were more modest because of Amgen and it starts to pick up a lot more materially in '25 and thereafter. But keeping in mind, Scott's bigger picture comment that it is down year-over-year from what we would have said a year ago just because of market fundamentals. But this should be the low point on the mark-to-market, and then we'll gather some momentum into '25 and beyond. 
Scott Brinker: I mean, it could be 0 if the market is tighter, it could be a couple of billion dollars if the market opens up. I mean, we'll see, John, we're having all sorts of discussions, but we have them. We've been saying that on a couple of quarters in a row of earnings call. So we'll just have to see how the market plays out. But there's a lot of active discussions across the portfolio today. 
Scott Brinker: Yes. I don't really have a different answer than what I gave in active discussions across the portfolio. I mean it could be a very material number if the markets open up.. 
Scott Brinker: Yes. I mean it's with a top partner in HCA. One of them is in Dallas, where we've had tremendous success. We've got assets on that campus. It's bursting at the seams. We're obviously highly pre-leased -- signing long-term leases with no CapEx for the foreseeable future. So the cash flow returns are still quite attractive in our view, and we're selling assets to fund it at an accretive level. So I still find those to be an attractive use of capital for our shareholders, John. 
Scott Brinker: Yes, I want to thank everybody for their interest. The team here is completely focused, hard at work on beating our earnings guidance again. I think we delivered really strong AFFO growth this year at more than 5%, we grew FFO more than 7% the year before that, and we expect to continue that. So in any of that, I appreciate you tuning in today, call with any questions. Thanks, everyone. 
