Raj Kalathur: Thanks, Josh. Last quarter, we talked about our plans to improve pre-tax profit by at least $500 million through structural cost reductions by the end of 2018. These benefits would apply to 2016 volume levels. We expect to see the full benefit of the $500 million improvement in the year 2019 and beyond. These cost reduction efforts began in March of 2016 and contributed in excess of $90 million for the year 2016. The 2017 forecast includes an additional about $190 million of structural cost reduction. Here is some detail about where the $500 million in improvement is expected to come from. Number one, structural direct and indirect material cost reduction is the largest contributor of improvement, roughly one-third. Now, this is the result of leveraging existing supplier relationships, resourcing and designing cost out of our products. Second, people-related costs are the second largest category of reduction, about one-fifth of the total improvement. The voluntary separation program that Josh discussed is a significant example. Other areas of improvement include changes to our variable pay structure especially under trough conditions as well as lower R&D spending and lower depreciation associated with lower capital expenditures. Overall, our teams are making good progress towards the $500 plus million goal and we have confidence it will be realized. In conjunction with sound execution, disciplined cost management will allow us to continue delivering significantly better performance than in downturns of the past. And of course, these same factors will provide a continued benefit when market conditions strengthen. All-in-all then, we remain confident in our company’s present direction and believe Deere is well positioned to provide significant value to our customers and investors in the future.
Raj Kalathur: So David, there is a follow-on offering that SiteOne has come out with, but it’s not in our forecast and that’s probably all we can say about it. They are just doing for follow-on offering as one thing and actually doing it is the secondary thing. So, we don’t want to talk about the probabilities of that.
Raj Kalathur: Steve, to add to Tony’s comments, the price and discounts we talked about was beat, and then you also talked about higher volumes and then higher volumes coming from regions 4, 3 and 2 and region 4, multiple units, now had little bit higher volume and then better mix than we had anticipated, lower overhead spending, lower material costs, lower R&D, structural cost reductions beginning to pay off a little earlier. So, all those things added to our beat in the Q4.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So, this is for the short-term incentive. At trough, we had a maximum payout at 13% operating – return on operating assets that went up to 16% now. So, that’s specifically what I was referring to.
Tony Huegel: And as we go forward, Jamie, if there are significant – to your point, if there are significant costs similar to the voluntary separation, we will certainly call those out as those are incurred and try to keep people abreast of what those are. But at this point, I mean your question about 2018.
Tony Huegel: Sure. As you think about the maturities and so on with leases, keep in mind that we talked about this last quarter. We did have a significant level of maturities that occurred in the fourth quarter. In fact, if you look at October alone, the month of October in terms of what sales we had of matured leases, about 2x to 3x the typical months that we had. And again, that’s on the sales side. So, we did see again on our maturity, a pretty significant peak in the fall. We will, as we go forward, as you think about lease maturities, you will continue to see some of those seasonal increases. So, as we mentioned before, you will see some increase in the spring generally and then again in the fall. So, typically our second and fourth quarters are the quarters that we will see those. But at this point, we would anticipate what we thought fourth quarter 2016 would be the highest peak from a maturity perspective. Certainly, we continue to see customers continuing to elect operating leases at a bit higher level than what we would have seen on a more historic basis. I think the current market conditions explain much of that. But I would also point out it isn’t at some of the extreme levels that I have seen being reported. If you look over the last 12 months for example, so for 2016, if you look at just the retail financing of equipment, so comparing retail notes versus operating leases. Operating leases in terms of volumes coming in the door were about 25% of the total. That’s up. Historically, we would be in the mid to upper teens. So, it’s certainly at a more elevated level, but not to the degree or to the extent that some perhaps have reported. So, hopefully, it gives you a little bit of color on where we are at with the operating leases. But to your point, as we move forward especially when we get past second quarter with some of the changes that were made, at that point in time on the short-term leases, we would feel and then you are seeing it reflected in the forecast, a bit more confident on that front as we go into ‘17. Right, thank you. Next caller.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think that unfortunately a level of detail, I am not going to be able to provide. But as you think about it kind of on a higher level, I think it is worth noting we still have emissions transition cost anticipated. Some of that is final Tier 4, so we still have some Final Tier 4 conversions. But also keep in mind as we go into 2017, Brazil has a Tier 3 conversion. So, there will be some cost there. So, emissions does continue to be an increase year-over-year. Now, that’s on the one side. To your point, a portion of what we have talked about with the structural cost reduction is going back to some of those applications on Final Tier 4 where we have first and foremost found the most reliable solution. Now going back and looking at, are there ways we can still clearly meet those requirements that do so on a less expensive basis and so that really goes to – and would contribute to some of that kind of a third of the cost reduction that we are targeting on product costs. A good portion of that does relate to some of the Tier 4 future savings we would hope as we take some of those costs out of products on a go-forward basis.
Tony Huegel: It would still be an incremental cost on a global basis. You remember, those costs generally don’t go away. And you still have, yes, Brazil transitioning, you have other products on a global basis transitioning. You have got some forestry products in Europe. You would still have some smaller product in the U.S. that we will be going through some transition. China, we have gone through some Tier 3 transition. So, the emissions broadly speaking continues to move forward on a global basis and so that will continue to provide some additional cost as we go forward at least for the foreseeable future.
Tony Huegel: Yes. So, as you think – yes, when you think about the new pricing and specifically in the quarter, I would say it really is attributed to the discounting was down pretty significantly and you saw that coming through in the 3 points of price realization. And I would say that’s particularly true for the ag business as we have talked about with construction, that continues to be actually the opposite story, that’s the very challenged market from a competition perspective and a pricing perspective. With used pricing, I would say more of what we have said last quarter where we really have seen, I would say stabilization of that used pricing as we speak with dealers, much higher confidence as they are negotiating trade-ins, the value that they are able to put on that trade-in and what they feel they can accept. Keep in mind the challenge always on residual values is that’s more about the wholesale perspective and the ability for dealers to purchase those – that used equipment coming off of lease and adding it to their used inventory level. So, we do continue to see some lower residual values on leasing and you saw that reflected in the results for the quarter. But again, I think the good news there is generally stabilization on that used equipment pricing.
Tony Huegel: Well, again, I think the thing I would point out keep in mind that’s a quarter-over-quarter difference that you are comparing what happened in 2015 to what happened in 2016. And then so we certainly didn’t see the increased level of incentive that we perhaps would often see in the fourth quarter didn’t repeat in 2016. So again, I think as you go forward, we are still focused on seeing good positive price realization across equipment operations and you are seeing that reflected in the forecast. So candidly, we are still in very low end markets, especially as you think about large ag equipment and so the price realization is I think fairly attractive given that perspective. But it’s really driven I would point out by our ability to continue to innovate. You are seeing that in our R&D spend and now you are seeing the benefit of that as we bring innovative new product out, we are able to then see that in the form of price realization. And so I think again, I think it’s a pretty positive story overall. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yes. So, as you think about orders and keep my early order program primarily relate to the U.S. and Canada on large ag equipment. You see it in limited form in some of the other parts of the world. As you think about the combine early order program, keep in mind, it’s still in process. So, that actually ends in January. During the quarter, we would have ended our second phase of a multiphase program. I would tell you the order intake there was very supportive of the forecast in that regard. And again on large tractors, we continue to be pretty much in line slightly behind on the 8R tractors, if you think about availability year-over-year, but again, very supportive order position on the North American large ag versus our forecast. As you think about outside and I think maybe the most significant one is Brazil in South America and I think the question there that we talked about last quarter was, how much of that is simply pull ahead of that Tier 3 conversion that I mentioned previously. And we are seeing strength in the order book beyond the January 1 date and so that really is why we are reflecting that higher level of sales for the full fiscal year. Certainly, you will see some strength in the next couple of months, this month and December, ahead of that Tier 3. But our belief is what we are seeing in the order book that, that strength will continue beyond December 31. So, the short answer to your question on South America is yes, we are seeing it in the order book.
Tony Huegel: Yes. Again, we don’t guide on what those levels are by product type per se. But I think when you think about the levels that we are seeing from an inventory perspective specifically with that 100 plus, we did end the year with higher levels of 100 plus horsepower tractors. But as you point out, that was almost all below the 200 – 220 horsepower, what we call large ag and really in that 6,000 series type of product. And you see that reflected in our lower receivables and inventory next year for the ag division. Much of that is kind of that midsized equipment getting pulled down further in 2017. And some of that candidly as we ended the year up higher than we would have liked on the 6,000 in particular. We talked a lot about that issue in the past. As you think about large ag equipment, as we expected, we are producing mostly the retail on large ag equipment as we go into 2017 and that’s I think reflected in that sales outlook.
Tony Huegel: Sure. I think probably the biggest category or biggest reason there is simply the new products that we have in the market and we would expect those to help continue to provide some market share. So, that would be the short answer. Alright, thank you.
Tony Huegel: Right. Generally, when we have talked about large versus small, we have also pointed out small really combines midsize and utility. And so what you are seeing in some of that underproduction, as I mentioned earlier, a lot of that underproduction is coming of that midsized product, which again from a mix perspective would be a bit more negative. So, as you think about year-over-year strengths and weaknesses in the business, you are still seeing a fair level of weakness in some of that mid to large equipment at least year-over-year with continued strength in the smaller end of the portfolio. So, that’s just from a product mix perspective and given where South American volumes are today, that geographic mix wouldn’t be as attractive as what it would be if we were in more normal levels. So keep in mind, their production is significantly down as well and so that does put pressure there. So, it’s kind of a combination of those things. Volume candidly though, year-over-year volume for ag and turf is the bigger headwind, there is some mix impact as well.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I am going to take that question and make it broader than just tax. And what I would tell you is the thing – the most important thing is anything that’s being talked about in media and anywhere else is obviously speculation at this point in terms of what may or may not happen. And so certainly internally, we are evaluating different scenarios. So, the short answer to your question is the, of course, we are looking at what that impact may or may not be, but we are looking at all kinds of scenarios, because at the end of the day, we want to be prepared for whatever does become reality. But we are – at this point, it would be premature to talk about that publicly just because it would be pure speculation, so – but we do appreciate the question. Thanks. Next caller.
Tony Huegel: Yes. It certainly – Europe as you are well aware, it’s always a mixed bag country by country in terms of where you maybe seeing some strength versus weakness. I will start with dairy though. I mean really what we are seeing there is in some of the dairy pricing, you are certainly starting to see some of that level – you see some periods where dairy pricing was up pretty nicely, but it’s early. But again, I think that’s what we characterize it as we did. There are signs that it’s bottoming, that doesn’t mean it bottomed or how soon things might recover, but that is a positive versus where we would have been even as early as last quarter incrementally in Europe. But if you think about more broadly, I mean clearly, I think maybe the two of the more noteworthy regions there, France, which is our largest market, went through a very difficult harvest and the harvest is down. Farm incomes are going to be lower. That’s going to put pressure clearly on sales there, and coupled with that, as you are probably aware, there was a tax incentive program earlier in the year in France that did drive a lot of sales. And now while it’s still in place, not a lot of income for those French farmers, so it’s unlikely to have this anywhere near the type of advantages it did last year. So arguably, France would be a more challenged market. In the very short-term, I don’t want to emphasize that, the concerns around Brexit and so on could – is expected to drive some benefit for the UK. You have seen exports of the used equipment become much more attractive with the FX shifts. And in the short-term we are likely to see some higher level of sales as most of those customers they are expecting that they still see some price increases as most manufacturers are importing into the UK. And so again, with the FX shift, that’s likely to drive higher pricing and so they are buying ahead of that. So, there would be some benefit again in the short-term there. Longer term, obviously, that would likely have more downside than upside. So, I think those are maybe a couple of the more significant and especially when you throw the dairy commentary in the more significant pieces of Europe as you think about 2017. Thank you. Next caller.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Yes, I think – as you know I would start with while certainly being able to produce to retail in some of those large ag factories is a benefit year-over-year. I would stress we are still at really low levels. We have talked before about capacity being below 50% in most of those – really across the board in the large ag facilities. That wouldn’t change with the ability to build to retail. Because keep in mind, while we did draw field inventories down last year, it wasn’t as significant of a drawdown as what we experienced for example in 2015. So again, you get benefit, but it’s not like all of a sudden, those factories are running at highly efficient levels. So, I think that’s probably the most important thing to keep in mind. We haven’t talked about the level of specifically what the underproduction was last year. But I think again, you are seeing that reflected in the overall outlook. If you look at the sales, while most of our markets especially our largest market down 5 to 10 on a retail basis, you are seeing our sales reflecting a more positive trend than that. And I think that’s part of that story. So, probably not much more I can say on that, but hopefully gives you a little bit of additional color.
Tony Huegel: I think we are going to have to move on. There is a large number of people still in queue. Yes, sorry. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yes. I think in the quarter, we would have seen similar maybe slightly higher return rates. So, it wasn’t a major shift towards customers or dealers keeping that equipment. So that kind of continued. But again, that’s all factored in. Any of those shifts would have been factored into the impairment and loss in anticipation or charge that we would have taken in the quarter as we have through most of 2016. We continue to look out over the next 12 months at our lease maturities and based on more recent activity both the return rate and loss rate would book, what we think is an appropriate impairment on some of those future maturities. So, again, we would have – I think the key there is we would have reflected that already at least for the next 12 months in that outlook.
Tony Huegel: Yes, to appreciate that question, we – as you saw really in our numbers for receivables and inventory last year, our dealers drew their inventory level down pretty dramatically in ‘16. As a result, while we are still on an inventory and receivable level bringing C&F down further, that’s almost all inventory for C&F. There is very little receivable reduction in that division and it’s really just reflective from a new equipment perspective, we think our dealers are in very good shape. Now, the good news there is if we ever do start seeing more positive trends in that market for us, I think we would be in a position where dealers would likely need to add to their inventory from current levels. So again, I think that’s reflective of the good work the division and our dealers did in 2016 that we are able to put that type of forecast for sales in 2017.
Tony Huegel: No. Used continues to be – and that’s one of the drags we would continue to point to. I think Josh pointed out in the opening comments. Used continues to be one of those kind of weights or headwinds for that market. Certainly, our dealers aren’t – we would argue probably in a little better shape than much of the competition, but again, that’s a little harder to gauge as well, but certainly broadly for that market will continue to be a headwind.
Tony Huegel: And I am assuming that question is mostly targeted towards ag since that was the division that really had a pretty strong beat in the quarter. I would tell you from a sales perspective clearly, our sales were higher. Pricing again was the incentive spend just wasn’t as high in the quarter. So, that was a big part of the – most of the beat. But as you think about even on a volume basis, we did see kind of broadly some better sales levels. So, it didn’t come from all U.S. and Canada. It didn’t come even to the extent that there was increases in U.S. and Canada, it was broadly across a number of products. So, it would be difficult for us to even call out unless we put a very long list together where that sales increase came from. And sometimes, we will have quarters where unfortunately everything kind of moves against us. And we have a lot of little things that add up to a big negative. This happens to be a quarter where we have a lot of little things that were positive that all added up to a pretty nice advantage for us.
Tony Huegel: The only other thing and you will see it certainly in the – when we release the K that it’s almost – we talked about it being international. It really relates to both our Chinese operations as well as the joint venture in Brazil. It’s roughly half and half.
Tony Huegel: Yes, for C&F. So again, yes, so, it’s about $13 million related to C&F China – operations in China and then about $12 million related to the joint venture in Brazil. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: And then keep in mind, we did increase historically – that would have been 12% last year for 2016, it went to 13% for 2017, we are bumping that up yet again to 16%. I will point out a slight increase at mid-cycle as well. Last year, we bumped it to 24% and that moves to 26%.
Tony Huegel: Alright, thank you. Again, we appreciate your participation on the call. As always, we will be available throughout the day to take any follow-up questions. Thank you.
