Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Hello. Good morning. Also on the call today are John May, Chairman and CEO; Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, Ag & Turf Division President; and Brent Norwood, Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and current outlook for fiscal 2020. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note slides are available to complement the call this morning that can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including in the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events. I'll now turn the call over to John May.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jamie. I'll start. As we think about cost actions that we've taken, we had the voluntary separation program that we executed in the first quarter. We're seeing savings on that throughout the remainder of 2020. And on top of that, as we talked about, we pulled levers. We reduced SA&G full year, we expect it to be down about 11%. We've been more targeted or surgical with what we've done on R&D. And then, we also see some things like incentive comp, that's a bit of an automatic lever as we shift up and down the business.  So, those are the things that would be contemplated in our guide. As it relates to further actions, we don't have anything in this forecast today.
Josh Jepsen: I'll start, Jerry. I think, when we look at precision ag, I think we're continuing to see strong adoption. Cory made reference to our connected machines, over 201,000 connected machines, engaged acres now over 190 million engaged acres. And those are the -- if you think about, those are the things that are driving -- the underlying tools that are executing on that, we're continuing to see strong adoption of things like ExactEmerge, and planting progress. This year, obviously, weather's been conducive, but we're seeing significant improvements in what we've done there. And things like Combine Advisor and some of the things that we talked about in the past all continue to be strong. I think today what we're seeing, and Cory can add some context here, just what we're seeing on the aftermarket side, and the ability to deliver a customer experience to customers that is somewhat unmatched in particularly an environment like this. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, certainly, we're early days on some of these initiatives. But, I think we've seen good progress. I mean, the digital tools and being able to diagnose these things and do it proactively has definitely helped this year. We're planting earlier than we did last year. So, that plays some role into it. But we have seen an uptick, particularly in North American ag parts in the early part of the year. So, that's been positive. But we've also -- dealers have also done a lot of work in addition to our parts organization to support that.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe one last thing to add on top of that, just from a digital tool perspective, a lot of our dealers have done a lot of work with online showrooms, virtual machine walk-around, and we've seen significant opportunities there of our dealers differentiating their offering, and maybe in particular, in Brazil, where we've seen just a lot of great activity relative to how do we support and sell in a different environment.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, when you think about, particularly what we've got included in our forecast, last quarter, we talked about premium freight being one of the biggest items. So, we continue to expect that full year. On the ag side, for example, we expect about $50 million of premium freight, as supply bases come back online, and we're working to get those parts and components into our facilities. So, that would be one of the bigger ones. On top of that, it's harder to quantify some of the disruption or to your point, social distancing or additional PP&E to keep folks safe. So, there are other costs relative to operating in this environment, as well as just some of the inefficiencies relative to disruption.  So, we have some of those really in both divisions. But, if you think about from an Ag & Turf perspective, even with those costs, we're talking about for the full year decrementals in the upper-teens to low-20s. So, feel really good about the ability to execute there in the uncertain environment.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Rob. I mean, I think as you think about construction inventories and really in particular talking about North American construction equipment, we entered the year 1Q, we talked about under-producing. We will under produce and will under produce more than we expected to coming into this quarter. I think, how much did it come down in 2Q versus expectations? I mean the speed at which the deceleration occurred was candidly just faster than we would have expected. And we're taking actions there to pull back there. And as I mentioned, we'll under produce and try to manage those accordingly. Maybe to the other part of your question, a little bit of the phenomenon how we saw those inventories evolve. I mean, I think it's a combination of managing new fresh inventory in the dealer channel, as well as dealer owned rental fleet. So, there's combination when we think about total dealer inventory, it's really two pieces in trying to manage the combination of those two. And certainly, on the production side as we under produce, we can pull back the new factor, and then, the dealers will work through those -- converting those rental machines into sale. So it's really a balance of managing both components of those inventories.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think when we think about the back half of the year for C&F, I mean, as mentioned, the biggest driver is volume and the under-production that we're doing in the back half of the year. So, that has pretty significant impact. And I think, we think about road building, road building for the full year, we expect to be down about 25%. So, that's a pretty significant reduction as well on a business that drives pretty strong margin performance as well. I think, as we look at overall though, maybe to your point, to your question, we'd expect that we're positive for the -- in the back half of the year. So, no major shifts. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, when you think about back half, I mean, there's a few things, couple that I mentioned, I think in Courtney's question, but, so we do have some of these incremental COVID related costs. So, premium freight, some of the inefficiencies just relative to disruption in the operations and other COVID related costs. And then, FX has turned pretty negatively, as you saw, significant deterioration versus $1 on a number of currencies, but, in particular, the Brazilian real. Obviously, that's -- that was occurring in March. So, you see more of that impact in the back half of the year. And then, from a volume perspective, we do expect the back half to be down a little bit more than what we experienced in the first half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Full year, we expect mix is favorable and it's been relatively neutral kind of through the first half of the year. So, that's correct.
Josh Jepsen: It's Josh. I'll start. I mean, I think, when you look at Waterloo, as Cory mentioned, 90% of the year ordered out. We've got eight-hours [ph] availability is into September, into kind of mid to late-September. So, we continue to move forward there. So, I think that's a positive. Obviously now we're building the new machines as we go forward. We did see some disruption on the supply side. So, we spent a few weeks down as we were going through some supply challenges. And as a result, that's impacted a little bit of what we've been able to do in May. But as Cory mentioned, we're confident in the ability to catch up there and are back up and running building tractors today.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, I think as it relates to Waterloo -- maybe starting ag in total. The back half -- we expect back half volumes to be down a little bit more than the first half, so not equally matched. So, down a little bit in the back half. As it relates to Waterloo, when you think about large or high horsepower row-crop tractors, we're going to be in line effectively for the year in terms of production relative to retail. So, not huge shift... 
Josh Jepsen: Just to be clear, I'm speaking just on the second half. Will production be in line with retail for high horsepower in the second half of the year versus just to remind of the comp it's going against the year ago, production versus retail, second half versus second half.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, I think, it probably hasn’t changed significantly from where we’ve been a quarter ago just because of the…
Josh Jepsen: Yes. It's a great question, Andy. And we'll kick off Crop Care piece here in early June. So, I think as you rightly note, lots of questions and plenty of uncertainty from a customer perspective. So, I think we'll have to see how they play out.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Andy. Well, thanks everyone. With that, we'll wrap up the call. We appreciate the interest. And we'll talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Cory Reed: Yes. Jerry, I would start with -- we made a couple of comments about the core infrastructure. The ability to connect out to each of these machines, both at the individual vehicle level and at the system level, has allowed us to keep customers up and running. I'll give you an example of planting. We had a customer who had hooked this planter up wrong, had individual hydraulic down force on his planter. We're now getting digital connections between those planters back to our dealers who are able to diagnose those machines down to the individual row unit without having to be in the field looking at the problem. We’re able to proactively see that alert come through, alert the customer when they were starting planting that it wasn't planting appropriately, and be able to turn that into a fix that allows that customer's crops be planted correctly and preserve their revenue. That's one of a thousand of these examples. On the aftermarket side, it's been incredible to see how the digital infrastructure has allowed us to see machine failures, be able to connect with customers through digital portals, be able to seamlessly continue aftermarket connections back to the dealership in a way that allows us to deliver parts without ever having a face to face transaction. So, that's just a decade of putting the infrastructure in place. This allowed our customers and dealers to now take that infrastructure and turn it into a tremendous experience for them in a difficult time.
Cory Reed: Yes. I think, we have a couple of things -- this is Cory. We have a couple of things going on. Number one, we have an aging fleet. We've been down in new volumes over a number of years, so as the fleet ages, the opportunity for that aftermarket potential. If you look back four or five, six years ago, some of the highest machine populations we put in that aftermarket opportunity is huge. We put an infrastructure in place to be able to connect to those machines, to keep our customers up and running and we put systems in place at our dealers that allow them to transact in an e-commerce way that differentiates them in the market. So, a couple of points there. Obviously, there's an opportunity for us to both upgrade their equipment through performance upgrades, things that we can take back across their fleet, and also the opportunity to trade them into new equipment over time. That aging fleet gives benefits in a number of ways. The connections that our dealers have been able to make using e-commerce, using their dealer customer portals is a differentiator for them today, and they've continued to grow their aftermarket business as a result of it.
Cory Reed: Sure. This is Cory. I think, no doubt that there's uncertainty created by what's happened with the pandemic. I think, the big factors are thinking about what the demand will look like from U.S.-China trade deal. It's certainly the case that our fleet is aging. So, if you look at the availability to take technology and upgrade both the performance of the machine and the profitability of the farmers operations, we really have two ways of doing that. We can take those technologies back across the existing fleet to performance upgrades, or we can trade those farmers going forward into new technology. I think, the demand side of that is yet to be determined going into 2021, because there's a lot of interruptions, certainly the government programs. If you look at what they've done, they've done a leveling effect that's helped customers both maintain their profitability throughout this year. The insurance programs have given them a level of certainty as to where their incomes will be. As we look to 2021, we'll look to the general economy and look to how trade continues through the remainder of the year.
Cory Reed: Yes. One other phenomenon that we talked about is our units -- with replacement kind of getting pushed out with trade and then COVID, our units have been flattish and at a lower level, but we continue to grow the per unit sales in the business as customers continue to buy higher spec, more productive machines. And so, that’s a phenomenon that gives us a little more confidence that even if industry is maybe a little bit challenged, we're going to be able to outperform given our value proposition and given our customers’ propensity to continue to upgrade and purchase our latest and most productive equipment.
Cory Reed: Yes. The only other thing I would add is what that transition was taking place at the end of the second quarter. We're now building a product that's outstanding. From a customer perspective as it's hitting the market, our customers have responded very favorably to it. So, while we obviously have our current order book largely filled, we're very pleased with the performance of the new machine as it's hitting the market. And it contains a lot of game-changing technology as we move forward into '21 and beyond.
Cory Reed: It varies year-to-year. So, if you think about exports from Waterloo though, it predominantly would be Europe and in some other parts of the world, think like Oceania, Australia, New Zealand. But, those would be some of the biggest ones with Brazil now producing for themselves.
