Rajesh Kalathur: Yes, I'll take a minute to recognize Marie Ziegler. As many of you know, Marie Ziegler, Deere's longtime Head of Investor Relations and currently Deputy Financial -- Chief Financial Officer, will be retiring soon after 35 years with the company. Over this time, she has become well known to the investment community as Deere's primary face and voice. She initiated Deere's quarterly conference calls in 1990s and has been a knowledgeable and authoritative presence on them ever since. Indeed, Marie essentially created the Deere IR function and has developed quite a reputation in the field for her efforts to build strong relations with the company's investors. She's also developed employees and capabilities at Deere to sustain our reputation in this field for the long term. This is Marie's final call. She will be missed by all of us, but her many contributions to the company, its investors and to the practice of Investor Relations itself, will no doubt, be felt for years to come. I'm sure Marie's friends in the analyst community join those of us at Deere in wishing her much health and happiness as she enters the next chapter of her life. Thank you, Marie. 
Rajesh Kalathur: Eli, on the John Deere Landscapes, you're right that there's no accounting gain. But I want you to understand that, economically, it was a good decision for us. 
Rajesh Kalathur: So Andy, I would add that the receipts from the sale of John Deere Landscapes, $300 million in cash, that is something that you should expect us to use for share repurchases over the next 12 months as well. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And as you're aware last year, we did change our guidance some and we're giving an overall cost of sales number. And so, we're no longer giving the details of the moving pieces. I think as Susan went through the list of things to keep in mind in terms of those items that are creating a higher cost, mix would be the largest and then Tier 4 emissions cost would be the second largest. You'll note the absence of reference to material costs, which I think from there, you can, you can infer that the impact is not material enough to mention. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And I think with the R&D reduction, it's fair to note, first of all, Susan had mentioned the reduction in pension and OPEB expense and that does impact R&D to some degree. So that's part of the reduction. And so, I would argue we're really not flat. We're a little below flat, but closer to that if you take out the impact of the pension OPEB. But it does reflect our focus on continuing to maintain the cost, to your point, as we move through Final Tier 4 now and as we -- 2015, we have a significant number of products coming in as well. But as we continue to move through that, it would be fair to expect, all things being equal, to start to see some reduction in R&D. Of course, that's assuming there aren't other additional opportunities in -- in new products, those sorts of things. 
Tony Huegel: Yes. Keep in mind that the industry guidance would not include, you pointed out pricing, so as we're forecasting 2 points of positive price realization for 2014, of course, ag would be contributing to that. So that wouldn't be included. Market share gains and expectations also would not be included in those industry outlooks. The other thing, and Susan highlighted that, is keep in mind South America's only focused, in terms of our outlook, only referring to combines and tractors. And so for Deere, there is significant opportunity, as we're a full product offer -- have a full product offering in South America, things like sugarcane harvesters, planters. Susan also mentioned the Deere-Bauer planter, which is localized in Brazil now, sprayers that we've recently localized. So we have a lot of opportunity beyond that there. And of course, CIS and Asia are not numerically represented. So those are a few items that cause some disparity between the industry outlook and the Deere guidance. 
Tony Huegel: Yes. Most of the commentary we would have would be around large ag, in particular. As we look at -- the one most -- or a couple that most are focused on are combines and large tractors. And the early order program for combines, keep in mind it's a little hard, because of some of the timing differences in our 2013 and 2014 early order programs. We had a much earlier start this year as part of our Final Tier 4 transition, but what we'll tell you is combines today are down year-over-year on orders. That's reflected in our outlook. If you look at large tractors, however, it's still a very, very strong order book. It is open through the end of May today. And so as you look at 8R tractors, our availability on 8R tractors is out to basically early June. This year on the wheel tractor, last year that would've been around April time frame. And then if you look at track tractors, our 9R tractors, again on the wheeled variety, availability is March this year of 2014. Last year, we would've been in the February time frame. So both of those are running a little ahead. Track tractors, conversely, are about a month or so lighter than where we were last year. So, 8R track availability in April versus May last year and then 9Rs are February versus May of last year. But still, overall, a pretty strong order book as we look out into, especially the first half of next year. 
Tony Huegel: No, you would be correct. And as we talked about tractors, you would have -- if you looked at a numeric basis, you're more apples-to-apples, if anything, you have a little bit higher volume in terms of numbers of tractors in the 2014 order book versus the 2013. So it actually would be the opposite on tractors. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, as you think about the pricing, certainly, you're right, we did. As we started our model here, we did have some stub price, some lighter price increases on the Interim Tier 4 product that we're producing ahead of the transitions. And then we will have... 
Tony Huegel: Pardon me? Yes, that would have been effective in November, on combine. And then when we begin our transition in January and start shipping Final Tier 4, of course, there will be a bit of another bump in pricing with the Final Tier 4 product. Similar situation with the 8R tractors. You have a smaller price increase beginning in November on the IT4 product. Again, the 8R, as you might recall, transitions in April time frame. 7R is a little less impacted, because it's similar to combines, it's transitioning in January time frame. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, exactly. And to your point, though. Keep in mind, in Europe, it's based on when -- the effective date is based on when the engine is produced, not when -- in the U.S., where it's based on when the equipment begins final production. So there is a little bit different strategy in terms of how you plan for those transitions for Europe versus the U.S. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And the answer to the first question is specifically related to tractors in terms of market share. Absolutely, we believe we'll continue to gain traction and gain market share in that market. We continue to localize product. We've talked about the 8R tractor will be localized by the end of 2015, but as we continue to leverage that dealer distribution, as we continue to leverage our full product offering that we have available in-country, we fully expect that, that market share trend will continue. As it relates to Construction and Forestry, of course, as with any new factory, it will ramp up a little slower. But in terms of importance for Deere, keep in mind that this is also the first full year that we'll have our distribution in place in Brazil. So as you look at the sales increase for Construction and Forestry, certainly you're beginning to see, and I think Susan mentioned in the opening comments, we're beginning to see some benefit from those investments like Brazil, of course, our China facility. We export a significant portion of that into the Russian market, so we'll see some benefit there. And then, of course, forestry starting to recover outside of the U.S. and Canada as well. But certainly, we'll begin to see some benefit from those operations. 
Tony Huegel: Yes. At this point, we still feel that the FINAME program will continue to be very supportive to sales. I think there was some confusion or some concerns around a recent announcement that was made that's limiting a bit of the 2013, the remaining 2013 financing that's available. Really, as we look at that, it's -- our view is that it's really regulating kind of that year end process as they transition to the 2014. What's happened is that under the -- there's 2 ways you can apply for that financing. Under the conventional application process, which is a little bit longer term, but you also have longer lead time, that basically was suspended. You had until the end of November to deliver product. But there's still the opportunity to get that 3.5% interest rate through the simplified application process. So it's -- the funds are still available. As you look out into 2014, maybe more to your question, we fully expect that there will be a FINAME program in place at the beginning of 2014. While nothing specifically has been announced, most are expecting that, that interest rate will increase. Our best estimate is somewhere in the 4.5% to 5.5% interest rate versus the 3.5% this year, or in the back half of 2013. But again, continue to believe that it will be very supportive for equipment sales. And that is -- it's a good point. And that is all fully factored into our outlook. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. I think generally speaking, again, you're -- we are looking for the market, the industry, to be a little softer and it's really reflective, I think, overall, as you look at lower farm income as a result of the lower commodity prices that certainly, that's still at very strong levels and very supportive levels, but year-over-year, it would be down somewhat. Livestock margins, of course, will benefit from those lower commodity prices. So you're seeing some strength there as well. As you look at some of the moving pieces. Certainly, the U.K. we would expect to see some recovery. As you might remember, 2013 was a down year on demand in the U.K. as a result of some of the weather impact. They had some very wet, both harvest of 2012 and into the planting season of 2013. Actually, seeing some recovery in Spain as well. Conversely, you're seeing France, one of our larger markets there, you're seeing a little bit of weakness there. Again, following a very strong 2013. So still a good level, but seeing a little bit of weakness as we go into 2014 year-over-year. 
Tony Huegel: Well, I think as we mentioned before, certainly as you look at the U.S. markets, U.S. and Canada markets, and look at the underlying fundamentals, they are much improved as we go forward. You look at things like GDP forecasted at 2.5% versus the 1.5% in '13. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, but it's improved, in the right direction. Housing starts being up yet again in the forecast for 2014. You're starting to see some site development financing, while not picking up, you're not seeing that continuing to drop off. So you have the underlying fundamentals. But again, keep in mind, as we look at that up 10%, that also is reflecting some strength outside of the U.S. and Canada as well. As we continue to invest in those businesses, we're starting to see that pay off in sales. 
Tony Huegel: Again, I think as you look, certainly you had production costs, were, as you look at the fourth quarter, price realization was the biggest piece we did. SA&G was down year-over-year in the quarter as well. So I think, kind of the spending, price and spending were the biggest impacts. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think certainly as we've mentioned in the opening comments, you're looking at a greater decline closer to, again, lower double-digits in the large ag and some strength in small ag. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. As you look at used, again, I think the 2 categories most are asking about would be large tractors and combines. As you look at used equipment levels in the quarter on combines, actually, inventories dropped very considerably during our fourth quarter, about a 25% drop from July to October. So that's been a very good sign. Used tractor inventory on the flip side is up and certainly, that's reflective of the higher demand level we've had on new equipment. But we are seeing higher levels of tractors and certainly are focused on that and monitoring that closely. 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly, that would be -- as we set our pricing and so on, that would be one of the factors we're considering. So it's all included in our outlook. And so that up to 2 points of price realization in the year is what we would anticipate being able to do. 
Tony Huegel: Yes. We certainly, as we're looking into next year, our base case would assume that the bonus depreciation does not get renewed. And on Section 179, just -- obviously, there's -- as you look at Section 179, we would believe there is a better potential that you'd see some extension there. Our base case, given the uncertainty in, at least in our outlook, is based on kind of in the middle ground, where it would be extended, but it would be at the 250,000 versus the 500 this year. Okay, next caller? And this will be our last question. 
Marie Ziegler: Chime in to that, when we look at our R&D spend, Jamie, we're really looking at the long term and the opportunities and we're investing for growth. And while of course, depending on business conditions, you're going to be very mindful of that, we really have our eye on the long term when we consider that. You shouldn't really look at a near-term market condition per se and correlate that to the R&D spend because the lead times and the investment horizon is much longer. 
Marie Ziegler: But remember that the price increases that are associated with the Final Tier 4, that with the compliance, are not included in price, because we consider that volume, because you're getting something different or new with that. And so it is all stripped out and re-classed into volume. So you won't see that in that 2% number. 
Marie Ziegler: Europe is a -- the primary market in Europe is a smaller horsepower. So that's really not the first phase of Final Tier 4. I think, I can't remember what it's called in Europe, Stage 4 or something like that, but that's really a 2015 now phenomena. Yes. 
Marie Ziegler: And just -- I'll just add that France actually is the largest agricultural equipment market in the EU 28. So as they go, that does have an impact on the overall. 
Marie Ziegler: And the fact that we're able to build some demand as opposed to reducing inventories, which we did do in 2013, so the combination collectively gives us an up 10%. 
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. That was done as -- actually even though it was leaked in October, the rumors and the expectations had been in play long before that. So that is fully factored into our outlook. 
Marie Ziegler: We have a little more favorable mix and an issue this year, so -- but a little better mix, it's primarily volume. 
Marie Ziegler: But pricing on used tractors is actually up single-digit and turnover continues to be very good. Combines are down a little from very high levels, but still at good levels in terms of price. 
Marie Ziegler: There's not much of an impact. I would -- you can just consider it a neutral. They were profitable, but it's -- but you will -- the absence of the impairment is probably a more important item. 
Marie Ziegler: The portfolio is up significantly. We're up about $5 billion this year. And so, you get the benefit of having that larger portfolio for the full year. 
Marie Ziegler: Correct. Correct. But expect that there -- and next year, we're actually projecting further growth in the portfolio. 
Marie Ziegler: And we just had a large number of new product introductions we believe will be adding significant value into the market and we think that will help. That certainly helps support our ability to get that price realization. 
Marie Ziegler: It's actually, we had better income, you have the impairments, which actually further helped, because those were noncash charges, accrued taxes came in a little lower and payables also were favorable. And those are really the big items affecting the cash flow generation in the quarter, that's versus our expectations. 
Marie Ziegler: I think as we got confidence and certainly saw the cash flow coming in better in the quarter, you saw us able to respond better. In any given quarter, it's very difficult to read anything into our future plans. I'm going to tell you, in the first quarter, you can expect that we're going to typically be fairly cautious, because remember, we are big users of cash in that first quarter. So you're going to want to look at our activities over the course of the year. This year, we returned 50% of our cash through dividends and share repurchase, and over the last decade, we've been running more at like 55% to 60%. We are very proud of that track record and we've always said that we're interested in being known as a company that has a long history of making dividend increases and we've kept our word on that. It's not necessarily every year at a fixed period, but consistently. And then secondly, we very much view share repurchase as a way to return our residual cash, and looking at the cash projections, there would be some hope for those of you cheering on share repurchase, that you'll continue to see that. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, and that is not in our cash flow number because that's cash generated by investing activity, so that would be okay. And with that, we're going to need to wrap up. So I'm going to just sign off on my 83rd conference call. Thank you, all. 
