Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Robin. Hello. Good morning. Also on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ryan Campbell, CFO; Jill Sanchez, Manager of Sustainability and Investor Relations; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere’s first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2022. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Josh Jepsen: Sure, this is Josh. I can take that one. Through the work of the production systems teams, we attempt to quantify the total value of a new or prospective solution that we will deliver. And if we use Ag as an example, we multiply that value by the addressable acres to arrive at the incremental addressable market figure. The total value represents the entirety of the economic headroom unlock that will then be shared by Deere, our customers and other industry stakeholders. So our figure here is forward-looking, does not include solutions that are already in the market today, things like ExactEmerge or ExactApply. See & Spray Ultimate is an easy example to follow. Simply put, See & Spray vastly reduces the amount of herbicide required to grow a crop. The incremental addressable market would calculate the herbicide savings per acre multiplied by the addressable acres. That’s the value of the solution that gets shared between Deere, customers and other stakeholders.
Josh Jepsen: Now we are ready to get into the Q&A portion of today’s call. The operator will provide instructions.
Josh Jepsen: That’s the industry – sorry, if you couldn’t hear me, Jerry. The industry – the value that we can create $150 billion is at the highest level. If you think about how does that work its way down to Deere, I think there is a couple of steps. It’s – what is our market share and then what is the share of value between customer and the company. So, those would be the components to work that down from $150 billion to what would impact our top line. And as John and Ryan mentioned, as we execute and work to unlock the value through the goals that we have laid out today, we think there is a significant amount of opportunity not just between here and 2030, but 2030 and beyond.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Courtney. The – you are right. Today, the recurring revenue that we have is relatively small, primarily focused around guidance, subscriptions in terms of correction signals. So, it is a small portion today. And we will begin building that with – as we get out this year with See & Spray Ultimate and the autonomous solution that John mentioned. So, that will start the foundation. We would not expect that it’s linear. It will take time to build that base and to see that grow. So, that’s the way that we would frame that up, the way we are thinking about that today. As it relates to trade-offs, the question there is really, as you make some shift to moving from monetizing at point of sale to on a more recurring basis, we do expect to see some of that revenue really then move out of the upfront sale of the equipment and then incurred or received as we deliver that value on a more regular basis, whether that’s per year or by usage, et cetera.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I will start and this is Josh, Steve. The full year, definitely, if you look at the rest of the year, we raised guidance. What we see there is, I think two things. One, continued unpredictability and challenges in the supply chain, that was evident in the first quarter. We think that continues throughout the year. The hard part about that is it’s unpredictable and difficult to forecast, which also is driving higher freight cost, premium freight in particular, as we need to accelerate things to get them into the factories to keep production moving. So those, I would say are impacts that are weighing on the business as we go forward. I think importantly, as we look at the rest of the year forecast, our incrementals are strong. I think from an equipment operations perspective, in total, incrementals are in the 25% to 30% range, specifically on Production and Precision Ag, around 35% incremental rest of year. So, although we do expect some disruption and choppiness that we discussed through the supply chain, we feel good about the ability to execute as we manage through the year.
Josh Jepsen: This year, we have seen a step-up in R&D and that’s intentional and focused on the themes that Ryan and John had mentioned today. I think that focus will continue. As we discussed, we will be making investments to unlock this value as well as thinking about the journey on our emissions. So, I think those things, I would expect to continue. We will be making those investments around the themes and around the value that we can create for our customers. On the 20%, that’s equipment operations in total, so we haven’t broken out the moving pieces there in terms of the different business segments. Wouldn’t expect they are all the same. And as we go forward and execute, I think that will be – we will see where each business lies as we are continuing to unlock value.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Good morning David, this is Josh. I will start there. I would say, first and foremost, we are looking at what is the value that we can create? And the great thing about this is, this is value that is meaningful and impactful for our customers regardless of where we are in the cycle. And when you talk about either reducing their inputs, improving their profitability and improving yield. So, I think I would say the value creation here is somewhat agnostic of where are we in the cycle. And I think that’s the beauty of what we can do, in addition to the sustainable outcomes that will be beneficial and Jill referred to this. But we believe will create additional revenue opportunity for the customers as it comes to the potential for carbon or other markets as well as commodity differentiation. Thanks David. We will go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Sure. I think the point being that we are making there is today, we monetize very heavy at point of sale, and the opportunity to make that more accessible and see that technology is carrying that type of model to be more heavily adopted, more quickly adopted across more jobs, more acres at that different price point and really tied closer to the value that’s created through the technology is a significant opportunity for our customers and for us to be able to move forward. Thanks, Kristen. We will go ahead and take one more question.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Ross. Maybe one thing to clarify. When we think about new value of features or tools solutions, that’s not embedded in that price realization, that is really intended to be more from an inflationary perspective. So separate, we will see the value and the benefit of the solutions and tools that we are delivering from a technology point of view. Looking at the inflationary environment, we are monitoring this and trying to understand what is happening, both from an input perspective for our products and solutions and being cognizant of how do we price. And we have priced more dynamically in the last couple of years as a result of that. So, I would say we will continue to monitor and adjust our pricing accordingly with inflationary pressure staying high. Will we be above our historical averages in that 2 to 3 points potentially, I think that’s fair, but we will continue to be thoughtful there. I think one important thing to remember or consider as it relates to price is increases we are seeing in used prices of equipment. So, where we have seen strong increases on new, in many cases, we have seen more than double that increase on the used side. So, trade differentials have actually been pretty attractive from a customer perspective, so low levels of inventory have driven used prices to be strong.
Josh Jepsen: With that, we will wrap up the call. We thank everyone for their time, and we will talk soon. Take care.
John May: Yes, Brent. First, I really want to start with thanking our employees for overcoming a lot of adversity in the quarter. As you can see from the results, our factories were able to ramp up production rather quickly throughout the quarter. In fact, the AEM data, which is shown on Slide 20, shows that we outpaced the industry for the quarter in all but one of the categories. That is an amazing feat when you consider that many of our factories were down for 5 weeks because of work disruption. The credit for this impressive performance goes first to the factory employees, who did an outstanding job post ratification of our labor agreement, and next to our dealers who have managed through delays due to both supply chain challenges and work stoppages at our factories. They have done an incredible work rescheduling deliveries and making the necessary accommodations ahead of planting season to ensure our customers’ needs are taken care of. It’s worth noting that our supply base will likely remain challenged throughout fiscal year 2022. Issues continue to arise and our guidance contemplates successful resolution of these issues without significant disruptions. Components with heavy labor content remain in tight supply. And of course, semiconductor availability will continue to be limited throughout the year. Our supply management teams are working tirelessly on mitigation actions such as multi-sourcing, additional investments in supplier tooling and even, in some cases, helping our suppliers with supplemental John Deere labor. While the operating environment has been challenging, our supply partners are working with us to solve these challenges. I am proud of our collective efforts to get products into our customers’ hands as soon as possible in this challenging environment.
John May: Not at all, Brent. As you noted, our order books across all of our businesses are mostly full for the year, except in a few cases where we paused orders to allow for more price – dynamic pricing. Our guidance does reflect order restrictions where our supply base has constrained our ability to produce. In fact, fiscal year 2022 will be the second year in a row in which the industry demand has outstripped supply. That’s why we are already getting interest in our model year 2023 products. While we haven’t opened up model year 2023 yet, we will likely get started on that in the second quarter of the year.
John May: As I noted earlier, the first 2 years of the smart industrial operating model were about repositioning the organization. There were a lot of structural shifts needed before we could set goals that truly reflect our potential. We’ve worked – we’ve done a lot of work with our org design, also with our capital allocation process and standing up our CTO organization and have put – and that has put us in a position where we can achieve these ambitions. We also had a suite of legacy goals that were sunsetting in fiscal year 2022, so the timing worked out well in that respect. I’d also like to point out that the new goals contain both 4 and 8-year horizons, highlighting that longer lead times will be required to achieve some of our goals.
John May: Yes, I’d be happy to, Brent. You’re right. In the past, we publicly highlighted our financial goals. Usually, it would be a margin goal or an SVA type of goal. And then we had some eco efficiency goals, which were publicized less and not explicitly connected to our strategy. When we updated our strategy in 2020, it was clear that sustainability was going to be an integral part of our strategy and that the future goals would need to be better conveyed and with a lot more prominence. Well, there are a lot of different goals, the framework is relatively simple. It starts with identifying the new opportunities to create value. We call that incremental addressable market. Then we identified the key executional drivers required to unlock that incremental market. Last, we defined the outcomes we expect to generate, both in terms of financial and sustainable outcomes for Deere and our customers. Where Deere’s position is truly unique is that a singular strategy will deliver better financial returns for Deere and its stakeholders. It will also deliver aligned positive, sustainable outcomes. The alignment between the two is a key motivator for our team.
John May: Sure, Brent. We’ve always had internal goals around key executional items that help us deliver our business results. By making these public, we can help investors and stakeholders better understand our top priorities and give a better insight to the things we need to execute to unlock the immense opportunity ahead.
John May: Yes. Brent, let me start with this and give you my thoughts and then I would love to hear from Ryan as well. We have been working on autonomy for the last few years and always knew, always knew it would offer significant customer value. Even so, the response we got from our dealers and our customers was even greater than we imagined. The need for autonomy is here today. The demand for the solution is real. We already have customers paying for autonomy this spring. But we are still rolling it out on a limited basis. That said, we are very, very excited by how we see this scaling over the next few years. While we will scale to many more acres for the tillage solution, we are also working on scaling to additional jobs like planting and additional machine forms. More than any other technology, autonomy will scale deeper and faster and we are really excited by that. What’s also important to note, and I have some pride in this because of my relationship with Blue River, it’s important to note that the leverage we are getting from our Blue River Technology acquisition, they were able to utilize the same machine learning platform that they built for See & Spray to deliver our first autonomy solution. Augmenting Blue River’s capabilities with the outstanding talent and technology from Bear Flag’s Robotic will really ensure John Deere continues to win in autonomy.
John May: Yes, it’s a great question, Brent. People are our number one asset, and we would not have enjoyed the success we had last year without their hard work. Our goal there won’t – it will not change. We want to have the best talent, the best teams and we want to provide the best place to work. Our people are the foundation of our strategy. They are the ones driving the deep customer understanding within each production system. They are the ones developing the technology for the new tech stack and deploying that across the enterprise. They are coming up with the new ways to support our customers that we have never been able to do in the past. We would not have achieved the success that we have had up to this point without our world-class employees, and we will not achieve our success going forward without them. We have got the best employees in the industry, hands down.
John May: Yes. Maybe just to add, Josh, you had some great points there. This is John. A couple of things for you to think through. If you look at the smart industrial journey and where we have been and how we have executed over the last two years, our focus has been on, first of all deeply understanding our customers’ production systems. And once we do that, we know where we have the greatest opportunity to provide product, technology and solutions that unlocks value for the customer that may come in the form of lower input costs or make them in the form of our higher yields or even both. The benefit back to Deere is more revenue, more margin on a per unit basis. This next set of LEAP ambitions really allows us to do a couple of things. One, we have gone deeper, deeper into these production systems, and we have identified even greater opportunities to create value for our customers. At the same time, we have unlocked new technologies that we didn’t have access to over the last two years. That would be digitalization, automation, autonomy and electrification. You are going to see us invest heavily in those new technologies and continue to provide that value to the customer and build out that new revenue base for us and more profitability for our customers.
John May: Hey Rob, it’s John. I will start and great question. It’s actually very interesting because we had our staff meeting yesterday and at the end of our staff meeting, Jamie played a video for us of the first full production See & Spray Ultimate unit coming off the assembly line and on its way to customer hands and then went into much more detail than I am sure you are interested in where every camera automatically calibrated and machine started up and the systems were fully functional. So, we are really, really excited about what we are going to learn in the field this year. And to your point, to quantify some of that savings, I still think it’s going to be a high number. It’s going to be, I think around 80% herbicide reduction. And I plan personally to get out in the field with those sprayers and interact with our customers to see how they are performing. But just like autonomy, lots and lots of excitement from our customers and our dealers to get those products in the hands of their customers and to test not only the product but the business model.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Brent, this is Ryan. I’d like to add on to that by noting some of the key themes in our executional drivers. They should be familiar to those that have been following us but they are worth additional commentary. The segment-specific goals largely center around digitization, automation, autonomy and electrification. The inclusion of these themes in our Leap Ambitions indicates the focus of our capital allocation plans. As it relates to autonomy, you might ask why we don’t have a specific call out in our Production & Precision Ag segment. With our acquisition of Bear Flag Robotics and our CES announcement of our fully autonomous ADAR, we are aggressively working to deliver on these products and expand our offerings. In this segment, we’ve been working on autonomy for the last few years and felt we did not need a separate specific executional call-out at this point. Expect to see an increasing portion of our capital allocation weighted to these themes through R&D, CapEx and M&A. The structural improvements that we have made over the last few years were critical for us to be able to accelerate our investments in these key growth areas while also generating higher operating returns. These investments are key drivers for our ability to unlock the significant opportunity in front of us.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Brent. The goal reflects that the nature of our solutions is changing. Many of our future solutions will have a higher component of software and machine learning content. They will also evolve and improve over time. We will have the ability to support these products well after the point of sale, through over-the-year updates that add new capabilities or productivity enhancements. As a result, we will adapt our business model to reflect the continual value creation and improving nature of the solution sets. More total solutions will feature a renewable license component to them versus pricing almost exclusively at the point of sale. While it will take some time to build the base of recurring revenue, we see the potential for a future less dependent on the number of units of new equipment sales, which should help decrease the amplitude of our business cycle. And just as important, there is a significant customer benefit to this shift as future solutions may require a smaller upfront capital outlay versus the value created and also more closely match the payments to delivery of value. We think this will push adoption faster and deeper into the installed base, and different business models can also make some technologies more accessible to a broader set of producers.
Ryan Campbell: Keep in mind that the 20% is a through-cycle target compared to the 15% we have today. The 20% through-cycle target balances the investments that we will make to capitalize on this unique opportunity but also delivers continued margin improvement. It also balances the business model evolution to more recurring revenue, which will have some short-term margin trade-offs that ultimately should lead to increased margins and reduce variability in our performance over the long-term.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Sure, Brent. Although we’re not providing a growth rate or longer term revenue target, we clearly expect growth to be the key driver in our ability to generate higher returns. Let me focus on one aspect of that growth, precision technologies. Previously, we have discussed the ways in which we monetize precision features, including through our base equipment, adding options for newer technologies that allow customers to do jobs better and finally through subscriptions. When we develop solutions and monetize them in this way, we have grown the revenue and increased the margin in our business. This is shown by the performance in the Production & Precision Ag segment over the last few years. The journey for the PPA segment to date has been largely through monetizing solutions by adding them to base and by increasing take rates on additional features, to a much lesser extent on subscriptions. With the new strategy, the PPA business is now poised to grow the recurring revenue aspect of their business, which we believe can add higher margin potential over time. The Small Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry portions of our business are in the earlier stages of leveraging precision technologies to drive performance. Similar to the journey that PPA has been on, there is potential of margin expansion through increasing the base utilization of our precision offers as well as developing additional value-enhancing features and options for customers. As we progress on the execution of our strategy, there will also be more opportunities for building recurring revenue in these areas. We are confident in executing our margin target as we have been on the precision journey in parts of our business for some time and can see the results in our performance. In those areas, we are ready to begin the next phase. In other parts of the business, we can improve the unit revenue and margin performance through precision features, while we put the building blocks in place to unlock the next levels of value. For sure, there are other areas that will contribute to our margin improvement targets, but growth and more specifically, growth in precision technology, is expected to be the primary driver. It’s also worth noting that we have made significant progress on structural margin improvement over the last few years. And our new ambitions give us good line of sight towards structurally achieving 20% on a through-cycle basis. To the extent we accomplish this ahead of 2030, we will update our goal accordingly.
Ryan Campbell: John, this is Ryan. Just one thing to add to that, as we work to achieve our goal of 10% recurring revenue, autonomy will play a significant role. Along with further development of our sense and act platform, delivering these new technologies will be key in building our base of recurring revenue streams in addition to driving overall top line growth.
Ryan Campbell: Hey Jamie, it’s Ryan. They are not all the same, but I think it’s fair to say all of them will improve to hit that enterprise target of 20% through-cycle.
Ryan Campbell: Hey Ross, it’s Ryan. Maybe just real quick. The other thing, our equipment and solutions can help growers address the other inflationary parts of their P&L, which are trending higher right now. And so we think there is a benefit for upgrading technology because it can allow them to operate much more efficiently from an input perspective. And the inflation on those is significantly higher than what we are putting through on the equipment right now.
Jill Sanchez: Sure, Brent. Thanks. So we’re definitely still committed to seeing our existing goal sweep through to the end of 2022. We feel good about achieving success there, with our progress on Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions being a real standout. We just published our 2021 Sustainability Report today, and you can see our progress on these goals to date in that report. Also, as you look at the Leap Ambitions, you’ll notice that we will continue to focus on the key areas that were covered by our 2022 goals, but we’re raising the bar for ourselves in those areas as we look to the future.
Jill Sanchez: Yes. We have added a few more key areas that we will be focusing on going forward. One of the most significant to highlight is the inclusion of Scope 3 targets. There, we have committed to working with the Science-based Targets Initiative to align on a pathway for us to achieve a 30% reduction in our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, which includes a focus on our products as well as our supply chain by 2030. To accomplish this, we are actively exploring and innovating alternative power solutions that will address the emissions of the products we produce. And as you look at the full picture of the Leap Ambitions, you’ll see that this goal is directly linked to some of the executional drivers we have around electrification and demonstrating the viability of low- and no-carbon power solutions by 2026.
Jill Sanchez: Sure. In a lot of respects, the underlying themes around our Ag customer outcome goals are not new at all for us. As we’ve demonstrated in last year’s sustainability report as well as the report we just published today, our strategy has already been delivering solutions that unlock better economic and sustainable outcomes for our customers. In the past, we focused a lot on the economic piece as we’ve worked on product development and going to market with our product solutions. Going forward, we will, for sure, continue to focus on the economic piece, but you can expect to see us balancing that with the sustainability element as well. As an organization, this means we will be working throughout the development process to demonstrate and measure the impact that our technologies and solutions have not only on profitability and productivity but also on the carbon footprint and environmental impact of our customers’ operations. As precision technologies continue to reduce the inputs used per unit of output, the environmental impact of generating that output improves. And this is increasingly of interest in our customer base for a variety of reasons. First, our customers are seeing that the customers they serve are increasingly interested in traceability. Second, new markets are emerging such as carbon trading markets that present completely new revenue opportunities for our customers. And third, jurisdictions around the world are implementing new regulations that impact how our customers can execute their jobs. So through our precision tools and digital operations center, we feel confident we can address all of these by making our customers more profitable while also positioning them to continue serving their customers’ dynamic needs, enabling them to access these new markets and easing their regulatory burdens.
