Josh Jepsen: Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer, John Stone, President of Construction & Forestry, Jahmy Hindman, Chief Technology Officer, and Brent Norwood, Manager Investor Communications. We'll take a closer look today at our third-quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for Fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement this call. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere. com/earnings. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use recording transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere. com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Josh Jepsen: Now we are ready to begin Q&A. The Operator will instruct you on pulling procedures. In consideration of others, and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. Ted.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Adam. The early order programs, one of the things that we see, and when we look at what were the demand picture there is, it appears demand is going to be above the industry's ability to supply, given the supply constraints that we're facing. So I think that's one of the challenges that we see there. As we looked at the early order program, the crop care, supplanters and sprayers, as that opened up, we essentially filled the full-year production in the first phase of the program. So we will not run additional phases there. And when you think about combines, for combines, we recently opened that up. We're doing that a little bit differently this year in that we've allowed orders to begin, but we are taking time, pausing to be able to manage price cost dynamics there. So we can make those adjustments. And then from a price point of view for the PPA products or production precision Ag products that we have out, either on early order or that we've taken orders on. It carried roughly, 8% price increase for 2022. Thanks, Adam. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Sure, Steve. Maybe just backing up. 2021, we are price-cost positive for the full year. We do see that become more challenged in the fourth quarter. As we talked about, Brent mentioned a billion and a half of a material freight costs now, this year, almost 45% of that is in the fourth quarter. Importantly, as we think about going forward to next year as mentioned, we are on the PPA side of the business. We have about 8 points of price on the products that are out there right now. And both in combines, as I mentioned earlier, as well as our tractors adjusting a little bit of how we're managing order activity to better try to control the price cost dynamics. So we fully intend and expect that we'll be price-cost positive in '22 as well. Thanks, Steve. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. This is Josh. I'll start maybe just on talking a little bit on the take rate side. So we -- as noted, we saw significant steps up in planting on ExactEmerge as well as ExactApply on sprayers. So ExactEmerge is around 55%, that's about a 10 point jump from where we were a year ago. And just above 55 on ExactApply on the sprayer side, so we have seen those move up. And one other thing, as you think about technology and adoption. And we saw a pretty significant increase as well in engaged acres. So now over 290 million engaged acres. So when you think about the ability to -- you grow engagement there both through the use of technology, and then the data side in terms of what that can do from a decision-making perspective for customers and the value we can add. And we think that's a really significant opportunity for us to continue to see expanding.
Josh Jepsen: As we expected a quarter ago, we noted we thought the back half of the year would be more challenging. That's exactly what we saw. We saw more disruptions, more impacts to production, where we -- we were losing days of production at different facilities at different times throughout the quarter. And we think that continues, we don't see that easing up as we get into the fourth quarter and into 2022, so we think that continues. And one of the challenges is that it's a pretty wide variety of issues. It's not one select issue from materials to labor to logistics across the supply chain, which makes it a little more challenging. And also pretty diverse from a geographic perspective. So continue to manage through it. The teams are doing really good job of producing and being as productive as possible given the challenges, dealers are working really hard taking care of customers, making sure we're getting those products to them. But we don't -- we don't see that easing up here in the near-term. Thanks, Steve.
Josh Jepsen: David, I would say when we think about the price-cost dynamics, as we flip the modeling -- the fiscal year, price will reset there. I would not expect that we're necessarily seeing those price-cost dynamics be particularly negative as we go forward. And then the full year of '22, at this point, we would expect those to be positive from a price - cost point of view. I think maybe importantly is, fourth quarter is probably not a good read-through in terms of what we would expect from a margin perspective in the fiscal year or in the early part of '22.
Josh Jepsen: On the order book, I think product to product that will vary, in terms of how we work through when we open those. In some places, like South America, Brazil, it's been on a month-to-month basis, sort of vary, but that's a shift for us to try to be a little more dynamic in terms of how we're managing those price costs impacts. Thanks, David. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: The -- when we think about the operating lease book, it has performed very well this year. I think more importantly than just the pure gains and losses are some of the changes we made in terms of how we interact, how we work with our dealers to drive the right behavior. And what we've seen from a return rate perspective is we've seen very, very solid improvements. Really to the levels we haven't seen for well over 6, 7 years. So that's been particularly positive. As you noted, we've seen gains on the lease book the last few quarters, which has been positive and really demonstrates the underlying demand for used equipment. The upward price pressure we're seeing really across all categories of used equipment from Ag to Construction & Forestry. The current environment with inventories have used quite low and new inventory very low. Our expectation would be that that continues. We wouldn't see a significant shift there. As you look at channel inventories, whether it's small Ag -- production, precision Ag, or Construction & Forestry, we're at near historic level -- low levels across all categories. So we think there's probably a multi-year recovery to rebuild those channel inventories. I wouldn't expect new inventory to put any pressure on unused at this point. Thanks, Dan (ph). We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: The Production Precision Ag in North America where we've got order activity going for '22, so planters, sprayers, combines, large tractors, they're all carrying about 8% of price. So that's a decently fair representation for North America and PPA. As Brent noted, overseas markets where we have seen volatility, we've been -- in 21, we've seen low double-digits price realization, and that's been very favorable for us as we've tried to be a little more dynamic in responding to those changes. So I would not expect that we will change the process and methodology that we've used over the last year there. Thanks, Tim. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Ross, one thing I'd add maybe to consider there too is as we think about this journey, the ability to electrify components to hybridize machines, particularly higher horsepower will be things that happen -- are happening today. We've had in lineup in some cases in construction for a number of years, that will continue to drive more efficiency there. And then as you think about things like renewable biodiesel, there are other opportunities for alternative fuels, those sorts of things that can significantly pull down emissions, but also be generated from crops that our customers grow which provide a pretty virtuous circle there.
Josh Jepsen: [Indiscernible] that we mentioned, it's about two-thirds material and the third freight. So there's a combination of things going, some of the increases, our -- the ability to get material. As we had supply challenges, you'll see more expedited freight. So needing to use air freight to get things to factories and more adjusting time. In addition to just freight rates in general being higher given high levels of demand. So we're continuing to work really closely with the supply base, working through what are challenges capacity constraints as we look forward, and we provided more visibility to the supply base than we historically have in order to try to work through those challenges and get out ahead of them. But it's certainly, has been a challenging environment and that very likely continues. From a See & Spray Select point of view, that is not in the Exact Apply Take Rate that I mentioned. We had limited availability in this early order program. It's a relatively small number that -- excuse me, green on brown solution is a little bit more of a niche operation. But we did fill up the allocation of machines that we had planned for this year. So that's positive and we'll be working on See & Spray Ultimate as well as we get limited production machines out later this -- later in calendar '22 as well. Thanks, Courtney. Go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: For a production precision Ag, it's more like for producing more or less in line with retail this year. On the construction equipment side and the compact construction equipment side, that's where we see underproduction this year and more significantly on the compact construction side. That's a combination of very strong demand. Some of the supply constraints, but we've also been growing share. We've talked about introducing dual distribution with Ag dealers as well, over the last few years. So we've seen really, really solid and positive results there. So that's just put more pressure on the ability to get more and more inventory out. So that's probably the place where we see the need to build inventory, as well as small tractors, where both small tractors and compact construction are similar in that. But probably in the high teens inventory to sales. And typically, those are in -- probably in the 40% range or so. To your point, probably a long multi-year recovery to get those back up to the inventory sales levels that we think are best. Thanks, Larry.
Josh Jepsen: I wouldn't -- not necessarily significant changes. This year we've been down a little bit, some of that has been large projects that rolled off from an R&D point of view. So things like the X9 Combine and a few other things that were relatively significant. So that has driven some of the decrease.  So we'd probably, over time in next year and going forward probably expect a little more R&D. As we look to accelerate some of the opportunities that we see that both Jahmy and John talked about here today. So I think from a CapEx perspective I would say not significant changes in where we're at. Thanks, Nicole. Well, with that, we'll wrap up the call. Thanks, everyone for the interest and we will chat with you soon. Take care.
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our financial results and the current demand environment, as well as provide some commentary on the execution of our strategy. The Company continued to demonstrate strong performance in the third quarter, while challenges in the supply base persisted, and in some cases, became more complicated. We owe this solid execution to the extraordinary efforts made by our workforce for getting our products to the field and to our dealer channel for best-in-class customer support. At this time, we expect many of these challenges to persist through the end of this year and into next. Our guidance reflects a continuation of these challenges, but does not contemplate a significant shutdown of operations. Despite the challenging production environment, in market demand remains robust, with order activity providing excellent visibility for our large Ag production, throughout much of Fiscal year '22. Results from our planner and sprayer early order programs, indicate robust demand will continue well into next year. In fact, we were able to fill our available production slots for Fiscal year '22, early in the first phase of the program. At this time, we expect production rates for our crop care products to be up strong double-digits on a percentage basis in Fiscal year '22 compared to Fiscal year '21. Even more encouraging is the take rates for our advanced precision features, which were up significantly from last year, reaching all-time highs. Our large tractor order book in the U.S. extends through the second quarter of Fiscal year '22 and we have not yet opened it up for orders in the second half of the year. Encouragingly, take rates for our premium and automation activations also reached all-time highs. While we manage this strong demand environment, we are also laser-focused on executing our strategy that will unlock significant new economic headroom for our customers while driving higher levels of sustainability in their operations. As we reflect on what we have built to date, and the possibilities we see in the future, we will aggressively make investments that promote deeper customer engagement in our digital platforms and software driven solutions. As we speak, our production systems teams are analyzing each step in our customers processes and designing or concepting solutions that will increase output while reducing the inputs required. As these types of solutions gain traction, we see the potential for a future less dependent on sales of new equipment units each year. And instead, a future tied more closely to the jobs our customers do, year-in and year-out, enabled by the technology that makes them more profitable, productive, and sustainable. Over the next year, we'll talk a bit more about how this transformation will impact the Company's goals and ambitions beyond our current set of goals slated for 2022. Ultimately, our next-generation of goals will align to the activities and investments required to unlock the total addressable market of new value creation for our customers, which we believe is significant. Lastly, the third quarter provided a good representation of our use of cash priorities. Last quarter, I noted that our heightened cash flow levels, would enable us to invest more in our technology stack, as well as increase cash return to Shareholder s. And as we indicated, we made investments that both support our Smart Industrial strategy, and will deliver long-term value for Shareholder s. Beyond that, we raised our dividend by 18% in the second quarter and in the third quarter, repurchased over 700 million in shares, our highest amount in 6 years. In summary, despite some of the near-term operational challenges, we expect to continue delivering on our financial goals while at the same time accelerating our investments in technology and sustainability. Although still early, we are convinced that our strategy will drive differentiated outcomes for our customers and all stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress over the next few quarters.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob, it's Ryan. Just maybe to add onto that, the opportunity is big in this space and it's moving fast. Some of this is a function of the speed, to the extent that we can acquire and accelerate what we're doing internally. That's something that we think about a lot, more focused on.
Ryan Campbell: Jerry on TAM. I mean, you'll hear us talk more about and start to quantify TAM over the next few quarters. But I would say is how we think about it is we look at all the inputs that our customers are using. And we think there's a good portion of those inputs, [Indiscernible] being the best example that we can turn into software at a benefit to our customers and a benefit to us from a margin perspective. So as we think about it, there's an opportunity on inputs that our customers are using. There's an opportunity on yield improvements based on the solutions that we'll develop. And as I indicated, that opportunity is significant, but more to come and more specifics to come over the next couple of quarters.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, David, it's Ryan. Implied in fourth quarter is mid-to-high twenties incremental. As you indicated, we had some specials last year. If you take those out, you're in the teens, but then if you look at some of the heavy inflation that's hitting in the fourth quarter and adjust for that, you are back to about 40% incremental, which is what we've been running for -- running with this year-to-date. Certainly as we move forward, as Josh indicated, we'll be resetting price as we turn the calendar in a lot of different products. And so we would expect healthy incrementals over the next year in a range that we've been able to execute against in the past.
Ryan Campbell: Yeah, this is Ryan. Those features like Smart Grade. Obviously, as John talked about, it's profitable for our customers. It's also profitable for us.
Jahmy Hindman: Thanks Rob, for the question. We have done a tremendous amount of work internally as well. I think the autonomy problem is hard, and it takes a, I think, a multi-faceted approach and multi-sensor approach in order to solve it. And so don't read in to the Bear Flag acquisition that we haven't done work internally on it. Our investments has been significant internally as well, Bear Flag is a recognition that the problem is hard across the full production system. And we thought that the talent, technical skills, and sensing capability that they brought to the equation was part of us helping to solve the complete puzzle.
Jahmy Hindman: Jerry, this is Jahmy. I'd just add that we also think about one of those inputs as labor. And tying back to the automation autonomy story that we shared, U.S. census data released last week, would indicate the flight from rural to urban is continuing to accelerate. And that, that pressure point from an Ag labor perspective is only going to get worse. So we view that as part of the equation as well.
Jahmy Hindman: This is Jahmy, thanks for the question. It's a great question. I think John mentioned some of the transference of technology from Ag construction already talked about the ability to take technology for example, that we're developing for CNS spray and apply it in the construction space. We see similar opportunities on the autonomy side. It's -- the perception problem from a technical perspective, is different in environment that we're operating in but the core technologies required to execute it from Ag to construction or to road-building are remarkably similar. So we see a really good opportunity to leverage the work that's been happening in Ag into that construction or building space as well.
Jahmy Hindman: That's a great question. That's the crystal ball question. I would tell you that the technology is maturing at a very rapid pace, and the capabilities are improving day-by-day. We fully plan on developing a fully autonomous production system all the way through the agricultural production system stack. And leverage the technology from one machine form to the other. So for example, from tractors into sprayers in to combines, et cetera. That leveraging capability gives us the ability to move quickly once we start to introduce it into the market onto other machine farms.
Jahmy Hindman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. You're absolutely electrification, battery-electric in particular is going to play a role in the powering machines in the future. And certainly we view that sort of starting at low horsepower, low power equipment first and as the technology matures and it becomes more power dense moving up into the product lines over time. And many of our products are ready for that. The reality is that the technology is mature enough to start to build that into product, and those are active products in our roadmap.
John Stone: Jamie, this is John Stone. Thanks very much for the question. I would say excavators is obviously a very important machine form for construction. And if you look unit volume, it's typically 35%, 40% of any given market. Our share would not be the numbers you said, probably in the range of half that in fact. And when we look at our other core earth-moving product lines, we do see an opportunity to improve that share quite a bit. The margin story is a little bit different. If you think about a 50/50 joint venture structure, where Hitachi did the design. We jointly did the manufacture and then Deere was responsible for the distribution. There is a margin-sharing aspect of that relationship. And obviously, as we move to a more traditional supply agreement with Hitachi, that margin sharing goes away. So it's really a mechanical adjustment to that part of the business that will improve the margins. And then as we're able to introduce Deere designs, Deere technology in the future, we see that really as further upside to both margin and share in a really important segment. We'll maintain a near-term focus on just working through this change in the Americas, and talk with you about other geographies, probably in future calls.
John Stone: Got it. So that's fundamentally is about just trying to reduce the friction for customers to take -- to collect their data and get their data in a usable format, right. That's about us trying to minimize the amount of inertia that they have to overcome in order to collect that data, it removes one more hurdle for a customer to take that data and put it in a useful place, and to start extracting insights from it.
John Stone: Joel, this is John Stone, really good question. I think certainly construction as an industry has probably lagged, what you see in terms of technology advancements and precision Ag. But like we talked, we stand to benefit a lot from moving from just these historical enterprise synergies you've heard Deere talk about to being able to leverage common hardware components, common based software, common sensors, and just a different application and different use of those technologies. And they can solve a lot of the same problems in construction. Labor availability is tough to find for construction companies, so making machines more automated, it's easier to train a new operator and get them up to speed quickly. When you look at an average jobsite, estimates would tell you that 30% of the cost of that job site is due to waste and rework. And automation like Smart Grade, a technology that we have introduced into the market, that controls the blade tip, controls the bucket, allows you to do a very precise job down to just over 1 inch precision on the grade, get the grade right. Get it fast, do it right the first time and eliminate that 30% waste. We've got customer testimonials. It's real. Take rates are on, I'd say the early part of the adoption curve and it starts to get steep. We're in the mid-double-digits and growing. So I think there's a great opportunity in leveraging Jamie's organization, leveraging technology developed for Ag. We can certainly go a lot faster and at a fraction of the investment that we'd incur if we tried to do it all by ourselves.
