Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; as well as Josh Jepsen and Susan Karlix from the IR team. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2016. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Other Financial Information. Before we move ahead with today's call, I'd like to pay a word of tribute to our Manager of Investor Relations, Susan Karlix. As many of you know, Susan will be retiring soon after 35 years with the company. Susan has been a valued member of the Investor Relations team for the past 13 years. Over this time, she has become well-known to investors as a trustworthy source of information about the company and a familiar voice on the quarterly earnings conference call. Within Deere and across the IR field, Susan enjoys an impeccable reputation for accuracy and professionalism. This will be Susan's final call with us. She'll be missed for her many contributions and remembered for the steady hand and conscientious style she brought to her work every day. I'm sure Susan's friends in the analyst community join all of us at Deere in wishing her much health and happiness as she closes out her career and enters the next chapter of her life. Thank you, Susan.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So as you think about inventory and some may have noticed kind of along that line with the receivables and inventory forecast that it is – it did change and the reduction is actually a little lower from what we had in the original budget. And I would point out first of all that's really more related to changes in small Ag. So if you look at large Ag, the forecasted change in dealer receivables is really very, very similar, very much in line with what we had in the original budget. Used equipment, we continue to make progress. It's still – as we talked about previously, there's still a lot of work there, especially on large tractors. I think last time we talked about down 18% roughly from the highs that were set in 2014. Today, we would put large Ag used at about 23% lower. So again, continuing to make some good progress there. Maybe as importantly, as we bring that down, used pricing on our large Ag equipment is remaining steady. So again, continuing to make progress, but those efforts will certainly continue through 2016.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly. To your point, from a production perspective, we do have some additional – we went from – in our UAW factories previously we had 10 weeks per year, and that has gone to 16 weeks with the new contract this year. That does provide some additional flexibility, and we would have additional flexibility. We've also talked in our forecasts for R&D, while down a bit, is not a lever we pull significantly hard at this point. And again, that is trying to take a long-term view. So depending on if our perspective changes in terms of the length of this downturn that would be certainly an area we would continue to be able to pull levers. I would note, from original budget, our SA&G forecast has come down further in terms of what we're forecasting. That's an area we continue to look at and attempt to identify costs that can come out and as those are identified, we'll add those into the forecast. So again, I don't want to imply however that we have the same type of leverage that we would've had coming off of the peak. Obviously, we're already at very low levels. So our ability to pull costs out relative to any further sales declines will be more challenging. We've been pretty open about that. This year fortunately with incrementals or decrementals as the case may be, we've gotten some benefit from the pension and OPEB change and some other factors, lower material costs and those sorts of things and so – but still I think it's demonstrating that we are very focused on cost management and doing an effective job to date. So...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure. At this point, while certainly the statistical modeling that we have in place and looking at farm cash receipts and so on still play somewhat of a role in our forecasting, at this point in the process, the actual orders would tend to take a stronger – make a stronger impact on the forecast. And as we're seeing those orders come in, we're still very much in line with what we had had for our previous forecast. So we are seeing sales down certainly for North American Ag with a greater impact on the large Ag business, but I would say our order books are very much in line with that outlook.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: We closed on Monosem in the quarter, so they certainly would be, and we would anticipate some in the forecast for Precision Planting as well.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think as you think through the back half or through the remainder of the year, one thing I would point out is if you look at our forecast for the provision versus the year-to-date annualized number, it would anticipate some increase there in terms of cost. Certainly, at these lower levels of sales while the average portfolio doesn't change dramatically as you move through the year just like we saw last year you would start to see some impact from that as well. So certainly you see some – a little bit lower receivables as we go through the year. So I'd say those are probably the two biggest differences from first quarter in terms of headwind for Financial Services as you go through the rest of the year.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly as you look at the forecast, I'll start with construction, when you look at the forecast change for construction, most of that change is really as you look out toward the back part of the year. So as we talked about last quarter, there was some optimism, if you will, towards the back half of the year that we'd start to see, not an incredible amount, but some increase in sales as we went through the year. Most of that optimism candidly has been removed from the forecast, and so what we are forecasting today for construction is we think normal seasonality. So you will see some improved sales as you go through the year, but really nothing beyond again a typical seasonality. So with Ag & Turf again, you get some better clarity as you go through the year. We talked about some higher level of impact of FX as well, that certainly – FX tends to from a decremental perspective provide a little bit of benefit and boost of decremental. So that would also be contributing to some of the change in our forecast, the decrementals on Ag. Those would probably be the highlights I would point out.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: That is a good point. I think I would argue that's what we are doing. Again, as I point out, there is little optimism in this forecast for construction beyond the typical seasonal improvement in sales here and there as you go through the year. So it is not anticipating an overall increase in – or boost in industry demand from these current levels. And so I think that is effectively what we've attempted to do is look at it from that perspective.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right. I think anytime we talk about the markets really outside of the U.S., for large Ag that South America in particular, the visibility is not as far out. So always remember that versus large Ag in the U.S. and Canada where we do have the best visibility from an order book perspective. So there's certainly, I would say, continued risk in South America and potential opportunity. I would say you have both, so risk – Brazil continues, while, the farmers in Brazil continue to operate at very profitable levels because of the fact that they do sell their commodities in U.S. dollars, so the FX is benefiting them but the overall government concerns remain. The FINAME financing there appears to have stabilized somewhat, Moderfrota is back in place and the funding appears to be in place for that as well. We've heard some positive comments from government officials regarding their commitment to that. But, again, there is always risk and remember their fiscal year end in June. And so what happens with the FINAME financing and other supports beyond June would continue to be a question as well. Now, on the flipside, you have Argentina where we would argue there is potential upside opportunity there if the reforms continue to progress and if those reforms are fully implemented such that we have the ability not just to import but also export and so on. We think that could be a really good opportunity for us. You may have heard when we were out traveling with Sam the fact that it is a very profitable market for us and so the opportunity to sell more products into Argentina would certainly be beneficial for us. So there are a lot of puts and takes as you think about South America but all in all, the industry outlook. Again, remember that's on tractors and combines, remained unchanged and so that's really not much change in our current view what that market may look like.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think I would say it's a similar strategy that what we've had kind of on an overall basis from a company perspective and that is that balanced approach. Pricing continues to be important to us. We continue to, in most cases, trade at a premium to our competition and certainly we would continue to be focused on price realization in small Ag. Now, where we've really increased our focus is on innovation in that area and we brought in some very attractive product. So in that case, quite often, it's not so much about discounting but making sure you have the right features on that product the customers are willing to pay for, and not having excessive amounts of features that they aren't willing to pay for, if you will. So that tends to be our focus. It's making sure we really understand that market that we're delivering the product that customer is looking for and that we can do that with positive pricing.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly, as you look at the reported receivables and inventory, you'll note that they're slightly higher year-over-year, so I would say that's still an ongoing focus as we move through the year is to pull those inventory levels down. So if you look at ending inventories, it actually does year-over-year, we would – with our current forecast, we would finish both inventory and within our factories as well as dealer inventories at or below where – as a percent of sales where we were at the end of 2015. So still will be a focus. It is not – we are not finished in that progression, but definitely very focused on making sure that happens.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah. So pool funds, for those that may not be aware, those are funds that dealers effectively earn when they sell new equipment that they then can utilize for various incentives on used. And certainly, we would say overall, it's – and I'll tell you, really no change from last quarter. Overall, they're in good shape. Now there are some – we couldn't say that for every dealer. We have some dealers where we wouldn't be comfortable with the level of pool funds they have relative to the equipment that's on their lots. We are seeing dealers shifting the use of those more towards the retail sale portion. As you may be aware, they can use those funds both to provide low or no interest wholesale funding while that inventory is on their lot, or they can also use it towards various incentives. I think part of the reason why used pricing is staying high: A), that's historically how Deere equipment has responded in this type of environment; and B), some of those incentives aren't focused on simply reducing the purchase price. So we're looking at things like lower rate financing opportunities, providing additional warranty on the equipment, those sorts of things that provide incentives to the customer without degrading the purchase price, if you will. So again, we did see – and I want to be clear. When we came into the downturn, we did see some small decreases in used pricing, but they've held very firm at those small single-digit type of declines, at least to date. So we are pleased with that aspect.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right. First of all, you need to separate those two, because provision relates to the retail note portfolio.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Right, right. but I just want to clarify that, because again, while used equipment prices have held firm from that initial decline, we did see some initial decline. And so when you look at losses on returned leases, keeping in mind the average – for new equipment, the average lease term is around three years, and used has actually moved to that. It used to be a little bit further out. So most of the lease returns that are coming back today would have been written three years ago, at least on average. So you're really still in the height of the market. So recoveries aren't as high as what they would have been historically. They're still very, very strong, but we're still seeing a little bit of a decline in the recovery rate on the Ag equipment coming in. But I wouldn't imply anything beyond that. Certainly from a provision increase, a lot of those increases come from things like a revolving credit portfolio, which is where you tend to see some responsiveness early on, not just the Ag portfolio. So those are the things that are really driving those higher level of provisions in the forecast. The other thing I'd be quick to point out is they're higher but they're higher off of historic, as you know, very low levels and let's just say that forecast is dead on and we hit 19 basis points this year. That's still a very attractive level for any portfolio to be maintaining in this type of an environment with the provision on credit losses. So again, we feel very good about the strength of the farmer and their ability to continue to pay for the equipment they have financed with us.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I would tell you at this point, what's anticipated in the forecast for Ag is largely inconsequential. Yes, there are some losses in the forecast, but we're not talking about – especially when you put it relative to the size of that portfolio. You look at those portfolios, Ag or construction as we talk about is more than two-thirds of the impairment charges that we took in the quarter, and the size of the portfolio is significantly smaller. And so again, I think that's the key difference. And I wouldn't extrapolate any of what we're talking about from construction towards Ag. There are significant differences in those portfolios between Ag and construction on our leasing. So you think about things like the term of the leases. Most of the losses we're seeing and the impairment that we're taking for construction are around short-term leases. We have less than 5% of the Ag operating lease portfolio would be what we deem a short-term lease, 12 months or less, where you've got 22% of production-class equipment leases that would be in that view. We also lease a lot more used equipment in Ag, which again, in our view would reduce some of that risk. So about 42% of our Ag portfolio is used equipment versus about 14% of construction – I'm sorry, 3% of construction is used equipment. And probably the most important difference between those two, similar to what we would talk about from a retail note perspective with the dealer reserve, on our operating leases over half of the Ag operating leases in the U.S. and Canada have some level of dealer guarantee on residual values, which provides obviously protection around any losses on residual value. More importantly, it drives a very engaged dealer in the process when these leases come back – or when the equipment comes back off of lease. So again, very, very different portfolios and I wouldn't say we're trying to imply anything when we talk about higher provisions or the value of used equipment other than the fact that they're holding steady. And if that continues, our risk on operating leases in Ag are quite low. It's still a risk that we can maintain those used equipment prices but at this point, that is holding up well.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: As you think about Europe, first, to the second part of that question. We certainly hope so. Any year that we enter, we would hope to gain some market share. We have a lot of new product that's entering the European market. We've been recognized from numerous tradeshows with that innovation, both Agritechnica as well as a number of shows since then that we've received a variety of awards for that innovation. So again, especially in some of those key products we would certainly hope to gain some share of it. If you think about in the short-term, with Europe, I would note that in the first part of the year that we are getting some benefit from France. They had what's been referred to as a super amortization program which does allow for some additional amortization of the equipment in the early stages of the ownership which is providing some benefit for sales there. And we did see that increase in sales in France. That program is scheduled to end in mid-April and it's based on retail. So those would be tractors that would need to be sold to customers by mid-April and so we are again seeing a bit of advantage from that. Outside of that, I think, as you think about Europe, there does overall continue to be some headwind there with – just like a lot of parts of the world with lower commodity prices. Dairy is a significant market for the European farmer and we continue to see pressure there. I think every quarter, we anticipate in the next six months for that to start to moderate and each quarter it keeps getting pushed out. But it seems to be holding on in a stubborn way in terms of the pressure on dairy right now for those farmers. But with that, I'm not sure I can add much more value beyond that. I appreciate the question.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So with the warranty related questions? Yeah. Keep in mind, that's part of – that would fall into our pricing. And so to the extent you have higher returns and allowances that does affect our pricing, so you would see it there in terms of lower-priced realization, I think would be the answer. But generally, to your point, you will occasionally have some issues in a specific quarter where you had to book some accruals on specific products with new equipment. But generally, that's been a favorable trend and helped from a pricing perspective.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: And I did want to clarify my comment. The returns and allowances are in our net sales number. They are not in our pricing calculation. So I misspoke when I said that. So – but it does impact our net sales.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure. Yeah, I mean, basically as I mentioned earlier in the call, it's primarily the lower sales forecast for Construction & Forestry is around U.S. and Canada and so we lowered our end market outlook for sales in the U.S. and Canada. And again, a lot of that is just as oil prices have remained very low, the pressure that's putting on the overall market continues. And so much of the optimism we had of the markets improving as we go into the back half of the year were pretty much removed out of the forecast. So again, we continue to forecast positive price and that's our best estimate at this point and probably can't say much more beyond that. So we have time for one more caller.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Again, when you think about large Ag utilization, we talked about last year it does vary by – or last quarter, it does vary by product. So certainly when you think about where we are as a percent of mid-cycle in those products, you'd be at 50% or less in some of those facilities. And so that's where we continue to operate. And I would say mostly as you think about changes in the margin outlook, obviously FX is impacting that and that's probably the biggest change from last quarter on the Ag part. So very – really very little from a volume perspective in terms of the changes from original budget. Certainly for the year, volumes would have an impact.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So with that, I think we will need to conclude the call. We do appreciate you calling in and the questions, and as always, we will be around to take questions throughout the day. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj. Now, I want to first say our cash flow from operations is still pretty strong, over $2 billion. And we've talked about our cash use priorities several times in the past. They remain the same. So our highest priority is our single-A rating. We are maintaining a strong balance sheet and ample liquidity, and maintaining access to attractive funding sources is even more important during a downturn like right now. So next priority is organic and inorganic investments that will benefit the company in the long term. And we are, as Tony mentioned, continuing to invest in R&D, especially with a focus on innovation. And we take a long-term view with respect to inorganic options, and we have discussions over multiple years sometimes with inorganic options that are aligned with our strategy. So we recently announced two acquisitions. One was Monosem, based in France. The other was Precision Planting, based in the U.S. And we will use about $325 million of cash for just those two. The next priority is dividends. And our goal is to keep dividends at about 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings, and we will maintain our dividends even through difficult downturns. And finally, share repurchases are a residual use of cash and deployed only if the distance from intrinsic value is significant, so it's beneficial to our longer-term shareholders. While the distance from intrinsic value makes repurchases attractive now, our higher priorities will obviously take precedence. So the other point I'll make is you may recall that quarter one is typically a significant user of cash on the operations side. So if you put all those together, I think that's a summary of what our thought is on the cash.
Rajesh Kalathur: So all I'll say, Ann, is both of them together will be slightly accretive for us and very small in terms of their revenue, so it's not really – I think let's leave it at that.
Rajesh Kalathur: Eli, this is Raj. To your point, we have not only taken down the market for industry projections for CE, we've also taken down our schedules and our forecast further just to go – illustrate the points you made that Sam had earlier discussed with all of you.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj, Henry. Of course, we are not going to talk about any specific M&A and so on. But I will just tell you a little bit about our approach to M&A. It is more strategic than opportunistic. And we take a long-term perspective with M&A. What I mean is we identify M&A candidates that align with and strengthen our strategy really, and we have discussions with them in some cases multiple years before they become actionable. Downturns like the current one we're in tend to sometimes provide a window of opportunity for some of these long-term discussions to materialize into acquisitions. Monosem and Precision Planting are examples of our approach to M&A. So I am going to leave it at that and not talk more.
Rajesh Kalathur: Hey, Jerry, this is Raj. If you look at every new product development program, so every wave effect typically has more issues that come up with it and then it subsides. So if you look at what we have seen in our transitions from Tier 3 and into IT 4 – into Tier 4, we are very comfortable with what we have seen in terms of the product warranties in R&A with this wave of new product development programs.
