Ryan Campbell: Thanks Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I’d like to share some thoughts on current ag industry fundamentals and our response to a very dynamic environment. First, it’s important to acknowledge the confluence of difficulties impacting U.S. farmers in recent months. In addition to persistent uncertainty around global trade and market access, grain framers are also contending with weather related planting delays and uncertain near term demand prospects due to African swine fever. The resulting decline in commodity prices have taken a toll on farmer sentiment and correspondingly our large ag sales forecast has countdown. Deere has historically been quick to respond to end market fluctuations, and we’ve already taken action this year by reducing factory schedules. Furthermore, we are actively identifying opportunities to further manage costs, while continuing to invest for the long term. Ultimately, these measures ensure we'll be best positioned at year end to respond to market dynamics in 2020. Importantly, the underlying fundamentals of replacement demand remain intact, even if the market faces current headwinds. As such, we expect a continued gradual recovery to resume once these challenges abate. The hours and age of the fleet along with the technology advancements included in our latest offerings will continue to drive demand. As Cory noted, our production systems approach prioritizes investments that produce cost savings or yield enhancements for farmers. Many of the current pressures today illustrate the need for technology to help farmers adapt to an ever changing and fluid environment. Lastly, the long term positive fundamentals for agriculture remain enact, and we continue to see a growing need for technology to transform farming practices. Our proven ability to perform throughout the cycle combined with our leadership in precision agriculture give us confidence in our ability to deliver strong results over the long term for our customers and investors.
Ryan Campbell: I think one of the factors that you’re seeing now, as we reduced production schedules. There's a bit of inefficiency that comes into our factories, and so that takes a little bit of time to work that out. And we’re certainly committed to working that out. The other aspect on our SA&G budgets, we’ll continue to look at those. But one aspect to that is we’re investing in customer support initiatives in order to support all of the precision ag and production systems approach that Cory has alluded to and offers like connected support and expert alerts are truly differentiated in the industry. So we’re going to be surgical about this. But for sure, we’re taking a look at it and there’s some opportunity certainly to the extent things potentially get worse.
Ryan Campbell: If we look at the fleets aging out another year, at the end of 2019, high horsepower tractors 220 plus and four wheel drives, are going to be back to 2007 age levels, same with combines. So it's just another year and its aging out. And as soon as some of these uncertainties abate, we will see a gradual recovery in replacement demand given the factors of age and technology adoption.
Ryan Campbell: As Josh said, Bauma years can have a little bit slower start, but we feel really good about how the show went. And then if we take a step back and look at how they performed for each quarter compared to their historical averages and looking what they need to deliver for the rest of the year, its roughly in line with they’ve delivered historically. So we feel comfortable about where we are with them.
Josh Jepsen: If we start thinking about shipment volumes, as we think about the latter portion of the year with what we’ve seen given the uncertainty and our move to reduce production levels, we'll see lower production shipments in the second half of the year. So that’s definitely the case. I mean, if you look at couple of our larger facilities on a unit basis, they’ll be down second half -- compared to second half of 2018 in the 20% range. I think from a used perspective, we continue to see that market be stable. Pricing has been stable, I'd say by and large we’re very comfortable with where we’re at. And if you look at combines, there has been some conversation on combines ticking up. Seasonally, that’s normal in that new retail combines are being sold and you’re taking trades and those trades don’t move until you get closer to the harvest. So we think that’s a normal pattern, but we feel good about where we’re at today.
Josh Jepsen: Andy, when we look at that under production, I’d say it’s really North America and in large ag. In particular, there is maybe a little bit of that as you look at mid-size equipment but that is mostly a U.S. and Canada issue. Thank you. We’ll go ahead and jump to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: As we think about pricing and as noted with our guidance, we haven’t seen a change. So we’re still expecting about 3 point of price with both divisions participating, so no major change there. I think a big part of that is continuing to manage used, and as we calibrate and reduce production levels that’s all trying to keep that in balance. So I’d say no major shift in terms of our view.
Josh Jepsen: So our Wirtgen outlook is down about $100 million in sales, and about half of that’s FX related. So I’d say it’s really, Tim, looking at the markets that we mentioned before, China, Turkey, Argentina, Russia. And then we have seen some mix shifting in markets like India, which is -- we’re actually seeing movement out of concrete paving into asphalt. So from the market share perspective, no change for Wirtgen but you see from a ticket price shift there. But that’s really what we’ve seen with Wirtgen thus far. And probably important to note there too, the margin forecast there has held unchanged from previous quarters. So even with some of that reduction, they pulled some levers and done some things to hold their margin performance, which we feel really good about. So thank you, and we'll go ahead and go to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: David, you’re right. And the idea being this under-production this year sets us up to be in a position to produce to retail, that’s always where we target to be. As we’ve seen we have uncertainty persist here as we’ve made these adjustments that’s shifted but that’s the idea. We want to be in a position that we’re producing to retail next year. So thank you. We’ll go ahead and jump to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: So our view on that market is relatively flat, and I think our order book would be in line with that or supportive of that view. As you think about the trade war and puts and takes there, I think I’d say they’ve been benefited, not to the extend say the Brazilian farmer, but benefited through exports, particularly pork but also dairy going into China. So, I think that’s been supportive. Some of that this year -- prospects looks better because of drought last year. So by enlarge, I think the overall environment there is better with the uncertainty overhang in Europe really on Brexit, and what does that mean for the longer-term.
Josh Jepsen: So Right to Repair has been in the news a lot. And I think for us it's important to really carve out two issues that are typically embedded in that conversation. One is Right to Repair and we would say we’re supportive of our customers' ability and their ability to repair their machines. So we work with the AEM to support access to service tools, agnostic tools and the ability to repair. So we would not have any issue or concern with that matter. Right to Modify and when you get into modifying actual code, we think that’s a bigger concern as you get into things like safety and emissions and a lot of other components that would be more concerning. So I think we would delineate between those two. And I'll ask Cory to add his comments.
Josh Jepsen: I think there is a combination. I mean some is you’ve got some geographic distribution areas that are maybe a little bit weaker than others are seeing some impacts. We’ve talked about some of the challenges in Canada, for example, and some other parts of the country. So some of it is just working through some of those things, and I think that’s the biggest piece of that. So I think nothing materially different in terms of how we've seen that activity transpire. Thank you. We’ll go ahead and go to our next caller.
Josh Jepsen: I think that announcement probably benefits EU back to the other question, EU pork probably see increased exports as a result of that and probably see some incrementally from Brazil as well.
Josh Jepsen: So we obviously don’t have a guide on 2020 particularly in the dynamic market we’re in right now. So I think that’s probably starting point. As you think about replacement demand, we do believe the drivers of replacement demand remain intact, and that’s hours and age on equipment and technology and productivity. I think what we’re seeing today is a bit of a pause as a result of the uncertainties that are out there, but we feel like those drivers are still there. And as we work through some of these short term uncertainties, you see the resumption of that replacement demand. One thing that I would point out is -- I think one thing we see through the technology and the ability to take down input cost through using precision technologies. There’s appetite to invest in those things that can help reduce breakevens and improve profitability that certainly are important.
Josh Jepsen: Maybe one last thing to add is the importance of up-time accentuated even more. And in times like this right now, we’ve got a really short planting window, because of weather patterns. So as we can -- obviously newer machines but then connected support and other things deliver more uptime as these windows tighten. And I think that’s increasingly important for the customers. So thank you. We’ll go to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: So, I think as you think about the overall C&F, you’re right in terms of reduction. You have about half Wirtgen, we’ve talked about that about half of that half, so a quarter is really FX driven, if you look at the legacy C&F business. I’d say the biggest individual piece of that was where we saw weakness in Canada where it's been a few different impacts, Oil and gas, we’ve seen production come down in Canada specifically a little bit, demand for lumber, because of the slowing of housing starts in the U.S. has impacted Canadian lumber as well. So, I think those have been -- those would be the major drivers of what we've seen on the top line. And it relates to Wirtgen, as we’ve talked about before, 3Q is their bigger quarter in terms of revenue and margin. And the second quarter came in strong, I’d say as we expected and maybe worth noting in this year with Bauma that falls into the third quarter for Wirtgen. So maybe you see that impact. We saw a good response to the show very positive reaction to their new products. So we continue to feel good about that business, the long-term prospect but also as we talked about no change in our view on margins for the full year.
Josh Jepsen: I’ll start there, Ann, this is Josh. I mean, I think when we say we think it’s early to model or say we’ve seen permanent shift in production or market share globally, I think importantly, we support open markets for our customers and their ability to compete globally. I think in that same vein, we really like our positioning, particularly in those production systems of big grains, corn, soybeans and small grains. So we like how we’re positioned there from a global basis. I think as you think about ASF and the impact there, it’s obviously early there. We do expect that herd size I think as of March was down about 20%. So certainly I think there’s some near term impact there in terms of the demand. However, what we’re seeing is and we’ve seen exports from many different countries and different regions of pork moving pretty quickly to China, whether it’s from U.S. or Brazil or from China -- from Europe.
Josh Jepsen: So when we think about our JDF guidance -- we talk about in total, if we think about the full year, we came down about $30 million, really driven by two things, provision as well as tax rate. So tax has moved a little bit on us, that’s one. And then the provision would be the bigger component of that. Provision is really driven by I’d say two major components. One would be our growth in our international portfolio. So as our international portfolio has grown, particular markets like Argentina, Brazil, China, and India, you see the provision move with that. And then the other would be on our multi-use account or revolving credit. So that’s been the other driver. So as you think about the multi-use, the revolving credit, we take a conservative approach there in that we write off 100% of those balances when they go 90 days past due. Historically, we see strong recoveries post write offs. And in times of stress in the industry, we’ve continued to produce really strong returns in that portfolio. So we think underlying there, we see strong customer fundamentals, some of this I think really driven by just seasonality, as well as what we've seen with commodity prices, number of folks haven’t marketed their grains. So there are few different dynamics there. And I’ll ask Cory to comment too.
Josh Jepsen: And maybe one last thing to just to note on that as we think about the multi-use and that driving the big change in the provision. Overall, our portfolio has grown about 8% and the multi use component is going at a lower rate, it’s about 3% growth this year.
Josh Jepsen: And one thing I’d note, Stanley, is $145 million engaged acres. That includes acres in all four regions, as you think about how we about the world divided up into four, a little over 105 million in North America. So to Cory’s point, we are seeing growth in that outside of North America piece. And as discussed, it’s not just an absolute number in terms of growth in acres, it's the depth. And we think as we offer full solutions across production system, there’s opportunity to have deeper engagement there in the operations center.
Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Well, with that, we’ll conclude the call. I appreciate everyone’s time, and we will be talking soon. Thank you.
Cory Reed: No, I’d agree. On the price side., we’re holding through the remainder of the year, and we’ll have very similar programs as we open up those early order programs going into next year.
Cory Reed: I mean, I think as we’ve gone through this before, always start certainly managing production levels and trying to manage field inventory and where we’re at and what we want to deliver there. So that’s certainly step one as we go through there. I think the cost side is the combination of continuing to invest in the long term. And how do we protect R&D and continue to invest in the product. Really good example of our view on that is as we went through ’15 and '16, we continued investing in R&D and we’re able to deliver products, like Combine Advisor and like the ExactApply and the sprayers that came out during that time that had we pulled too hard on those, may have been impacted. So we want to take a long term view from an R&D perspective, but then, look, certainly they cost opportunities. So I think those are the things that we’re continuously looking at, and then we’ll be looking at regardless of the environment in terms of costs.
Cory Reed: Joe, I would say starting just at the high level we've talked about I think material and steel, in particular is progressing as we expected, because of the lagging of our contracts as we get into the third quarter on the ag and turf side on hot rolled coil, we start to see that come down. So you'd expect to see some of that benefit end of the third quarter and into fourth quarter. Now as we pull back production, you see the impact or benefit is dampened as a result of that. You also have the 301 tariffs that we've talked about from China. A quarter ago, we've talked about $100 million impact. We’d say its somewhere between $75 million to $100 million, but that’s a bit of a moving target right now, given some of the uncertainty of how and when that will be put into place, but that’s considered there. And then the other piece we’ve talked about is then on the logistic side. So while by and large we’ve seen less premium freight, we continue to have some critical components that we’re bringing in that we have air freight. As noted a quarter ago, that will continue into the third quarter. And overall, there has been just higher rates for freight as a result of availability and really low unemployment. So those will be the things that we’ve been talking about that have impacted us, and refers to the initial part of your question there, Joe. I think as Ryan just mentioned on cost, something that we are always looking at, continuing to look at. I don’t know that we want to talk about or quantify what could be. But I think there is continued focus in terms of how do we do that, both from the material side, as well as from cost structure SA&G and the like. Thank you, we’ll go ahead and go to the next question.
Cory Reed: Tim, my comment was related to the early order programs that we’d see very similar early order programs that we’ve run in the past. That was the comment.
Cory Reed: Sameer, I would say we’re leading the industry in offering great tools to both our customers and repairs of equipment that can get in and keep our customers up and running, uptime is a big deal. So we want to give our customers the opportunity to repair what they can themselves. Also, to use who they want to. But at the same time, we worked to build the dealer network that's best in the industry. It’s keeping them up and running all the time. So we feel strongly about giving them all the tools they need and are leading the industry in the Right to Repair space of providing those tools out to the market.
Cory Reed: I would say the broader impact in our mid range has been from the continuing challenges in the dairy market in the U.S., and that’s already been reflected in what we’re doing there. So I don’t anticipate a large impact from the announcement last night.
Cory Reed: No, I would agree. And in fact I mentioned earlier that what we’ve seen -- used the example of the combine market is that our late model combine used inventory is running lower, and that’s really driving the replacement demand side. If you start to think of the technology changes that occurred in the last three or four years, 2014 forward, there's a lot of technology that’s enhancing the productivity of those machines and there’s demand at the top end of the market to bring it in.
Cory Reed: Ann, this is Cory. I would say we see those. The latest forecast would say that the global demand is still going to rise year-over-year. We feel like we’re in the best positions in those markets that produce grain around the world as we’ve continued to build out the competitiveness of the North American farmer with technology. We’re doing the same now in Brazil. Our focus on two things, creating the most competitive output, so on a bushel or an acre basis, or a hectare basis in different parts of the world. And then investing in things that help differentiate our customers to grow more yield at that lower cost point. So I think we’re positioned well and the demand is holding in there.
Cory Reed: I think the thing in this to keep in mind is that we’ve been running at write-off level significantly below. Our averages have been over 10 year or 15 year period. And the adjustment that we’re taking now puts us right in line between the 10 and 15 year average on write offs and the provisions. So my take on it is it’s a really solid portfolio that despite what we have in terms of headwinds in the industry, we see write offs stay in line with our averages historically, which means we have a stronger portfolio today as we have in the past.
Cory Reed: I mentioned that we have 145 million. We started first in the North American market, and that’s where predominant number of those acres reside today. But the fastest growing engaged acres are places like Brazil see things building out communications network that allow our machine population get connected. We’re taking more technologies in. I mean it’s incredible to see the growth rates around the world. The European market guidance technologies have adopted very fast in a very fast pace, and now we have connectivity and growing across those acres. The real opportunity is what I mentioned in the production system discussion, customers move from farming to understanding how each pass impacts their cost structure and profitability. And we’re now generating both the data and insights that allow them to evaluate those on a near real-time basis. So really big opportunities for both yield growth and cost management on the customer side being driven off of those engaged acres.
Cory Reed: If you look right now, I mean planters are lit up all around -- prior to last night’s rain, planters have been lit up all around the country, and that’s taking place. And you can see those acres coming in and being able to evaluate down to the individual seed level what their placement, what their depth, what their singulation, it allows them to understand how they invest in nutrients going forward that ultimately as they close the loop in harvesting and they take that section in and evaluate both their cost structure and yield that they will improve again year-over-year. So the opportunity is growing and more and more customers are adopting the technology that’ll help drive their business forward and competitiveness forward.
