Marie Zieglar: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our chief financial officer as well as Susan Karlix and Justin Marovec from the Deere investor relations staff. This morning we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s third quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the last quarter of our fiscal year shaping up. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, as usual, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s projections, plans, and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the company’s securities. This call may also include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, otherwise known as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com\financial reports under “other financial information.” Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on today’s call.  And now, for a closer look at our third quarter, here’s Susan.
Marie Zieglar: Not directly. In fact, instead of just addressing ag and turf, let me look at it for the full company, in relation to our full guidance, and just give you some of the numbers that are implicit in our guidance.  With the increased profitability for the company, incentive compensation is rising, and in the fourth quarter, over last year, it will be about a $90 million expense. Again, very low levels of activity in the fourth quarter last year.  Materials, which has been either a neutral or a tailwind for us in the first three quarters of this year, will be an expense and our projection is $75 million. R&D, we have a pretty significant jump. That’s why Susan called out the fact that year to date we’re up 6%. For the forecast we’re up 10%. That’s about $55 million in the fourth quarter.  That is a lot of money and that is very much impacted by IT4 as we’re getting ready to enter into this very significant launch phase and remember, we’ve got final Tier 4 following on the heels in just, like, 3 years.  Another factor is overhead absorption, and we estimate that at about $50 million. And I shouldn’t say overhead absorption, it’s overhead expense. We have a very significant spend in R&D. Likewise, we have a very significant spend in capital expenditures ahead of us in the fourth quarter, and that is disruptive to the factory efficiency as you bring new machine tooling in, as you train operators, and so we’ve provisioned for that in our outlook.  And then the only other thing of note would be SA&G is a little higher as well.
Marie Zieglar: Pension looks, today – and of course all things are never equal – we probably, because interest rates are looking a little lower than they were 31 October of 2009, you probably have a little bit of a headwind there as well, maybe $75 million. But obviously we’re a long way from 31 October, when we’ll actually be setting the rates.
Marie Zieglar: It’s early, but people are pretty encouraged by the improvement in commodity prices. You’re hearing some stories of customers having locked in some good crop prices and selling their crops for good amounts of money. So we’re encouraged. We still have used equipment to deal with, which is unknown exactly how that will impact the market as you move into 2011. We’re starting to see a little bit of that equipment move. Again, that’s very encouraging. But there’s a lot yet to be done.
Marie Zieglar: That will play off against what happens ultimately with livestock prices and what happens to their feed costs, and livestock is about – half the farmers in Europe have livestock, so it’s significant to our customers.
Marie Zieglar: Remember, we have a rolling product launch, so all that’s been announced so far would be the 8Rs and if you would walk into your John Deere dealer today, to order an 8R tractor, you would be ordering an Interim Tier 4 tractor.
Marie Zieglar: We haven’t launched – so it’s going to be a little while you could assume because we haven’t said anything about some of the other products out of Waterloo.
Marie Zieglar: Well, considering that they’re at under 60% of what a typical volume would be, we think they are working very hard and have demonstrated very good expense control and efficiency. As they move up into what I will call the sweet spot, which would be in the 80% range and above, their opportunities will grow for profitability.
Marie Zieglar: First of all, I can’t comment on 2011, but I would very adamantly, very vehemently, state that we see no reason at all why this business does not return to margins that it delivered in that period of time, and if you’ll recall their peak margin in that business was 14% and they actually are aspiring to a 14.5% margin. Like the ag business, in the near term IT4 will affect them as well. They also have a staggered product launch that will be rolling out over the next couple of years, and so you’ll have some impacts from that. But this business is on very solid footing.
Marie Zieglar: You know, as you look at what’s happening there’s the very good level of cash receipts that we have in the marketplace, and it’s accentuated further, frankly, by the recent run in commodity prices. You’ve got improved farm net income as expenses like fertilizer and various things have come in. You’ve got historically low interest rates, very good value proposition in the market. We feel that the underlying economic fundamentals are in good support of the level of activity that we’ve seen. As we are moving closer to our launch date, there’s no question that there is some pull-ahead, but we believe the factors that I just mentioned do, really are, the primary decision drivers. The other thing that you can – again it’s very small numbers, but it could provide some comfort, if you will – is the fact that the early order positions are looking good on some of our products, and especially, perhaps more profoundly, that the IT4 8R has a good order bank. Again, very early in the year and very early in the launch. But it’s actually been very encouraging. 
Marie Zieglar: Our philosophy is to produce to retail demand, and construction actually is a slightly different set of circumstances. As you’re aware, in construction in some areas you are required to use the latest technology, so you need to be at – if IT4 engines are available you need to be using that. Additionally, the bulk of the construction product line really is below 175 horse power, so that’s not going to be affected until 2012. And the other thing is, very frankly, we’re at extremely low levels of activity, and you don’t see contractors, a lot of contractors, with the financial confidence to go out and buy equipment that they may or may not use. The only indications where you may have a little bit of pre-buy ahead is in motor graders and some governmental segments, but that’s pretty small.
Marie Zieglar: Absolutely. In the third quarter we did not make comments specifically year over year on mix. Susan’s comments about the 2 points overall for the year really relates to a typical year, so we’re not looking at something that – because remember we had a very good mix of large ag in 2009 as well. So wouldn’t really be year over year a factor. If you looked at the third quarter and said just generally how does the back compare to a “typical year” then yes it would be about 2 points. If you look at absorption, last year in the third quarter we dropped receivables and inventory to I think it’s like $1.7 billion, and this year it was $300 million to $400 million, so there is a favorable absorption impact in our third quarter results, and that is, for the ag and turf division it’s about $90 million in their operating margin. 
Marie Zieglar: I don’t have comment per se on mix. I know some of the smaller stuff is coming up in the quarter, but I don’t know what the actual impact is.
Marie Zieglar: Yes, on the combine side, we converted to SAP on the first of May, and so we knew that we would not have shipments into the marketplace as we were making that transition. And so what you’re really seeing is we’re in a transitional period. Those transition issues are behind us but you’re seeing the result of having just now restarting the shipping. So it was planned.
Marie Zieglar: You know, the other thing that I haven’t mentioned is taxes and taxes in the quarter that might – are about $50 million. It’s very hard to calculate these tax rates between the fourth quarter of last year and the fourth quarter of this year. So I’ll just tell you point blank that’s approximately the net impact. It’s higher taxes, about 50. If that helps.
Marie Zieglar: It is true that we have a rolling launch. Again, we’re not sure how much pre-buy there is occurring, because the economic factors seem to support the level of activity that we are experiencing and you’ve got good orders falling into 2011. But you are correct that it will be a series of rolling launches, both on the ag and construction side. If that helps – Waterloo had not put in all of the capacity that had been approved in 2008. They put in – I don’t know if you’ll recall but it was about a 40% increase and they had about 25 points of the 40 in and I expect that the remaining 15 will be available, I don’t know if by the end of this year but sometime in the not too distant future. So that will provide some additional assistance. Harvester had a 30% capacity increase that was in place really by – really would have been fully available to us this year. And so that’s there and ready to be used as required. And then there have been capacity adds in other facilities as well.
Marie Zieglar: Europe would have been the primary driver for the decline in the third quarter, reflecting a little softer conditions. The market in Brazil is very strong, and in South America I guess I should say, and so you would have some opportunity there.
Marie Zieglar: We believe that we will not know what the outcome of that will be until after the election. In our planning we’re assuming that interest rates could rise from the current 5.5%, but that they would be unlikely to go all the way up to a market rate, which – the rate before these current low rate programs that come into play was 9.5%, and so perhaps you got closer to 9.5% but maybe not all the way there. So we – I don’t have an exact number to give you, but I can tell you that in our own financial planning, as we’re looking into 2011, we’re going to assume that those – that the 5.5% does end at the end of December and that the rate goes up a bit. Now the impact, though, for us, will be delayed – actually for the industry – because the customer can make a contract by the end of the year, having entered into a contract at the 5.5% and we can deliver, I think it’s – I’m not sure if it’s 60 or 90 days. So for us, really effectively our first and second quarters, or at least a good chunk of the second quarter, would be still effectively benefitting from that 5.5%.
Marie Zieglar: Again, we don’t have a forecast for 2011. We will have a staggered series of launches and I don’t know how all of that will play out. We ourselves do not have our budget process done for 2011, so we’ll see how that ultimately plays out. Maybe I could just end with the note that although there are a lot of things going on in the fourth quarter, in terms of our guidance, I still want to point out that $375 million, which is our guidance, is – would imply our second highest fourth quarter ever, and that’s despite the start of these launches and some additional expenses, and the fact that you have weak markets in Europe and the former CIS and construction and forestry, although recovering, still below 60% of typical. So we are very very proud of the results that we are delivering and we hope to deliver.  And with that, thank you all for participating in today’s call, and we will be available the rest of the day to answer your questions. Thank you. 
James Field: I think construction, if we look at history, it has a very long runway in front of it, because we are still at very depressed levels relative to mid-cycle volumes. So I think we have a situation where we’re running roughly 60% of mid-cycle volume. So we think there’s plenty of runway there.
James Field: It’s a big increase when you look at it, or perhaps could be viewed as a big increase, when you look at it on a year over year basis. But if you look back on a historical context, really this is receivables returning to levels that we last saw in ’08 and inventory actually that ends at levels that are below the ’08 level. So I think that hopefully provides some useful context when looking at that increase.
James Field: I appreciate that. Unfortunately I think we can’t say a whole lot beyond the notion that we’ve had a very consistently articulated use of cash policy and share repurchase is one of the things we will look at from time to time based on our cash position and we did so in the third quarter. I can’t provide much more than that at this time.
James Field: I think too when you look at that and you had some large percentage increases in sales, but if you look at the absolute dollar numbers and the incremental margin that that would be expected to throw off, and then you overlay what’s going on with pension and OPEB, I think you get a long way to understanding the performance that that division has demonstrated and I think the other thing we would say, long term, the construction division has demonstrated over a long term what they can do and we would have every expectation that over time they would return to where they’ve been at other points in the cycle.
James Field: And actually in terms of the efficiency of the operation, as Marie said we have a lot of transition going on, and we do have some manufacturing inefficiencies built into the forecast for the fourth quarter reflecting the very significant amount of change that’s going to be occurring over this period of time, and some pretty significant capital [inaudible].
James Field: No. You know, I think the incentive comp is certainly increased over what we had initially had laid out in the fourth quarter as the income forecast has proved most of that has gotten caught up.
James Field: I think the change is 23% to 24%, so it’s really in the margin in terms of the full year, so – and the other piece, of course, that’s been very strong, and we mentioned it a little bit, is the global forestry markets, and so there would be some production being added there as well.
James Field: I would agree. If you look at the absolute levels of absorption, they’ll be higher than a year ago. Where we’re losing it is more on the spend side of the overhead equation.
