Josh Jepsen: Hello and good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer; Cory Reed, President of Production and Precision Ag; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at the second quarter earnings and spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning that can be accessed on our website. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission used by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website. I'll now turn the call over to Brent Norwood.
Josh Jepsen: Rob, the other thing I'd mention there is -- Cory alluded to this, but the idea of leveraging sense and act in each of the jobs that we execute on in the production system. So See & Spray is really the first of that of sensing, determining weed and spraying it, but we see that continuation and the ability to do that across all the jobs in the production system. Thanks, Rob.
Josh Jepsen: Joel, thanks. As we think about the cycle and how do we dampen the cyclicality. One of the drivers, certainly the precision ag side, which you mentioned and the ability to be less reliant on units and units driving where we go and how we perform. I think that is one piece. The -- as we go forward and you start to include sense and act capabilities, that's one of the areas that we see the opportunity to begin to deliver more of a recurring revenue model, which takes some additional cyclicality out of the business as we can create value across each acre that is covered. And then the aftermarket side, and Cory alluded to this, when we talk about performance upgrades or retrofit, if the ability to go deeper into the population, the installed base and upgrade those machines, bring them closer to the most current technology. And what that also does is it brings them more into the precision ag ecosystem, thinking about the operations center, the flow of data and how that creates a sticky environment and value creation for the customer.
Josh Jepsen: Joe, maybe one other thing I'd mention, too, on cyclicality is as we think about regional performance, and we've seen improved performance across the globe, whether it's small ag and turf or production and precision ag, that also aids in being less reliant on any one given market and the cyclicality of those markets and end customer segments. So thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks. From a pricing point of view, I think it's important to kind of delineate how we view price in this -- over time has gotten maybe a little bit confusing. But I want to be clear, the price numbers that we talk about in terms of net price realization is pure like-for-like model, year-over-year price that we've taken. So if we're thinking about the production and precision ag point of view, 9 points of price, that is like-for-like model last year to this year, what have we seen from pricing. So we have seen strong price. Cory mentioned this in his comments, they're really driven by the overseas price adjustments that we've taken as it related to FX movements and a shift to be a little more dynamic in terms of how we've responded to some of those FX movements. So that's really the price realization. Maybe separately, we think about average selling prices over time. And over time, if we look at, call it, the last 7 or 8 years for large ag equipment North America, average selling prices have been up between 5% to 7% on a kind of an annual basis. And that would include traditional price increases, which have been in the range of 3 points. And then on top of that would be the feature piece. So if you call that 7%, 3% roughly inflationary price. But then on top of that would be features such as precision ag, things like ExactApply or others that would drive additional price. And -- but I tell you, from a cost perspective is those features tend to be very margin attractive. A lot of that is software activated. So there's a lot of upfront cost to develop the first unit, but from a margin point of view, is attractive. Thanks, Ann.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. For small ag and turf, we did expect -- we had planned to build a bit above retail a quarter ago and really supply tightness, and continued strength in demand has pulled that back to be essentially in line -- building in line. So more of a constraint from a supply base than it is a shift in our view of what we'd like to have out there. We're going to end the year on small tractors at near historic low again from an inventory to sales perspective in the 20s, 20% range. So still quite a bit lower. So that's the dynamic there. And I'd say broadly, kind of across all categories, the biggest constraint to building inventory is just that, is supply challenges and the ability to get those out paired with really strong demand across the board.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I'll start, Mig, on the CapEx side. I wouldn't expect to see significant shifts or changes there. We're -- we've -- over the last decade or so kind of cycled in and around this -- where we're at $900 million or so, we've been up or down some, but not foreseeing significant change there.
Josh Jepsen: I think one of the biggest challenges on the supply side is labor, and it's at our suppliers, but it's also in the logistics channel, whether it's warehousing or truck drivers or port labor. All of those things are a challenge. And then certainly, there's work going on there to improve that, but it's -- that's been one of the bigger constraints when we think about the ability to get supply and produce.
Josh Jepsen: So we have added shifts in -- through the course of this year in a number of our facilities in Waterloo, in Montenegro, where we build tractors in Brazil. So that activity has happened or continues to happen. The early order programs, and that's part of opening up order books maybe a little bit earlier on tractors. It gives us a little more visibility to plan accordingly, not only for our operations, but to be able to provide those requirements back through the supply chain. So that's -- I'd say that's a significant piece. We've been doing a lot of work with the supply base in terms of where are there constraints, where do they have challenges and trying to get ahead of those ahead of 2022. So there's a lot of work going on in that regard.
Josh Jepsen: That's correct, Nicole. That's the biggest piece. We talked about roughly $1 billion in the forecast. About 75% of that is in the back half of the year in quarters 3 and 4. So that's the biggest component. Maybe a few other things. As you can see with our -- with the forecast price, our price forecast moderates a little bit as we start to anniversary some of the actions that we were taking middle of last year. And then we do see a little bit higher overhead spend as it relates to inefficiencies, really driven by the supply chain constraints and some of the disruptions and starts and stops that happened that make us run a little bit less efficiently. So I think those are probably the biggest items. When we step back though and think about the back half of the year, I think excluding the onetime items from last year, we're running about a 35% incremental. And that's at the top end of our -- the range that we've historically talked about. And that's with that heavy material and freight drag on that. It would be significantly higher in the 10- to 15-point range higher, if not for that material in freight. So I think that's -- those are the drivers there that we see. And I think the performance, though, I think we feel really good about where we're at in light of that heavy costs coming through. So thank you.
Josh Jepsen: The $500 million that we talked about last quarter was material and freight costs that we expected to see for the year. That $500 million is now $1 billion. So it effectively doubled between where we were a quarter ago and now. And that's in the forecast, that's in the segments, and we expect to see that, and you see that somewhat impacting gross margins and things in the back portion of the year. From a -- thinking about '22 order perspective, we've -- as we've noted, we've started taking some of those orders from a purchasing point of view. We haven't made significant shifts. I think now, given where commodity prices are, we're not -- we haven't locked anything in at this point. The steel prices are higher -- much higher than we saw coming into the year. So we'll continue working through that and working through the processes as we think about how do we lock in and what shifts or changes on procurement. Thanks, Larry.
Josh Jepsen: We project that we'll end this year at a similar level that we ended last year coming in, so pretty low levels of inventory, so pretty lean. You'll recall, the row-crop tractors were in, I think, below or near below 20% inventory sales, particularly when you think about row crop were relatively tight. And then combine, seasonality-wise, tend to end the year quite low, because you've just come through harvest. So that's normally a mid-single digit. So I think we do believe that we'll exit that same -- in that same position, given we're kind of producing in line with retail from a large ag point of view.
Josh Jepsen: We've been really focused on being very disciplined, I think, on both the cost structure as well as thinking about how we're pricing and managing inventory. I think that continues. And I think that is a driver of what we've seen from a performance point of view. So I think that continues. And then as we continue to bring in and see higher levels of precision ag adoption, that has -- that drives additional opportunity for us to continue to deliver margin as well. I think those are probably a couple of the biggest drivers.
Josh Jepsen: I think the other driver too there, Jerry, is -- I mentioned that earlier, is just the regional performance and the lift in regional performance that we're seeing helps pull everything as well. Europe is a great example. We've talked some about our strategy there, being very focused on large ag and precision ag. As we've done that, we're in a second year of seeing growth in market share in 150-plus horsepower tractors. That's not only driving share, but it's driving margin. We're doing that on value, not on price, from a discounting point of view. So we're taking price and we're growing share and differentiating ourselves. And we think that's a really important piece when we think about going around the globe and everyone having strong margin performance, that is different than where we would have been previous cycle. Thanks, Jerry. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate your time. Have a good day.
Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to offer a few thoughts on our financial results as well as address some of the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. With respect to the results for the quarter, we are encouraged by the progress we've made in improving our structural profitability. While unit volumes for large ag equipment remained below prior cycles, we are achieving significantly higher levels of profitability. These favorable results are due in part to the work we've done over the last 18 months to reposition our organization. During that time, we've: one, reorganized the company around production systems; two, taken significant strides towards optimizing our cost structure; and three, adapted our investment priorities to drive a greater focus -- greater degree of focus on the products and solutions that are most differentiated and then unlock the highest economic value for our customers. Underlying this is the unique tech stack that we have built over the last 2 decades. We believe it is a combination of best-in-class products, a best-in-class dealer channel and the tech stack that will drive the solutions that make our customers the most profitable and sustainable in the industry. In addition to our new strategy, we are also benefiting from the improved fundamentals for our customers. Despite the broad economic challenges brought on by the pandemic, grain and oilseed consumption is outpacing supply and driving increased need for more productivity and efficiency by our customers. Furthermore, the market access challenges of the last years have moderated, boosting customer sentiment and spurring increased confidence in equipment investment. These improved fundamentals, combined with an aged fleet and low inventory levels give us confidence that the investment cycle will continue beyond 2021. This dynamic is evidenced by order books for large tractors extending well into fiscal year 2022. While these operational and industry tailwinds are currently supporting our business, many challenges and risks remain, particularly with respect to our supply base, global logistics and COVID-related interruptions. As Cory highlighted, these risks have caused spot disruptions in production, and we anticipate those to continue throughout the remainder of the year. However, the incredible effort of our production and supply management teams have allowed us to avoid lengthy stoppages to date. One risk I'd like to again highlight relates to the supply of semiconductors, which is experiencing a global shortage. To date, our suppliers have worked closely with us to provide enough supply to allow us to provide our essential equipment without significant disruption. Our forecast contemplates a continuation of this trend. This is important in order to help ensure we keep our customers fully operational and meeting the growing need for grain, oilseed and critical infrastructure. In addition, prices for key raw materials such as steel have significantly increased over the last quarter. Freight and logistics costs have also experienced upward pressure, and our utilization on premium freight has increased. As a result, our current forecast contemplates $1 billion in costs related to higher material in freight, with approximately 3/4 of that occurring in the second half of the year. Despite these challenges, we encourage -- we are encouraged by the strength in our end markets as well as the execution our team has delivered so far this year. Furthermore, we see many opportunities to accelerate our investments in technology and sustainability. Although early, we are convinced that our new strategy is the right one and will drive differentiated outcomes for our customers and for all stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress over the next few quarters.
Ryan Campbell: Joel, it's Ryan. Maybe just to add on that. We're thinking about this with respect to building blocks and the building blocks of our equipment position around the world, our dealer channel, our tech stack, the engaged acres and connected machines. And so those building blocks are in place for us to now utilize the tech stack and all of our resources to stack features and offers on top that create value for our customers, and those features and offers that we'll be delivering -- we're delivering today and we'll be accelerating the delivery of those in the future should have less cyclicality associated to them.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. This is Ryan. Thanks for the question. I think, as you indicated, very, very strong cash flows. And when you look at our cash priorities, A rating, investing in the business, dividend at 25% to 35% and then repurchase taken with the dividend, we just raised by 18%, but with the structural improvement in our profitability, we're probably more towards the lower end of that range. So that's something that we'll continue to look at. We're going to have enough cash to execute against all the priorities. So you'll see us continue with buyback. One thing I would highlight is you'll probably see us a little more active in M&A. And as you think about M&A, we're thinking thematically in M&A, things like autonomy, things like sense and act, sustainability, performance upgrades, digital solutions, those are the things that with the new strategy, are really going to drive the future. While we also look at are there any portfolio gaps that we have around the world that will also allow us to drive additional value for our customers through the system we've established. So that's how we're thinking about it. But thanks for the question.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Jerry, I think as we think about total pricing, whether inflation plus features and those types of things, average selling price, it's really the value that we're delivering through the system and through innovation is the strategy that we use. And we think over the long run, that's not only going to be very supportive of our margin profile but also from a share perspective.
Cory Reed: Yes. Kristen, this is Cory. I would say it varies by the product lineup in small ag and turf. As you move into the more traditional hay and forage mid-tractor, we have a lot of traditional customers in that space, but we're seeing conversions in that space, which is good. Those are new customers to us. When you move down the line into turf equipment, small tractors, compact utilities, very many of those are new customers to us. So it's a strong business. That industry continues to increase. The COVID pandemic has had an impact on that, but we're seeing more people move to the countryside to acreages and buy turf equipment. So it's been a great market, and we think that's continuing.
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say, Josh hit the high points. Our large tractor order book indicates a very strong demand cycle all the way in and through '22. I would suggest -- we take a very different approach to opening those books depending on what region we are in the world. If we face a part of the world that's more volatile relative to both cost and currency, we'll open those books later. We know there's demand in markets like South America, but we're very cautious about how we map our pricing to the headwinds that we face, particularly as it relates to currency. So we're very confident in -- as those order books open up, what we'll see in demand going through '22.
Cory Reed: Yes. I would say, Jerry, one of the exciting things is we're seeing all 3 cylinders of the strategy hitting. So we've got our own line of product that's coming out. So you mentioned ExactRate on the planters, but we also have continued improvements in our large tractor line. We have new sprayers hitting the market in limited production that will go into our EOP for next year. So -- and new combines, our X9 series combines. So it's both the underlying products that are new, the tech stack is being embedded in some cases into them, but also new options available. And then we're seeing further penetration in the aftermarket side across the installed base. So all 3 of the cylinders of the strategy are hitting right now.
Cory Reed: Yes, Rob, thanks for the question. It's exciting time because our first commercial product of that is hitting the market this year. So we talked about See & Spray Select, which is the first version, that's a green on brown solution in See & Spray, but it's really the very first of a series of technologies will launch from Blue River that help enable us to move from field down to plant level in terms of how we manage the crop. So See & Spray Select is going into the market right now. Next year, we'll be in the market with See & Spray Ultimate and being able to deliver what we've been talking about with Blue River, but that's the first of several iterations across not only our current sprayer lines, but also being able to take that technology back across the installed base and then take that technology to other areas in our portfolio to be able to move from how we do a lot of the work today at the field level or even down to the zone level and manage at the individual plant level. But at the end of the day, it's about driving greater profitability through higher yield and being able to manage costs for our customers no matter where they are in the cycle.
Cory Reed: No, I think Josh hit all the factors. I think the one thing I would add, Ross, is in addition, we're bringing all new levels of technology in the new machines we're bringing out. So those customers, if you take the average age of combines or tractors, the 9.5 or 6.5 years and you think about the technology difference in that last decade that's gone on with the products, that's pulling a lot of product into the industry. These are higher capacity machines, but there are people demanding the highest productivity, best technology on the machines that are coming through. And if you look at where used inventory levels are, even our last generation machines, there's not a lot available in the market for people to upgrade. So that points to a cycle that extends. It also points to a lot of used machines out there that are 8, 9, 10 years old that are ripe for what we can do in the performance upgrade space. So as that population is coming forward, it represents an all-new opportunity for us to take this latest technology back across those machines. So we're really excited about doing both. In fact, as our dealers are thinking about their early orders for this year, they're trying to get their orders even earlier so they can retrofit a number of those machines to get them ready with the next-generation technology for customers.
Cory Reed: Joel, this is Cory. The only thing I would add, I think our customers and dealers are even asking for us to think on about how do we give them the opportunity to bring the latest technology to them every year. And that doesn't always mean buying a new machine 1 year and waiting 3 years and buying everything new. It means being able to manage with them how those next steps they can take in each of their operations to improve, whether it's new bushels coming in the combine or whether it's lower cost, to give them the opportunity every year to invest in that next increment that helps them on the farm. So we're thinking about what are the new models that we can use to be able to do that, and that will have a leveling effect to be able to take some of those large cycles out.
Cory Reed: Ann, maybe -- this is Cory. Maybe I'll take the first one. You're correct. That first iteration of See & Spray is See & Spray Select. It is a green on brown solution. It's what we would call a solution for burn-down. So when you're going into the field, it only sprays weeds, won't spray on the bare ground, and it's a tremendous advantage in the burn-down time. So the season we just came through relative to burning down before crop, it's a great advantage and in many cases, a small grain advantage, too. So that's the first iteration. We're also out with our pilot machines and test machines on the See & Spray Ultimate, which is the full AI, computer vision-enabled set of solutions that are in the pipeline and scheduled in limited production for next year. I'll let Josh take the second half of your question.
Cory Reed: Yes. And I would say that capital planning that we've had for multiple years allows us to invest in things like capacity where we need it, Mig. So where those lines are limited today, we're investing and our suppliers are investing and they're all ramping up at this point. So we're investing in what we think is going to be a prolonged cycle here.
Cory Reed: Yes. I'd add to Josh that he mentioned the primary platform, so our starting point in performance upgrades had started in the planter side because of all the great work at ExactEmerge. If we looked at the penetration relative to what our customers told us in terms of the value, we've taken and tried to cover as many of our previous models with ExactEmerge upgrade kits as we can. And we continue to take new technologies that come in both planting and spraying and take them back. So in the sprayer world, today, the existing technology ExactApply is going back across, so individual nozzle control and being able to take it back across as many sprayers as we can. In the future, it will be the See & Spray technology. Maybe the difference is we're now designing and working towards designing at the same time we're planning for the new to design to be able to take it back across the installed base, and that will allow us to accelerate. We're working on making sure that our dealers have the bandwidth. Dealers are busy right now, too, and they're working to put their plans in place to be able to accelerate that effort. We see significant growth rates, not only in the parts side of the business, but performance upgrades gives us the opportunity to accelerate growth in the aftermarket.
Cory Reed: No, I'd just echo, it's tight inventory, and particularly in the large ag space, these orders are moving from our factories on to dealer lots into the field. And there's not a lot of slack in that system for dealers, and they're working hard to make sure they're taking care of customers when they do that. We've had a lot of efforts in the field to make sure we have continuity at the customer level. This is the biggest thing. If you think through what our field teams have done, there's been no disruption to our customers, and our dealers have played a big role in being able to make sure that even when we had a slight disruption, they took care of customers and we got them in, got their machines in and got them running. So very little inventory on both new and used in the market right now.
