Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s fourth quarter earnings and full-year results then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for 2013. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere, is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s plans and projections for the future. They’re subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. I will now turn the call over to Raj.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, Andy. This is Tony. And I would say that on the tractor question, our order book, as you point out, we don’t have an early order program but the order book for U.S. and Canada is roughly the same type of availability as last year; but keep in mind that is with higher capacity so as you look at 8R Tractors for example, availability is out to April 2013 timeframe; again similar to last year. And then the 9RT Track Tractors would be May of 2013.
Tony Huegel: Sure. And as we move forward in the past, as you know, we’ve given specific numeric guidance. We can certainly help kind of directionally, but as we look at those costs, Susan cited really the three highest increases, emissions costs would be the greatest increase. Absorption also is impacting the year as you see a lower build in inventories and receivable. And then the various overhead spend including the portion of that employee cost, our employee adds that impact cost of sales. So those are the three main drivers in the year.
Tony Huegel: And then if you look at ag specifically, certainly the goodwill charge would’ve impacted those margins but, the press release talked about increased production costs, things like Interim Tier 4 costs, manufacturing overheads as well as some profit shares that hit cost of sales different year-over-year. Interim Tier 4 cost alone in the quarter was about $105 million so a little over $100 million, and then SG&A and R&D both were up pretty considerably in the quarter.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, again, as we talked about before and coming in line really with what our expectations are, certainly not going to see a year-over-year increase like we saw in 2012 but it’s not an insignificant number. As you look out into 2013, you have products that converted throughout the year. So, you had a partial year of cost increase for 2012 and you’ll see a full-year increase in 2013. So, they will be up and it is the number one driver of cost increase in our cost of sales. Okay, thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure. If you look at where we ended the year, pretty much in line with what we were saying from a price perspective. For the ag and turf division, we had – we were about 90% of the Interim Tier 4 costs were covered – or recovered through 2012. C&F, as expected again, a little lower than that, about 75%. So, certainly with the price realization, we’re looking at next year would expect to get much further along the line on that.
Tony Huegel: If you look at the 3% – I don’t know exactly at 100%. Certainly, ag and turf is already at 90%. So, I think it’s fair to assume you’re going to get to the 100% there. And, we’re looking at these on a product-by-product basis. So, as we’ve talked about with the smaller ag equipment, it’s harder to recover that cost; it’s a higher percent of the cost of the equipment on a product that is more price sensitive. So – versus large Ag which is where construction has similar challenges as well. So, certainly, if you look at the 3% price realization versus the cost increase in just the year, it more than covered.
Tony Huegel: And, Ann, this is Tony. The other thing I would add there is I think your question focused in on potential incentive programs in the market. And, if you look at our price realization both in 2012 and again in 2013 with 4 points and then another 3 points that would be pretty hard to do with incentive programs in the market.
Tony Huegel: We talked about in the third quarter some costs from the execution issues and that was part of the spend increase that we spoke to last quarter but I think maybe what you’re getting at is, certainly from a shipping pattern perspective, we had some impact from the combines, much lower shipments than normal in the first part of the year, especially in the first quarter, and then picking up in the back half of the year. And, again, of course that’s impacted because of the IT4 transition.
Tony Huegel: No. Keep in mind, when we talk about incremental cost, in 2012 the total costs were about $485 million higher year-over-year, okay? When we talk about the impact on cost of sales being up again in 2014 that’s in addition to the $485 million so it’s additive. So if you look back further, 2011 was $155 million, we had another $485 million last year, and then we’re adding on top of that yet again this year.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Certainly, again as you look at our price realization for the year, I think that’s indicative of our ability to hold that price so.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind on those tractors – on large tractors, most of those – those are ordered well in advance of when we’re actually shipping and retailing those. So that’s also impacting it.
Tony Huegel: Net sales of the equipment operations.Rob McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Net sales of the equipment operations, okay.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, so.Rob McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: So, excluding finance and interest income and other income that are reported....
Tony Huegel: Right. Yeah, as typical when we are providing our guidance, it would be on the equipment operations with financial services on the equity basis.Rob McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: I just wanted to make absolutely sure.
Tony Huegel: On construction and forestry? Again, we’re really – it’s a similar story to what we saw last year. We’re continuing to see strength in the rental channel, energy related, those sorts of things is what’s drive – continuing to drive that modest improvement for that particular division.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, it is up – it will be up about $70 million; that’s on an enterprise basis. Of course, most of that is equipment operations.
Tony Huegel: And that would be – Eli, that’s about two – roughly, it’s about two-thirds cost of sales and the rest SA&G.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. Certainly, I think – as you said in part of that, I think it’s more of a reflection of last year and the lower sales of combines. Keep in mind, in terms of the....
Tony Huegel: The production, right, of combines. But, last year – or in terms of the tax incentive, keep in mind, they have to take possession by that – by the end of the year and with the order books in the position that we have them in, they would have needed to have those ordered well in advance in order to take advantage of any of that tax incentive. The other thing to keep in mind, it’s 50% this year; in 2011, it was 100%. So, it would really go down to the more traditional. As you look out into 2013, it goes down to the five-year depreciation so 20%. So, it’s not as large of a step function from 2012 to 2013 as it was from 2011 to 2012.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, I think our expectation for credit would be that by the end of the year about 70% of our expected claims will be paid by then.
Tony Huegel: Well that’s – but that’s our – checks from our John Deere insurance. It’s hard to know what other insurance companies are doing, but if you look at just our business, for our customers 70% of the expected payments will be made by the end of the calendar year.
Raj Kalathur: Andrew, now there are two items – this is Raj – there are two items that in particular you need to make note of. One is the goodwill charge, that was about $33 million for water pre-tax and $31 million after-tax, and if you include that plus the effective tax rate increases, it was almost a $70 million impact on net income that was one-time. Okay? So you got to look at both sides. And these two alone, on a one-time basis, impacted the net income by $70 million. So if you add that back to the net income, now it would’ve been higher than the guidance we provided and higher than the First Call consensus estimates.
Raj Kalathur: So, if you look at the – item-by-item, let me provide some qualitative view for each one of these. Price realization, of course, impacts the cost of sales as a percent of net sales; that’s up 3%. It’s already set. Volume is going to be up for 2013 about 2 points. Manufacturing inefficiencies in 2012 that we had, you should not see in 2013. Now, material we said is not significant either way. In terms of IT4 material, it’s like Marie just said; it’s not as high as last year. I would say it’s about 60% of what we had last year. Depreciation is going to be higher and overhead expenses, as you can imagine, the 5,000 additional people and that’s going to impact cost of sales, SG&A, and also R&D. So, to that extent that’s going to be higher as well.
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Ann, this is Raj. Now, you do – you did, I’m assuming, notice that the operating margins go up in 2013 compared to 2012. Now, the other thing, if you look at the incremental margins, of course they are better in 2013 compared to 2012; it’s improving. And, if you were to calculate the net income incrementals that would be about 6.6% for 2012, goes up about 2 points – roughly 2 points for 2013. So, the margins are actually getting better from 2012 to 2013.
Raj Kalathur: And, if I can add to what Marie said, Ann; now the 2012 versus 2011, 14% to 7% that Marie mentioned, if you look at the quarter four, okay, quarter four of 2011 our SG&A was about $769 million, okay? That’s a 9.5% increase above the quarter four 2012 so that’s fine. Now, if you look at the guidance we had going into July – August guidance going into the fourth quarter, we actually did better than the guidance we provided to you at that point. So, I think the guidance we provided was about $880 million, and our quarter four actual SG&A was $842 million.
Raj Kalathur: Now, our forecast essentially for CapEx and other expenses indicate caution based on the economic uncertainties, okay? Now, we have asked the divisions – we have approved the capital expenditures and expenses but asked our units to delay as much of it as practical into January, okay? Now, the current plans of course reflect our assessment of the probabilities of different economic outcome. And, as the economic scenarios become clearer, we may modify our plans, right? So, we will pull levers and cut down in investments if the scenario worsens, and we may accelerate our plans as prudent if the economic scenario turns positive. So, you should see that as just a pragmatic, sensible approach to both CapEx and expenses.Rob McCarthy – Robert W. Baird: Yeah, I got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Marie Ziegler: It is something that Deere is watching in the U.S. certainly, but it’s way too early to make any predictions at this stage of the game. But, it is something that we’re watching. Has it affected initial sales? Certainly not from the commentary on the early order programs on – ranging from combines to sprayers and even frankly what you’re seeing with the tractor activity.
Marie Ziegler: I’m unable to quantify it for you or just maybe unwilling, but suffice it to say that you have seen the construction equipment division performing very well prior certainly to the recession and we have – we are delivering that kind of performance. But, there is no question that we are impacted in this division by pretty – for them, pretty significant investments, not only in growth, in Brazil and we’re talking about China, but also frankly in some IT4 expenses. Now, I should be starting to say Final Tier 4 expenses. Again, the time – the lag time between the implementation of IT4 and Final Tier 4 is very compressed.
Marie Ziegler: There are a number of factors at play in Europe, including the very significant product line expansions that you saw when you were in Lisbon a year and a half ago. We’ve also made strides in strengthening our distribution capabilities in the market and we think that’s starting to pay some nice dividends.
Marie Ziegler: So, Ann, let me just maybe set the table here and go back to net sales as a – and the change in net sales versus the change in our SG&A because I think that might help calibrate things. In 2010 – I’m going to go back three years – our net sales were up 14%, SG&A was up 10%. In 2011, we were up 25% for net sales, SG&A only up 12%. Net sales in 2012, as you know we just reported, up 14%, SG&A up 7%. So, there is a little bit of catch-up, if you will, from some spend required to support the infrastructure, if you will, of these higher sales in the form primarily of people. So, we think that while we are very mindful of our expenses, and I can assure you as a member of the CFO staff we’re very mindful of our expenses, we are actually exhibiting good control relative to the types of growth that we have not only delivered, but what we have envisioned for the future.
Marie Ziegler: Wow! Okay, first of all, we would view with our global growth the operating cash requirements that you would see at – typically at a yearend would be somewhere in the $4 billion to $5 billion range and that really reflects the changing nature of the business and that’s basically where we are today. So, we’ve got about $1 billion to $1.5 billion extra in pre-funding. Depending on how market conditions play out, as we move through the end of the year and we see hopefully a very successful resolution to this fiscal cliff, we won’t feel it necessary to have that level of pre-funding. So that, I think, takes care of your first question.
Marie Ziegler: Regarding the dividend, the dividend really is the purview of the Board, and so I will not be able to make a comment on the dividend. And, your third question would – we are not providing a prescriptive or point-blank number on where we are. It’s fair to say that the ag markets in the U.S. are very strong, not as strong in markets outside, and construction is still in, I’ll say, a recovery mode, although they’re getting closer to a more typical cycle. So, three questions for you, Steve.
Marie Ziegler: When we talk – when we think about that ourselves, we tend to look at products not geographies, and you have products in some geographies that have very attractive yields and some that don’t. And so, it’s really more product centric. With that, Tony didn’t mention it as one of the driving factors so, David, we don’t have a comment on that.
Marie Ziegler: And for the sake of those who may not be as familiar with our Brazilian operations, we have made significant investments down there in factory, capacity. We have had a very significant broadening of our tractor line but frankly of many product lines. Two years ago, approximately we launched 50 new products, many of which were in categories that we were not yet competing. We also have a very good dealer organization. We’ve been growing their presence and their footprint in Brazil as well and we’re benefiting from that.
Marie Ziegler: In terms of – no. Actually, the – it would be implied or included in the kinds of guidance that we’ve already provided. But, we’re not going to be able to comment specifically on the factory. Thank you.
Marie Ziegler: I think what we were referring to there is that we’re actually looking at some partnerships with some banks to help us facilitate financing in various markets, and we have or are close to having in some markets some new agreements that’ll help us in countries in Europe and in the former Soviet Union where we – or the East Bloc would be better to say where we haven’t had a presence. But, I don’t have anything to publicly announce on this call.
Marie Ziegler: For construction, heck, by virtue of the fact that we’re actually projecting inventories will end next year up a bit, we’re in very good shape. And, again on our – on the ag side, while there’s always little pockets here and there, it’s pretty de minimis relative to the size of the business.
