Tony Huegel: Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer, Marie Ziegler, Deputy Financial Officer and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we will take a closer look at Deere’s first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the current outlook for 2013. After that, we will respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere, is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Susan.
Tony Huegel: Yes. We would actually. In terms of strength, where we are strength, we would continue to say the key areas, rental continues to be stronger energy related as well as material handling. That really hasn't changed. I think, where the ready outlook has changes, we are seeing some caution around some of the uncertainties around fiscal policies and particularly impacting our Construction & Forestry business, and dealers in particular, I think also are cautious. And as a result, they are beginning to pull down their inventory somewhat.
Tony Huegel: Right. Actually you touched on one of the reasons with combines shipments. Keep in mind that last year we actually had the opposite phenomena and in the sense that we were producing and shipping a higher than normal percentage of combines in the back half of the year. And in 2013, we'll be moving to what would be a more typical shipping pattern on those combines, so we are seeing a lot more being shipped in this first half. Especially in the first quarter, we saw more combines shipped versus last year. In fact last year was like maybe about 10% the combine that were of the annual shipments of combines went out in the first quarter, and Europe closer to 15% to 20% in the first quarter this year, so it's a big shift.
Tony Huegel: Right, so specifically on early order programs and these are for the order programs that were active during the quarter. So excluding cotton and combines and sprayers ended during our fourth quarter. So, outside of that, we are still low double-digits year-over-year on the early order program. So that things like self-propelled windrowers, forage harvesters, as well as planting equipment. Our combine early order program ended in mid-January and was for the U.S. and then February 1 in Canada but very, very strong and we have virtually all of our production covered with the early order program. On tractors again, our order window is open about seven months and track tractors in particular, are very strong. Both 8 and 9 track tractors are affectively sold out during that order window. In both cases, keep in mind that’s with additional capacity for U.S. production. On the 8R wheeled tractors, the effective availability is late June. Again on additional capacity, over 2012 and on the 9R wheels, there is availability in April of this year which is similar to where we were last year. So, across the board very comfortable to where we were last year, but on higher capacity for the U.S. and Canada.
Tony Huegel: I would also reiterate, compared to some of our competitors if you look at our overall margin, I think we are doing fairly well.
Tony Huegel: Yes, and certainly as we look at our pricing, again in Brazil. we continue to have positive price realization year-over-year, again in the first quarter. We had positive price realization. I think for us, as you are aware, we have introduced a number of new products in to that market and they have been very, very successful. We have talked for a number of years about the strength of our distribution and I think as you see the market shares shift, that just further demonstrates what we have been saying regarding the strength of that distribution. So again we are very positive about that regarding combines. Certainly we would hope to see the recovery and keep in mind, it is a pretty small drop in the year on combine market share but we would certainly expect to continue to recover from that and perhaps even extend our share further.
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly with credit I wouldn’t imply that by lack of discussion that it isn’t an issue because certainly there is some tightening of credit and in CIS countries. We talked about it last quarter. Really it is just the more significant change would be around the import duties, specifically on combines that were added. Keep in mind that really begins in mid-February and runs through June currently.
Tony Huegel: Oh, its actually July, I am sorry. And then there will be a determination of whether that gets extended or not. So it is probably premature to talk about what kind of long-term impact that may have.
Tony Huegel: Sure, and I want to make sure that I am separating the two because we talk about in the past about material cost and then we have talked about interim Tier 4 material cost. As we mentioned, in the first quarter material costs excluding IT4, it is not a material impact, either positively or negative in terms of driving any change in that cost of sales percentage. On interim Tier 4, certainly that is an impact, the emission cost, if we look at unfavorable factors impacting our cost of sales ratios, interim Tier 4 product cost would be the largest impact in this year. As you mentioned, we'll move into final Tier 4 beginning in 2014, and so you will start to see in addition to, you have your interims forecast to pretty much be completed, but you will start seeing final Tier 4 and that should be fairly similar to what we saw in terms of the ramp-up, not necessarily the total cost to what we saw with interim Tier 4 in that large Ag 175 horsepower equipment is the effective date of that that regulations is January 1, so you will start seeing large ago Ag go and then below 175 horsepower in 2015.
Tony Huegel: Yes. At this point that import duty is only on combine and we are not aware of any change at point with tractors, so the outlook really is impacting combine alone. That impact as Susan pointed out, it's not just Russia, but that affects Russia and Kazakhstan as well as.
Tony Huegel: Sure. Certainly there continues be and it kind of depends on what industry you are referring to in terms of a typical usage. For example sugar industry tends to use both, tractors and harvesters very heavily on an annual basis. And to your point, with their holding patterns they tend to be pretty much ready for scrap by the time they are ready to the trade-in. Grain industry is a little bit different and there is probably to best characterize maybe a bit of a developing used equipment market. Typically they are trading in every five years or so, but a typical grain farmer is putting fewer hours on than what you would see in the sugar industry. So, our dealers do take trade there. In some cases, similar to the U.S. still have an in-house used equipment department to process those through. Some of them actually outsource it and have others take care of selling that used equipment. But again I would characterize it more as a developing issue or market versus what you would have in the U.S.
Tony Huegel: We typically have, in fact, that’s been consistent with our range that we started the year with and throughout the year last year as well.
Tony Huegel: Yes. Certainly. Unfortunately now with any specific. We are currently working with the Russian government specifically in terms of what those definitions are and trying to ensure that we can move that direction if feasible and qualifies local production, but that's something that we are working through at the moment.
Tony Huegel: It depends on how quickly you can reach an agreement and what that requirement would be that be, so it would be very premature to speculate on that.
Tony Huegel: I am sorry. Keep in mind, on new equipment, in terms of, for our farmer customer, by the time they realize they want to extend some tax shelter or take advantage of that quite often for us, our order book, especially on large Ag are extended beyond January 1 or December 31 and so they wouldn’t be able to order and receive that equipment ahead of that December 31 cutoff to take a lot of advantage of new equipment.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: Hi, Good morning. Credit Suisse, and sorry just to follow-up to Andy's question on the C&F side, I guess two questions. One, I mean, Tony, when you look at your forecast on housing, it's up a little, non-res is down a little, so your economic forecast really hasn't changed that much, so I guess my question is, is this more Deere specific and that that you had too much inventory in channel and you are making some adjustments that other people made before and just what's the level of dealer inventory out there I guess needs to get cut. My second question is, I am pretty sure you said margins are still 8% in C&F on a lower sales forecast, and I just wanted you to confirm that, and then how were you able to achieve the same margins on a lower sales increase? Thanks.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: But I guess, Marie, do you feel like you guys were a little late on the inventory reduction relative to some other guys? Or you were just more cautious? Is it marker or is it Deere? I guess I am still not.
Jamie Cook - Credit Suisse: I think that your Tier 4 class assumption's are lower. Is there anything else driving that or not? Because it seems to me, the mix isn’t going to help your sales forecast. All right, maybe I am splitting hairs.
Marie Ziegler: Sorry, Tony, our (inaudible). So Jamie, we are really tweaking our inventories on that construction side. If you look at the ending guidance, its down hundred and some million dollars from our previous outlook. So it is really tweaking but again, in the field, we are seeing a little slower rate in terms of inventory growth and that is just what you are seeing in terms of inventory ordering. So you are seeing that reflected in a little bit of caution in our outlook especially for the second quarter.
Marie Ziegler: I think if you are comparing us to another company, you know we are talking $100 million, $200 million, not dramatic changes relative to others. So I think you are talking more tweaking but nonetheless that shows up in our sales guidance.
Marie Ziegler: Let me start with warranty. Ann, as you know Deere has extremely high product quality. And in fact over the last decade, we've taken our warranty rate actually down by about a third, so we are doing very good in that. You are well aware as I am sure everyone is, that we have had because of IT4, a record number of product introductions in a compressed time. And it's good as our product or occasionally we have to make a few corrections and so this really just relates to the fact we've had this huge number of product introductions. And when you launch something new, you occasionally have to make a few fixes, so no big story there.
Marie Ziegler: We would expect that you might see a little bit of an increase in the run rate as you move forward again just reflecting on the launch of product. In any other quarter, it wouldn't have even shown as factor to explain the quarter's results. It's just that we had relatively low sales volumes in the first quarter, so it's a little more apparent.
Marie Ziegler: Excuse me, Not a struggler, actually a very, very good execution. We just want to help you understand that there are costs associated with this product cost in addition to the R&D and the capital expense associated with it and that's helpful in understanding our margins. We've done a very good job on cost recovery and we have added a significant amount of value to our customers. Because as we've discussed in the past, the product introductions are around IT4, so in addition to getting the emissions upgrade, we are getting a tremendous amount of features and values.
Marie Ziegler: So the drop in the second quarter is really exclusively related to North American construction and then there is also some forestry activity. In Brazil, indeed we are actually building our presence. So although there are tariffs, as you know we are entering that market. We have got a dealer network that we are supporting with equipment sales, imported equipment sales prior to the launch of production in our factories which will really be '14 and 2015 event. So it has nothing to do with Brazil and it’s a tweaking in North America as we talked about earlier.
Marie Ziegler: In first quarter you might see a little bit of the impact more as you get started with some demonstration models and things like that farm shows, but no it's really a fiscal 2014. You're also aware we talked about the inventories and receivables being a little higher on the Ag side than what original guidance have been. We will continue to refine our transition plan as we move through the year, so you can some activity there. In terms of cost up, Eli, the bigger cost up was really to go from Tier 3 the IT4. Going to final Tier 4 well, is still cost up, is not quite as significant. I do not have precise estimates of the number, but as you said on a 10-point scale, if you are going from Tier 3 to IT4 was a 10 then maybe you are looking at 5-point, 6-point 7-point to go from IT4 to final Tier 4, but we are still, as you might imagine, working on that.
Marie Ziegler: No. There may have been some tweaking in terms of the timing of some shipments but I don’t think given the relative size of the market you are not looking at a big, huge change on the combines.
Marie Ziegler: Four for the quarter, there is really not a story there. As you can see that we are unprepared to answer it nothing.
Marie Ziegler: No. The biggest change that we are seeing is really coming out of the U.K., which relates to the weather that we've talk already about, but it's a large one of the key markets in that part of the world and it is very, very weak. We're actually seeing some stabilization in the South, which is gratifying although stabilizing at very low levels. We actually had some strength in markets like France and even some growth in Germany. So, it's really is really the U.K. the unique phenomena related to the weather and resulting crop yields of last year and then concern emerging over what happened this winter.
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. I think you may recall that we ended the year with about $6 billion of cash and we said we had pulled forward some funding because we were concerned about the outlook for the risk on fiscal cliff, et cetera and consistent with that, we moderated our share repurchases and I do want to emphasize that share repurchase is a residual use of cash. This tends to be a high use of cash time for us in the first half of the year as well. So no story.
Marie Ziegler: Well, we do not ever comment on dividend policy actions. You know that we convey that over a long time. We desire to be known as a company that consistently and moderately increased dividends and that we have a targeted payout on average over a long period of time of 25% to 35%. If you look at the monies that we have returned to shareholders really since we began our share repurchase program in 2004, you are looking at about 60%. Some of that has been in the form of dividends. Some of it has been in the form of share repurchase.
Marie Ziegler: It extends through 2013. Actually, at the margin, we would view it very much so as additive because it is most significant in helping facilitate moving the used goods and that’s obviously important in a mature market. So that was a favorable development for us.
Rajesh Kalathur: Hey, Jamie, this is Raj. Just on the C&F inventories, we are essentially up, C&F inventories versus receivable to about $200 million for Q1 primarily because we have a stronger market in Canada for construction and we have consigned inventory in Canada. Okay, that’s what went up. Now we are taking it down. The reduction in the C&F forecast, we like taking it down and that is reflected in, as Marie said, inventory versus receivables going down almost nothing by the end of the year.
Rajesh Kalathur: On the used equipment, now what I can comment, Steven is, the combines is one that everybody picks up typically, value of the price levels are holding very low, inventories and turns are in decent shape as well. Now, when it comes to tractors [crops] were in very good shape and all those key parameters four-wheel drives, given the retail sales we have had, we are very comfortable with the inventory levels and the turns we have on four-wheel drives. Pricing is holding very well as well.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, let me reiterate something here, Ann. In terms of investments for our emissions, no. We are making dollars and I think we are talking about those. Our competitors have costs as well, okay? So it's not cost that only Deer is seeing. Others are seeing it as well. And, like Marie said, our implementation is done very well and we are looking forward to keeping that momentum FT4 transitions as well coming up '14 and '13.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj. Let me broadly say that, some time back there was this Mais Alimentos program in Brazil that provided additional subsidies for smaller farmers and we have seen that that’s peaked off and since then the national economics has determined essentially that the larger farmers are growing. Okay, and if you look at our own past experiences, these are very large farmers and in 2011, 2012 approximately 60 of these farmers who would contribute almost $0.5 billion worth of our revenues in that market. We have said that in the past. If you look at the first quarter, we have a slightly higher proportion of large Ag sales in Brazil than in the first quarter of last year. So it is increasing especially for us towards large Ag and our proportion of large customers is increasing.
Rajesh Kalathur: So the forestry business is a very important portion of our business. If you know, our long term strategy, and our 2018 aspirations, we have articulated that we have the growth businesses which are Ag and construction and the complimentary businesses Turf or Ag and forestry or constructions. So we think of that as an important contributor going forward in terms of being complimentary to the construction equipment business. In terms of longer term growth, we are not expecting as much from forestry as from construction. Tailwinds in construction is very critical for us. Tailwinds in forestry, we think are very modest. So we have been looking to get good SVA and not great top line from forestry going forward.
Rajesh Kalathur: Part of that Jerry is lot of rounding. You need to be careful about how we do this, right? so, more so story you will find is actually in rounding.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, now Ashish, we need to re-provide guidance and the top line as you know 1% increments, so there is a range that you need to be careful about in terms of rounding 0.2 to 1.8, okay? And again, on the other hand, we provide guidance on net income $100 million increments, so you got to be thinking about the range there as well could be anywhere between $20 million $180 million. And if you look at our operating margins for Ag and C&F, we have said it's 15%, 8%, those have not changed. And now, we are also looking at in terms of effective tax rate 34 to 36. Now, Q1 what 30, because of a discrete item. Overall, we are saying it's going to be 34 to 36, and then given the uncertain economic environment around the world, you will expect some caution from us in crops at least so especially in the second half outlook. So, factoring these, I think you should be able to add up the numbers that we provided.
Rajesh Kalathur: This is Raj. Let me reiterate that our cash use priorities are the same. They haven’t changed, okay.
Rajesh Kalathur: The recent Section 179 announcements came in the first week of January. So the previous November, December, this was after that November, December when the announcement came in. So, as Marie said, we are expecting an impact on the used equipment movement because it is this year and not in 2012.
