Tony Huegel: Thank you, Josh. We're now ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. Raj, J. B. and I, are available for your questions. In consideration of others, though, and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call, please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions, we ask that you rejoin the queue. The operator will now instruct you on the following procedure.
Tony Huegel: I think certainly, especially if you look into quarter. But if you look at the full year I mean you have, as Josh mentioned in the opening comments from an incremental perspective; if you strip out those one-time items, like SiteOne from a positive side, voluntary separation, those sorts of things; you’re still on the neighborhood of 30% and that was incremental for ag, and that's not with a real strong mix from a large ag perspective; there's some positive mix for our ag on the year, but most of that's coming from slight positive with parts, not so much from the completed side of things. But you're also -- as we talked about throughout the year, we’ve seen pretty significant headwinds on material costs; the higher rates than we would have anticipated certainly going into the year and what we have had anticipated around the 500 million savings; so those headwinds -- we'll see what happens with steel costs and other commodity costs if you go into 2018. Currently, our forecast would imply flattish, not the improvement we had hoped for. Last quarter, we were anticipating we receive some softening. As we go into 2018, most of the outlook today that we're looking at would stay more flattish to at least the lion share of 2018; but not headwinds year-over-year like we saw this year from an increase. The other thing you mentioned, warranty. And I think we did talk about that in the quarter. And I think it's worth spending maybe a little bit of time, because if you look at the underlying ongoing rate of warranty claims that actually starting to come down a bit. And then talking specifically in ag, because that's the area that we’ve talked about this quarter. But what's occurred in the quarter is -- and you're I think aware of it, Jamie; occasionally, we’ll choose to proactively fix certain product issues that have been identified in the field; and we refer to those as product improvement programs. And it really relates to -- we have very strong focus on customer satisfaction and product quality. And so when we identify those things, we want to make sure they got taken care off right away. In those situations, we accrue the costs for those repairs or for that program in the quarter that the program is identified or launched. And so you tend to get lumpy charges from those product improvement programs, because of an accrual upfront; we've had a few of those in the quarter; if you step back I know one of the concerns maybe around quality. But remember, we have launched a very large number of new products in recent years, primarily related to emission requirements. And as a result of that with that higher level of new product that has entered the market, we’ve seen a bit of an increase in those product improvements programs; and again, especially in the quarter. And that primarily what drove the higher warranty in the quarter. I would remind you also that we did increase our parts warranty program in earlier in the year. And so that does have a little bit of increase on the ongoing warranty rate versus what we would have seen a year ago. But the biggest issue in the quarter really was around those improvement programs, which theoretically won't repeat at least at these levels as we go into 2018.
Tony Huegel: Really what I'm looking at in the numbers I pulled for late, specifically the large ag in total. So I don’t have details in front of me in combines and tractor, for example. But I don’t believe they’d be significantly different; combines, remember we’re in better shape, so I guess most of the reduction will be in tractors. But if you look at large ag in total, we would say at the end of our third quarter, we’re down about 37% from the peak, which would have been in summer of 2014. Last quarter, we were down about 36% and a year ago, at this time, we were down 23%. So if you think about over that last year, we’ve gone from down 23% to down 37%. So our dealers have done a great job of bringing those used inventories down. We're continuing to focus on that. Putting that in perspective, these are the lowest levels on an absolute basis since September of 2012. So the dealers again have pulled a lot of inventory out of the system, and it really goes part the comment to both Josh and J. B. made about that being a much more supportive environment for our dealers today as they work with our customers.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, if you look at large versus small in the U.S. and Canada, a percent of mid-cycle; small ag wouldn’t be as far down, certainly; they’ve performed much better through this down turn and that’s the part of the positive story that we've had. So I think there’s certainly, from that perspective there’s always more upside on large ag. And when you think about early order programs, that’s mostly visibility in the large ag. We don’t tend to get that kind of visibility on small ag. At this point, we still be relying more on some of the economic modeling and dealer feedback and so on that we’ll be getting. But on the early order program on those plants and the equipment and as well as sprayers, we're up double-digit. And I don’t' want to go into the specific number simply because the number -- it is off relatively low level, those are product categories that were at the lower end of the range that large ag went to. But it's been very encouraging actually it's a bit stronger than what we would have anticipated. And so that’s very positive in terms of the potential for large ag to continue the type of recovery that we’ve talked about as early as last quarter. Now, it's always caution around it at this point that was one phase of the program. But again, it does directionally point to another data point I guess that would point to a stronger year next year for large ag. We’ll see as we move through the quarter and as the combine early order program kicks in, remember that just started earlier this month. So it's very premature to talk about. We’ll give an update on that in fourth quarter. But again, most of those signs from customer sentiment to the orders that we’re starting to see would still be viewed as positive for 2018, as it relates to large ag.
Tony Huegel: And just to clarify, remember that was $90 million in 2016 and then another $160 million in '17; so cumulatively $250 million towards by the end of this year.
Tony Huegel: Well not. I think, how I would answer that is if you look at the sales forecast for the year, if you take out FX and keep in mind there's some brownie in there. So it appears in our guidance that FX was 100% of the change, but there was a little bit of volume increase as well in that sales forecast. But effectively it's unchanged. And so when you think about it from that perspective, while clearly we came in a little short in the third quarter from what we had anticipated, most of those sales simply shifted into the fourth quarter. So it is not a change in our annual guidance, it's just a difference year-over-year, which is always a danger in getting too focused on any individual quarter I would say the same thing from ours. And if you can have one quarter where you get certain expenses or positives that make the quarter look much worse or much better than it might otherwise; and so it's always important to put that in perspective to the full year. And I think from that when you look at it that way, our margins are still very strong year-over-year, especially when you consider some of the headwinds that we phased with just material alone. And so, I think that’s still a very strong story, and one I think that we will continue to point to. Third quarter again specifically we talked about it. One example, we continue to have headwinds from material. And we had headwinds from warranty, those product improvement programs in the quarter. And while the sales were up considerably, remember we’re still at relatively low production level. And so as a result of that when you get some of those targets they do tend to be magnified and weigh a little heavier than what they would have a few years ago. And I think that’s part of what transpires in the quarter, in particular.
Tony Huegel: I think that there is certainly, as you look at that receivable and inventory increase, I think absolutely, the message there should be the continued confidence and strength as we go into 2018. But keep in mind, as Josh mentioned in his opening comments. When you look at Ag & Turf, in particular, most of that was actually inventory increase and Deere inventory, as you start to ramp up those facilities a little bit earlier in the fourth quarter. There is very little receivable increase. In fact, what to the extent there was receivable, our dealer inventory increase, that was entirely outside the U.S. and Canada for Ag & Turf. And when you look at the U.S. and Canada dealer inventory, it's actually lower year-over-year on our forecast. So the implication that we’re pushing a bunch of sales out this year and effectively pulling them out of 2018 and into 2017, would absolutely not the correct at least if it relates to U.S. and Canada market.
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind that the U.S. and Canada. And so as you think about Wirtgen, it was roughly a quarter of their sales are in the Americas; so not just U.S. and Canada, but all of the Americas, the bulk of their sales actually are coming from Europe and Asia; Europe is the biggest market and then Asia would also be another 25% or so. So again, I would not imply that at all in terms of what the opportunity might be for Wirtgen as we go forward.
Tony Huegel: I think as you think about Brazil, certainly and J. B. I know has been there recently, maybe go chime in as well. But demand continues to be very strong there. There is always a little bit of noise when you go through a transition from one harvest program to the next, and there was a little bit this time around. Although, as Josh mentioned in his opening comments, it was actually one of the more smooth transitions is what we've heard from our group there. So certainly, and again, we continue to view that market very favorably to the point of the strong income, those farmer customers continue to get experience. That tends to be a pretty positive view as we look out even into 2018. Remember, this is a market we have customers that have remained really pretty profitable even through the downturn and as that stabilization in the broader economy and political uncertainty began to firm up that when that market really took off and we would continue to believe this is really some of the early stages of a true recovery in that market.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, if you think about fourth quarter, remember again, I’ll reiterate. While you're still seeing year-over-year higher sales, it's still a lower production month and you still have some pretty significant factories that have shutdowns during that fourth quarter and that would, maybe not to the extent year-over-year. But you're certainly still going to see those shutdowns. Material cost continues to be a headwind as we think about the fourth quarter. If we look at, if we exclude some of those onetime items, the incrementals do get a little better where we’ll be approaching 20% plus; which is, again for fourth quarter, you cannot have quite as much leverage because of the lower level of production. Again, as you think about going into 2018, when you think about incremental margins it's very difficult to say because as we've talked about before mix matters pretty significantly in terms of where that sales growth is coming from. And remember, we do have -- year-over-year we’ll have headwinds in comparisons for things like SiteOne that won't repeat in 2018. But on the flip side, we would expect not as much headwind on material cost, not as much headwind on things like warranty that we’ve talked about earlier. So we’ll have to talk more about that in fourth quarter in terms of how all those things balance each other out, and what those margins may look like. But certainly as Raj pointed earlier, if we do start to see that large ag business continue to come back on a broad basis and see increases year-over-year at these lower levels, you should see some pretty attractive incrementals.
Tony Huegel: Yes. So when you think about construction, think about -- I'll say flattish price for the year. It is slightly better than what we would have been at a quarter ago. We would have been -- I still would if it's said flattish. But on the negative side, this is flattish on the positive side but not a ton of movement as you think about that. Again, remember for our order book the orders tend to be more dealer stock and in that particular business versus retail. Although, retail really beginning in that February time frame have been very positive, continue to be very positive. So that dealer optimism that we've heard and saw very early in the year is translating into retail sales. Now, when you think about that business in the order books, it continues to be very strong. Remember this is a business that tends to be, I'd say, on average 45 days out depending on the product. And most, if not all, of our fourth quarter production is already filled with orders behind that and dealer order, not retail orders. But that just kind of continues to be evidence that that market continues be very strong year-over-year, and not unlike larger ag, I mean, off of low level, but still seeing some nice uptick and that momentum doesn’t seem to be slowing much. So we're hopeful that will continue well into 2018.
Tony Huegel: The incentive comp would be -- it would be split between cost of sales and SA&G, so it would be in both.
Tony Huegel: And so expect when you see our fourth quarter numbers, you should anticipate seeing an even higher level of cash as we bring that cash back to equipment obviously to prepare for that.
Tony Huegel: There is a lot of uncertainty in the general food and agricultural trade arena, as you know. Just this week, the renegotiation of NAFTA is underway; there's rhetoric about an economic war with China; there's 201, 301 cases; all of this creates uncertainty in the food and agricultural area, especially in the U.S. And part of the reason for the heightened uncertainty is as you suggest, while aluminum or steel or some of these commodities are quite a long distance from the agricultural sector, the likelihood of retaliation is always there. And of course, the agricultural exports from the U.S. are a prime target for that. So that heightens the uncertainty that if we take trade action in one area of the economy then certainly because the U.S. is very prominent and agricultural exports, that could be an area that is very politically sensitive and one in which the other countries are likely to retaliate. So that’s a danger. It's out there. We’re monitoring it very closely, all of the trade developments in Washington and elsewhere in the world.
Raj Kalathur: Jamie, this is Raj. Let me just add to what Tony talked about, and your question about margins, going forward. There is a lot of noise in this quarter and that’s why we say, hey look at the full year. And then beyond that, we’re just at the nascent stage in terms of cycle, especially when you think about large ag North America. So that’s a mix shift better as to Tony’s point, this can get better. Remember, we are still a very low percent of mid-cycle. So at these levels, these margins when it's structural enough, it's a good bet. Now $500 million above, you’re on track with the $500 million and we could have been even ahead, but for the material inflation headwind, Tony talked about. So if material inflation is flat, like where it is right now fuel prices that might offer some additional help. Now, if you remember we said direct material cost reductions of 2.5% per year is what we’ve baked in with, so structural cost reduction. So we are getting that 2.5% structural direct material cost reduction pretty much. But we also said we’re expecting about 0.5 of that being eaten away by FX and material inflation; this year, it's more than 0.5, even away where material inflation. So, if that changes and as we accumulate even more structural direct material cost reduction, margin should improve even further. Now one thing I'll add is let's keep in mind that it's going to get harder to pin point the portion of the improvement coming from the structural cost reduction we talked about as things start improving and the cycle goes up. We’ll have some leverage come back at. So it will be hard to pin point leverage versus structural cost reductions, but we’ll try our best to talk about it.
Raj Kalathur: And the other thing, Jerry, is you got to think about month of supply on a forward looking basis, it gets even better.
Raj Kalathur: So I think we have said, we have about $250 million out of that $500 million in this U.S. forecast so far, and that's roughly where we are as well. In spite of the signals that can hit them, we’ve had some material inflation. So if the material inflation wasn’t that high even higher in terms of our overall -- meeting our overall goal of $500 million. So we are on track, which means we are on track to get to the $500 million by the end of 2018, so anything beyond the $250 million, you’re going to see in the fiscal '18 numbers.
Raj Kalathur: Just to add to Tony’s comment on the order book. Last quarter, we would have set the order book on a year-to-date basis was about 30% to 35% better than the previous year-to-date at that point. That number now, if you take the year-to-date orders for this year it's over 40%, same year-to-date numbers from last year. So stronger order book is one of the reasons you're seeing some of this additional increases.
Raj Kalathur: The cash growing is essentially to get ready for the Wirtgen deal, you said Joel. So we still haven't borrowed what we said as up to $1 billion being euros so that'll happen between now and closing. And we expect to close Wirtgen in first quarter of '18. So you will see cash increase between now and closing.
Raj Kalathur: Ross, all we’ll say with respect to Wirtgen is, we’re on track. We’re currently anticipating closing the transaction the first quarter '18. And as of 14th of August, the regulatory approvals are coming in as we have thought. So we have regulatory approvals from nine out of 15 countries. So two of the major ones, Europe and U.S., we have regulatory approvals for. We still have to get regulatory approvals from Russia and China. But once we close you will expect to hear more from us on this topic. Until then, we still have the same things that we told you when we announce Wirtgen. So we really don’t have an update beyond that.
