Tony Huegel: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, Manager, Investor Communications. Today we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our Web site at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters.  Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our Web site at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, here’s Susan.
Tony Huegel: I’ll start with the credit availability. Credit still remains available and readily available in the market. As we’ve talked about in the past, the market in general is more affected negatively in the south, but the northern part of Europe, which tends to be stronger markets for Deere, continues to be very strong, so as you see in our outlook, we continue to look for flat to up 5% in the market for the year. 
Tony Huegel: The weaker forecast, really, is more of a function of two things. Of course, there was some weather impact from the drought that affected both southern Brazil and Argentina, but more importantly, we’ve lowered our outlook for Argentina specifically, basically through dealing with some challenges there around some of the government policies. 
Tony Huegel: In terms of the second quarter being a little lower than the outlook we had given in February, really, that’s driven by three areas. You mentioned South America. Argentina in particular, was much lower than what we had anticipated, and then also Asia, so India and China. Both were lower in the quarter than we had forecasted. 
Tony Huegel: Certainly, we’ve, from a market share perspective, we have, over recent years, had taken some very good market share. As you may have heard us talk about before today, we are a clear number two provider in the US and Canada markets on construction. And actually, our market share, while we don’t disclose that in this region, we are the clear -- we are actually closer to number one than what number three would be to us.  The other thing we’ve done in that process is a much broader -- brought a much broader portfolio to the market. We’ve also talked a lot about price realization over the last decade, averaging over 3 points of positive price realization year over year for the company, and of course, C&F has contributed to that, as well.  So as you look at all of those factors, while on a net sales basis, it looks like we’re at record sales levels, from a unit sales perspective, the industry in the US and Canada is still at relatively low levels. 
Tony Huegel: Right, and we talked about earlier in the year along that line with -- you mentioned seeding equipment and that’s typically our early order program for that product line. Normally, it’s a three-stage early order program. It actually sold out in the first stage.  Last year, tillage equipment, I think for the first time ever, we actually sold out. We were at capacity on tillage equipment for the year, so these other implements actually have had a very strong year, as well. 
Tony Huegel: Certainly, as we’ve stated in the past, we don’t have any set target that we communicate or anything along that line with the share repurchase, but we do look at our share repurchase program as a value-enhancing use of cash, and so, certainly, as -- when the stock price is at -- below what we would deem fair value for the company, we would certainly respond accordingly.  Okay, thank you. Let’s move to the next caller, please. 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly, Marie mentioned the three or four areas where we’re seeing strength. Today if you look at where housing starts are, while they are improving, from a historic basis, they’re at very low levels, so as a result, you’re not seeing a lot of contribution from the housing market relative to these other areas. But again, we are seeing some signs of life, if you will, in those markets and are certainly hopeful that that will continue to improve as we move forward. 
Tony Huegel: As you may be aware, Vance, we do not provide any more granularity to the price realization, either by division or by geography, but it is safe to say that all geographies and all divisions are contributing to the price and that’s about all we can say.  So, thank you. Let’s move on to the next caller, please. 
Tony Huegel: First of all, I want to clarify, the 5 points was not mix alone. That included mix, R&D and growth, so it’s the combination of those three. Certainly, the mix impact, as we talked about, in the quarter should soften, at least, but certainly the R&D and growth expenses will not. Those will continue on through the year as we look to grow internationally. 
Tony Huegel: Certainly, while we don’t give a numeric outlook for that region, at this point, the sales are certainly very favorable and up strongly this year. Russia, in particular, is up strongly year over year. You are correct; we do sell a significant number of Waterloo tractors into that market as well as large combines from our East Moline, Illinois facility, not to mention some construction equipment, as well, and forestry. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. So far what we talked about was IT4 costs year to date. The IT4 cost was not the front end-loaded portion. What you may be thinking of is the raw material cost, the $400 million. Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets : Okay. 
Tony Huegel: The increase would be large Ag. Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets : Large Ag? Okay. Thank you very much. 
Marie Ziegler: There’s been no change in government posturing or commentary on CAP reform, so it continues to be strong in current year, next year, and then starting in 2014, it is basically frozen at the level of payments, which are supportive of farm income, and it stays there through 2020, so there’s been no change in that. 
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance for the full year is 4 points. We probably had a little bit of a favorable mix, but I wouldn’t read anything into it, I think in terms of the timing of some of the product launches, so really, no story there. 
Marie Ziegler: I think we’ve talked a little bit about the fact that -- and maybe the most significant thing that we haven’t addressed, let me start over, is in terms of our combines. Combines, as you may recall, last year were very front end-loaded. If you go back over on average over time, we have about 35% of our combine sales are shipped in the first half of the year and it’s about 65% in the back half.  Last year we were 50/50. This year it’s more like 25%/75%, so you’ve got a lot of these combines that are coming in the back half of the year for the Ag division. And that has to do, really, with the move to Interim Tier 4 and the way we managed our production to meet market needs and optimize our ability to serve our customers. 
Marie Ziegler: Maybe just to add on, as we look at our international business, that’s still in the Construction & Forestry division, a relatively small piece of the business, but it is up.  But we are seeing strength in several segments in the US or recovery, and that includes independent rental companies, as well as our dealers investing in some rental activity. We have strength in Material Handling and a lot of that is related to Ag activity, strength in Industrial and Energy, so there are some segments in the US that are recovering. Rob Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners: Great. That was really helpful, thank you. Tony, in national, we talked a little about the implements and how you had really nice sales in attachments to in implements. Can you talk structurally about, as the curve has been so strong in tractors and combines, have expensive planters or other implements capped up or have they lagged and farmers --  Has it been one for one? Has it been better than one for one because people put more updated attachments on older machines? Or is it lagging and people bought the power and now they’re buying the rest of the complex? Thanks. 
Marie Ziegler: Larry, a lot of those new products just launched into the market. We have good order intake. We’re very excited about the opportunities and we believe that will translate into good sales activity as we move through time, but again, some of those products are just newly into production. 
Marie Ziegler: I think you’re still dealing with some of the aftermath of Interim Tier 4 product transitions and I would not read anything into it. Again, we’ve increased our outlook for ND inventories. Andy Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. I’ll take the rest of them offline. Thank you. 
Marie Ziegler: It’s very early, but we see many areas of the world where things continue to be very strong, including North America, and so in order to be sure that we can meet customer demand, we are putting some additional product plans in place and that’s reflected in the ending inventory.  It’s premature for us, much as I think we all would like to know what 2013 is going to look like, it’s premature for us to provide definitive guidance at this point, but the trends, the fundamentals, appear very stable in many parts of the world. 
Marie Ziegler: Growth and SG&A we’re saying is up 4 points for the full year, and that’s maybe indicative of the kind of expenses that we’re seeing. There are incrementally a few costs in manufacturing because you’re putting in a little bit of personnel into those places, but that’s really where the bulk of the increment is at this stage of the game.  And in terms of what our future revenue potential is, the only thing that we’ve really publicly stated is that -- is going back to the Waterloo opportunity, and there, we’ve got another 10% capacity well ahead of us, and that’s really the only area that we’ve put anything to numbers. 
Marie Ziegler: I’ll take that. I would say at Waterloo and at Harvester, we’re working very hard to squeak out any incremental production that we can. 
Marie Ziegler: Yes, we can. Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to follow up on Joel’s question, in terms of your growth costs in C&F, could you quantify them, just specifically that piece, and when do these run off? So this is the Brazilian factory, Chinese expansion, that’s what I mean. 
Marie Ziegler: Maybe as we look through the full year, it would be a better way. We know that mix neutralizes, but we’re going to continue to see some growth expenses. We’ve got a little heavier weighting on IT4 product costs, a little bit of raw material coming in in the second half for them, so it continues. We’re not going to provide any more granularity at this point.  Do you have another question, Andrew? I think maybe we lost Andrew. With that, thank you very much. We’ll be around this afternoon to answer your questions. Good day. 
Jim Field: And then in terms of where we are, I would say, with our plans in Europe -- actually, I was just there a couple weeks ago with Sam and reviewing the progress on implementing the dealer of tomorrow, which is an integral component of our long-range plans for Europe and that’s progressing on track. 
Jim Field: And then I would add, Jerry, because we only give pricing in whole percentage increments, 50 basis points one way or another way can vacillate us to 4 or 5, so I think when Marie said there’s not a real story there, there’s -- we continue to expect a strong price realization and a very good acceptance of our product and, of course, our guidance is for, and we’d be delighted if it ends up at, 5, but that’s where we’re at. Thank you. 
Jim Field: Ann, this is Jim. Why don’t I start with the whole corn-on-corn question? Obviously, when you have corn-on-corn, and to the extent that that is a long-term shift in practices, it’s nothing but positive for Deere. It means more activity in the field because you’re either going to have to come through with some tillage instrument to deal with the debris or you’re going to have to put a chopper head on a combine, and therefore, the horsepower requirements for the combines, all other things being equal, would increase somewhat to deal with the increased load from the chopping head.  So that practice of corn-on-corn, which seems to be a growing practice, is something that is positive and nearly in basically every respect to Deere because it means more activity in the field, it means higher hours on tractors, all those sorts of things.  In terms of the increased acreage, I think -- and what’s going on in general, I think just speaks to our long-term belief that the fundamental dynamics of the agricultural equipment businesses are very good and very positive with lots of positive macroeconomic tailwinds. 
Jim Field: Well, the way -- first of all, it’s really important for folks to understand how we establish normal, and that’s a backward-looking calculation, basically an average of the prior seven years, so to the extent that you have a growing market, our measurements as a percent of normals are lagging. They lag and so they don’t reflect that in the normals.  But I would say a couple other things, that you’re right. You predicted quite correctly that Marie’s not going to give you 2013 outlook, but look, we’re bringing on capacity, we’ve got higher SA&G expenses in the second half of the year, we’re building inventory and we’re going to end with higher levels of inventory. I think there’s a reasonable inference that could be drawn as to what we think the prospects are for 2013. I hope that was helpful. Thank you, Ann. 
Jim Field: Hi, Rob. This is Jim. I would tell you in general what we’re seeing across the entire large Ag portfolio. Sprayers, tillage, seeding equipment is reasonably strong, as well, and I can’t tell you if it’s one for one, but all sectors are seeing some pretty significant strength and farmers are investing their healthy cash flows in equipment. 
Jim Field: And I think the other thing, if you just look at an aggregate and you look at where the aggregate industry unit sales are relative to the history, that would suggest that there’s plenty of runway in the construction business in North America. We have had record levels of sales, but if you look at the overall industry, it’s far below what folks would consider to be normal. 
Jim Field: Well, clearly, large Ag in North America, as indicated by our industry outlooks, is where a significant source of the strength is. But going back to your question is the way we like to look at it is receivables and inventory together, and when I look at it on that basis, I see a number that’s slightly higher than the percentage -- a slightly higher percentage than our historical norm for very high sales activity levels, but nothing that we believe is concerning.  The other issue is, if you look back at history, we’ve vastly built out our parts distribution network and put parts distribution facilities in Russia, we’ve expanded the parts distribution facility in Brazil, all of which is aimed at the John Deere Value Proposition, so some of that inventory is also there supporting that initiative. Thank you, David.
Jim Field: The only thing I would add to that, Joel, is that we’re not going to talk about what the incremental growth opportunity is in ’13 or ’14, but we would tell you that these are the expenditures that’s going to enable the revised John Deere strategy, which would ultimately get us to doubling the company by 2018, so thank you. 
Jim Field: And also, I think that would be true in cotton. We’ve struggled to keep up with the demand in spring, as well. Thank you very much. 
