Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Angela. Hello. Also on the call today are Raj Kalathur, our Chief Financial Officer; Max Guinn, President of the Construction and Forestry Division; Ryan Campbell, Vice President and Comptroller; and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets, and our current outlook for fiscal 2018. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company’s plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings & Events.
Josh Jepsen: The only thing I would add there is we saw most significant issues we experienced really in the February time frame and we’ve seen improvements since there as we continue to execute and get product out to dealers and customers.
Josh Jepsen: No. I think, when you look at that we actually, you think about both of our divisions, you saw volume actually improve slightly from the previous guidance.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jerry. I think, when you think about ag and turf, in the second quarter, it was more of an impact of freight. So, as we were trying to make sure we were getting products out to our dealers and customers, we had higher levels of premium freight, expedited freight as we’re working through some of those supply issues. And when you pivot to the back half of the year, you definitely start to see the material come through more so. So, it’s a combination. I’d say second quarter was more freight; the back half of the year, you see more on the material side. As you think about the margins for that business, the second half of the year for ag and turf does have more large ag than we typically would have in a usual year or a typical year. As a result of that, you see better margins and you also see improved pricing as a result of more large ag in the second half. So, that is favorable.
Josh Jepsen: We do expect to see allocated freight, and it’s really as a result of demand and rates moving up. So, we have that in there as well. I said in the back half, you got more weighted to material than freight though. Thanks. We’ll move on to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, when you think about SA&G, really, as we’re incorporating it into our business, you have a little bit of movement amongst those where those costs are classified. So, largely that’s really adjusting and making changes to their forecast as we incorporate them into our process. As you think about the improvement from zero operating profit to about a 100, it’s about two-thirds really the purchase accounting changes and adjustment and about a third related to operational performance. So, there is some improvement in the underlying business, but the majority is adjustment to purchase accounting.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, on the pricing side, as we think about model year 2019, we do have -- we’ll start early order programs here in a few weeks for seasonal products. So, planters, sprayers, those types of things will come out. As we think about pricing, it’s pretty early to talk about in general. In total, we think that’s going to be varied product to product. Given where we’re at in the year, we do, as Raj mentioned, expect the pricing that we are going to take for 2019 to be more than offsetting the inflationary pressures we’re seeing in 2018 and 2019.
Josh Jepsen: I think it’s fair to assume that. What we’ve done the last few years, we’re going to be higher than that, as a result of that.
Josh Jepsen: The only thing I would add there, Rob too is when we look at the backlog, backlog is up double digits strong. And again, that’s off of what was a very strong 2017 as well.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Related to AEM, I think, you’re right. 100 plus is a very large category. So, you are talking utility tractors, midsize tractors and then large row-crop tractors. So, mix there is wide when you think about what portion is high horsepower. I’d say, month-to-month this can be lumpy. We’ve certainly seen weather and timing be adjusted. As we look at this, particularly the rest of the year, we are confident in our ability to execute and believe we are going to see retails -- as we look at our retail order book is very full, really strong position. As Brent mentioned earlier, our large tractor retail order books are out into the October timeframe. So, we feel really good about the order book and the expectation that we are going to see retail maybe slightly shifted in terms of seasonality versus normal but that will continue to come through.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Ann, I think, when we think about used, there we’ve been focused on this for a number of years, if you think about throughout the downturn. We are down; used equipment is down about 36% from the peak. That’s pretty much where we were a quarter ago. So, we have made great, great strides. And you look across the product categories, we feel like we are in good shape. And we're at [ph] used equipment levels, we haven’t seen since 2012 or before. So, there is a lot of great work done by our dealers and our sales teams to manage that inventory. Row-crop tractors, we’d say, we still got a little bit of work to do, but in better shape than we’ve been in the past. I think, as we balance that, it’s continuing to make sure we are managing that used inventory levels that we are not seeing that grow and rise. And as you think about lease returns, lease returns and when you think about the whole universe of used inventory, only equate to about 5% of the total. So, it’s not a huge amount. We are certainly focused on it and want to work it. And we are working with our dealers to make sure they’re engaged in managing those returns. So, that focus hasn’t changed, working proactively with our dealers and customers as we know leases are maturing to work through those. But, I think we feel good about where we’re at. And definitely, as use inventories come down, we are seeing use prices strengthen, stabilize and start to strengthen, which helps there as well.
Josh Jepsen: So, on the operating margin from zero to about a 100, two thirds of that’s really purchase accounting adjustments, as we continue to work through that on the integration side. The other third is really operational improvement. As you think about the full-year, so now we’re talking about 3% to 4% operating margin for the full-year. You would expect to see improvements from what we’ve done now, kind of building in terms of operating profit throughout the rest of the year to go from where we started, obviously negative in the first quarter to be at about 100 at the end of the year.
Josh Jepsen: I think, when you think about turf, the weather, the late spring that we had has impacted that in the quarter. I think, we’ve seen a turn in the weather. So, there is still I think belief that you can catch that up, given the turn in the weather and improvements we are seeing. So, I think there is still confidence that that can be achieved. I think, the commentary in terms of Deere outperforming, no, no change in terms of our expectations on that. So, I wouldn’t read into that.
Josh Jepsen: Yeah. Steve, I think, as we look at the year, I mean, we took up the full year. When you look at kind of organic for the division, we’ve been up 12% for the year a quarter ago and now up 13%. So, our -- I wouldn’t say, there is an embedded conservatism or weakness there. I mean demand is very strong and we’re seeing that in our order book. So, I think as we look at the full year, we feel good about the demand, customer demand, whether it’s in North America, South America or Europe; we’re seeing that demand and feel good about the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, just quick, that warranty is actually favorable. So, quarter-over-quarter, Q2 2018 versus Q2 2017 for C&F, warranty is a favorable item, not negative. Stocks use, that is really a story of what’s going on with the demand and slightly lower production for the year. So, there is no exclusion there in terms of stocks, just the tightness we’re seeing there as demand is strong and you’re projecting a little bit of lower production for the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, on the retail sales, as we mentioned, the month-to-month, there could be movement there. Our view is we’ve -- we feel very confident in our order book and the position of those retail orders. So, feel good about the full year and then what we’d expect to see second half of the year in terms of retail. As you think about South America, basically, we had a little bit of a shift. A quarter ago, we said strength in Argentina and flat to up a little bit in Brazil. We’re seeing that shift now with the drought in Argentina, so a little bit of weakness there, but improved sentiment in Brazil. So, I mean, those were kind of the puts and takes. But to your point, we do feel good about the Brazil demand, the farmer economics are strong from a margin perspective, confidence; FX has the reals weakened, which helps the margin side of the business for those farmers. And then, as it relates to FINANE, we still haven’t had the announcement of what we expect for that program for the second half of this year and the first half of next year, so, the program that will take effect in 1 July. Expectations are that you will see more attractive rates. And as a result, you are seeing customers wanting their deliveries in July and August, but that remains to be seen.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, full-year, maintaining -- I think what we have here is a little bit of timing. And keep in mind there that they own a lot of their distribution. We are trying to forecast, not just sales to dealers but also from a retail perspective. So, I think as we work through that seasonality, it’s taking a little bit of time but no concern on the full year.
Josh Jepsen: I think I’d add there. It’s important, as you think about precision ag, investments that we’ve made, we didn’t pull R&D down significantly during the downturn. So, those are the products that will be coming. And when you think about investments we’re making now, and things like incorporating Blue River and those technologies, machine learning, automation into our product portfolio, that will be coming out in, in the future as well.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe starting on Europe, as we look at historically where we’ve been, we say we’re still below replacement demand levels. So, it’s a market that had -- doesn’t see as wide a fluctuation. So, we didn’t -- haven’t seen high highs or low lows. But we would say when we look at the industry particularly for combines but also for tractors, we’re still below where we consider kind of normal replacement demand.
Josh Jepsen: The thing to point out there too on the C&F side when you look at that business, ex-Wirtgen, we’re running about 30% incremental margin for the year. So, feel good about that.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think your math reasonable. I think, when you think about the fourth quarter, the thing that would not be reflected there is we haven’t started our EOP for the spring seasonal products yet. And those we do know as we think about planters and sprayers, will come in, and you start to build those really in the fourth quarter as you’re building those for the spring seasonal delivery. So, I think that’s a piece that where we don’t have visibility yet. Combines, we do -- large tractors, we do those spring seasonal products, we don’t have that visibility yet. And I think that’s where -- what you see there.
Josh Jepsen: I think that’s fair. Like I said, we’ll obviously -- when we get to the third quarter, we’ll have more visibility into those early order programs. But again, I’d reiterate strong, what we see combines out the year, large tractors into October. So, that remains firm.
Josh Jepsen: Okay. Well, thanks. We are at the top of the hour. So, we will go ahead and end the call. And we’ll be available for call backs the rest of the day. Thank you.
Max Guinn: Thank you, Brent. Good morning, everybody. We’re on slide 13. Let me start off by saying the economic environment for the construction, forestry and road-building industries looks good. It continues to support increased demand for new and used equipment. For the year, U.S. GDP is forecast to grow at 2.7%, that’s above the 20-year average. Meanwhile, housing demand remains solidly with housing starts expected to be 1.3 million units for 2018; that’s a result of inventories of new and existing homes that are available-for-sale being at 36-year lows that provides a foundation for continued growth in new home construction. In 2018, construction investment is forecast to grow 2.9% led by increased activity in oil and gas, and by residential construction. Oil prices, we had forecast to be $63 a barrel for the year; that’s a price that’s comfortably above breakeven economics for U.S. shale oil producers and it supports continued drilling and production growth. Obviously, prices have progressed further and faster than we expected. So, we’re likely going to update that forecast. That’s good news though. In addition, machinery rental utilization rates continue improving and rental pricing is gaining positive traction. These positive economic factors are also reflected in a strong order book and resulting in significant orders that are already being placed for 2019. Let’s move to slide 14 and an update on the newly acquired Wirtgen Group. Wirtgen is the global leader in road construction equipment. The acquisition greatly enhances Deere’s exposure to global transportation infrastructure; that’s a segment we view as faster growing and less cyclical than the broader construction market. Global transportation investment this year is forecast to grow 6%, driving increased demand for road construction equipment such as milling machines, rollers and asphalt pavers. Those are all products in which Wirtgen maintains a market-leading position, globally. Importantly, transportation spending is solid in core regions such as the U.S. and Europe, and continues to see double-digit growth in China and India. Both of those are key growth markets for Wirtgen due to a market-leading position. Turning to company performance. Wirtgen continues to meet our high expectations through its relentless focus on market share and operating excellence. The current order book is very strong, operating margins are expected to exceed 16% when excluding the impact of purchase accounting. Integration is well underway with the joint Deere-Wirtgen team working towards the synergy target of €100 million by 2022. I’m pleased to say that we see a clear path to achieving that level of savings and that timing. And obviously, we’ll continue to seek out other value-enhancing opportunities as integration activities continue. As we learn more about Wirtgen’s business, we’re increasingly finding opportunities to leverage the two distribution channels. Just two examples. In the U.S., Deere’s channel was able to fill a coverage gap for Wirtgen in West Virginia while the opposite was true in the Mexico City territory. We anticipate further opportunities to leverage the two channels as integration progresses. For fiscal year 2018, Wirtgen is forecast to produce $3.2 billion in revenue. Remember, that represents 10 months of ownership. Additionally, we now project that Wirtgen will contribute $100 million in operating profit for the year, even with the unfavorable impact of acquisition costs and purchase accounting. Importantly, Wirtgen is generating strong positive cash flow in the current fiscal year. Beyond 2018, Wirtgen operating margins are estimated to be in the 13% to 14% range and that includes purchase accounting adjustments. So, finally, I want to shed a little light on what things look like for the overall C&F business for the rest of the year we're moving to slide 15. Deere’s construction and forestry sales are now forecast to be up about 83% in 2018 as a result of stronger demand for equipment as well as the acquisition of Wirtgen. As we said earlier, the revenue forecast includes about $3.2 billion of sales attributed to the acquisition. The forecast for global forestry markets is up 10%, as a result of improvement in sales in the U.S. and Canada, and strong demand for cut-to-length products in Europe and Russia. C&F’s full year operating margin is now projected to be about 8.5%. That includes the negative impact of purchase accounting and acquisition cost from Wirtgen. Excluding Wirtgen, C&F projects operating margins to be about 11%. That operating profit guidance is partially driven by pricing actions that we’re taking now and will take effect in the second half of the year. We expect to offset material cost inflation and allow for continued margin growth in future quarters. I’ll turn it back over to Brent.
Max Guinn: There is nothing to be read into that. I don’t believe. We think the initial forecast we provided is solid. It does reflect considerable growth in Wirtgen’s business and they’re executing quite well.
Max Guinn: It just reflects the maturing process. Wirtgen’s processes for forecasting were quite a bit of different than ours. There are a lot of entities involved. And they had not traditionally done a monthly forecast. So, it’s a transition issue. It’s not an issue at all for the full year.
Max Guinn: It’s definitely a shift towards the upper end. And I’d say that both dealers and customers are hungry for equipment. We see some of our largest customers accelerating their purchasing plans for 2019 to make sure that they are prepared to be able to execute work that they have on their books. So, demand is really, really strong and it’s very strong on the big end, if that answers your question.
Max Guinn: Yes, it’s going to take some time, but I can tell you that we are answering questions on a daily basis from geographies -- from Wirtgen customers and geographies where we are not present in C&F about when we are going to be there. And we are excited about those opportunities but we are also realistic. It’s not just a matter of taking orders and shipping equipment, but it’s making sure that we have the support mechanisms in place and can really take care of those customers the way we know they expect to be taken care of. So, there is lots of opportunity in front of us. It’s going to take a little bit of time.
Max Guinn: Okay. We didn’t hear that at the beginning. I guess, I’d start off by saying, this will be the first year in several years when we have not generated a net cost reduction internally based on some really strong focus on cost reduction. So, we’re going to take the pricing actions we feel are appropriate in the second half to be able to keep our margins improving, as I said earlier. I don’t think -- we don’t have any reason to give up share due to price, I don’t believe. I think, we can earn a good share and manage our pricing well.
Raj Kalathur: Hey, Jamie, I think, we will take second one first. We do anticipate strong margins going into the future in ag. None of that has changed. So, the constraints we're facing are more short-term. As we described, it’s purely steel inflation and also logistics inflation. With respect to your question on supply issues, it’s actually improved very nicely. Availability issues are less of a concern now than it was just a couple of months back.
Raj Kalathur: So, our cash use priorities have not changed, they’re the same. One of the things we said earlier is we are taking advantage of 35% tax rate, which will not last after fiscal 2017 tax filing. So, that’s the pension and OPEB. And otherwise, it’s a mid-single A [ph] growth investments, with organic and inorganic dividends and finally share repurchases. That’s the priority order that we have articulated and we work towards. On the dividends, like you said, we are looking at 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. We have seen -- given this strong performance we’ve seen in the recent downturn and considering the growth we anticipate in the future, that’s under consideration, increasing dividends is under consideration. Share repurchases, which is your question, is residual use of cash. And you’ll notice that we did start buying back shares. And generally, we think about longer term minded investors and the value it brings to long-term minded investors. So, you will see us buy back more shares when there is a larger gap between the intrinsic value of a short-term minded investor versus a longer term minded investor. So, we have, of course as you mentioned, ample firepower in terms of the cash generation that we’re going to have this year and going forward do all of our cash justice.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. I will take the first one. In terms of the $1 billion in pension OPEB, yes, it’s clearly opportunistic and taking advantage of that 35% tax rate. We have said our pension plans are well-funded. We do not have any mandatory contribution requirements. And this is -- you can think of this is pulling forward some of our pension contributions into this year and take advantage of 35%. So, from that perspective, you should not see this continue into next year and so on, unless we see another opportunity to take advantage of giving you some high returns. Otherwise, it’s going to be working capital requirements and sales growth. Those are the types of things that will impact the cash flow, as you know.
Raj Kalathur: Jerry, in terms of the pricing, of course, you will appreciate, we’ll not be able to tell you exactly, how much or exactly when. But, I think the points as we provided are as we come with a model year ‘19, we mentioned that around 1 June, we will be taking some of the orders for model year ‘19 and then almost 1 August, we start producing for model year ‘19. Those are the times you will be thinking about price increases, not only for, like you said, some of the value addition that we’ll bring in these products but also looking at the inflationary aspects. So, we do have a healthy model year ‘19 from that regard; it’s going to like the ‘18, ‘19 is going to be there. If you see our R&D investments and innovation we’re adding, you should expect that you can get better. So, our opportunity to get pricing is still going to be pretty positive, and the importance we place in development and research and especially on innovative ideas coming out in the precision ag sector.
Raj Kalathur: And on the pricing in general, we think more longer-term the expected pricing, that’s why we think about the value add and ability there, gain more pricing or earn more pricing from our customers. We don’t think about pricing in a short-term mentality. This also gives us loyalty with customers longer term. So, it’s philosophically how we think about pricing.
