Marie Ziegler: Hello everyone. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Susan Karlix and Justin Marovek. In addition, Tony Huegel joins us today as the newly-appointed Director of Investor Relations. Many of you know Tony based on his previous experience in our department. He has a strong familiarity with the practice of investor relations as well as a deep understanding of Deere. Tony will be in transition between now and the end of January. Tony, Susan and Justin make up a strong investor relations team that, as in the past, will be available to respond to your questions and share information about the Company. And now, Tony.
Marie Ziegler: Okay, well we’ll deal with construction and forestry, then. First of all, as Susan pointed out, this is about 70% of our average or typical volume, so even with that very significant increase, Jamie, that just puts us to the bottom of where we would normally be operating. The other thing I would point out, and this will certainly have an impact on the ag and turf division as well, is that although we have good volume increases, we talked about raw material costs, we talked about R&D and SA&G. We have some other expenses that I’m going to give the number for the Company because I don’t have them split by division, but they are important for the construction and forestry division as well, and that would include IT4 product costs. We have raw material costs, that’s inflation adjustments if you will, but these new IT4 compliant machines cost more money because there’s more hardware on them, and the cost for the Company is about $135 million, we estimate, for next year. And this—actually, we do have a little bit of a split. We think it’s about 100 for the ag and turf, and about 35 for the construction and forestry. We also have some higher overhead expenses due to just the fact that we will be in transition. Susan mentioned that construction and forestry will have a two-week shutdown as they transition to SAP, which has some additional human resources assigned to help facilitate that, and then additionally just the mere transition to IT4, which causes some inefficiencies, if you will, in the factory. And third thing that, again, affects the Company, less so construction but nonetheless something to note, is that absorption is about $100 million hit in 2011.  So when you look at those factors, you can see why we have the kinds of margins that we do. We will continue to work to improve our margins. Obviously you’ve heard us talk about our aspirations, which are a 12% operating margin on average over time, and a peak margin of about 14.5%, and those are still very much in play; but in 2011 we have some unique circumstances. 
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely. Absolutely, and western Europe is still very far below peak and is a bigger market than Brazil. Thanks, Jamie.
Marie Ziegler: Well clearly the lion’s share of that increase is still very much surrounding the implementation of IT4 stage 3B in Europe emission standards, as well as emission standards in other parts of the world. There are some, I would say, more incremental capital that will be spent in places like we described in India, but the bulk really is still IT4-driven.
Marie Ziegler: The timing of the transition on the 8000 series tractor, as you know, begins—production begins January 1. We have not introduced these products but we can tell you that we’ll be introducing or transitioning our 7000 and 9000 series products as we move to the middle of the year. Maybe that will help you a little bit in terms of the timing, and then there are ongoing other products that are going to be introduced, but those are kind of the big ones.  When we took a look and said what is our upside for 2011 as we looked at our capacity, and when we talk about capacity here this year, we’re affected by the fact that as you launch new products, you shut down the line and then you have some transitions and then you ramp up production, so you lose some period of time or some available capacity, if you will, as you’re making these transitions. And for us, this is a normal part of the business. It’s just that there are so many that happen in this compressed period of time. We’ve got a record number of launches that will be coming out certainly in the next year, and a very impressive number the year after.  So anyway, with that as a preamble, as we took a look specifically at Waterloo and at our harvester works, in total we think we’ve got about 10% upside in view of these limitations and balancing emissions credits.
Marie Ziegler: Out of specifically the two biggest ag factories that are being affected as we are transitioning IT4 this year. 
Marie Ziegler: Okay, for 2011, Meredith, that is $100 million of additional overhead that we expect to incur. In the fourth quarter itself, actually—
Marie Ziegler: No, there’s a little bit of impact in construction and forestry, but the bulk of it – the vast majority of it – is for ag and the reason is, of course, is that ag has the greater number of new product introductions. So 100 million there; and then in the fourth quarter, we actually think we ended up around 20 million. We were more efficient than we had initially, I guess, feared, and that efficiency is reflected in this 100 million guidance that we’re giving into next year. Thank you, Meredith.
Marie Ziegler: Well, certainly we have some internal share objectives that I would not choose to publicize, but there is no question that we are doing a much better job of covering a broader product offering. And you see from the slide, it’s just not only tractors; it’s combines and a whole host of products. I might also point out when you look at the industry guidance that we provide, (inaudible), as you know, provides industry information on tractors and combines. When we look at our own sales, our sales are made up of certainly tractors and combines but they include a lot of other products including sugar cane harvesting equipment, we’ve got cotton harvesting equipment, planters, just a variety of things. So when we give you industry guidance, we can only give you industry guidance on tractors and combines, and I think there are some tillers or something that are included in there. But there are other products that are sold in the market, and so as you think about the outlook, remember we will benefit from the very strong sugar cane markets and cotton markets as well.
Marie Ziegler: I think signs of life would be—the description that I’ve heard applied there is they are starting to see limited pockets of some financing activities, but there is no question that financing availability is still an enormous issue in that region of the world.
Marie Ziegler: We have price guidance for the full Company of 2 points. Certainly ag and turf is a strong participant in that guidance.
Marie Ziegler: It would be incorrect. Both divisions are looking for some positive price realization, and David, that’s as much as we can comment on that.
Marie Ziegler: That’s a very good question, and do recall that when you take a price increase, that includes feature creep. When we give you our price realization, we are stripping out anything that would involve higher horsepowers, new features, the IT4 compliant piece – that is considered a feature and is put into volume. So when we give you our price numbers, we are looking strictly at trying to do an apples-to-apples, as best we can, comparison.
Marie Ziegler: And that does reflect, as Susan talked about, the fact in large ag you are in a period of transition with some production limitations and some emissions credits management.
Marie Ziegler: It really has to do more with the work in process that we have in the factory in the fourth quarter of this year compared to what we think we will have and require in the fourth quarter of next year. That is not at all a prognostication on what the 2012 markets look like whatsoever. It really reflects the fact that this year, as we’re getting ready for this very significant emissions change, we are in very high production levels on Tier 3 machines in the fourth quarter of this year, as well as November and December. We do not expect to repeat that kind of production level. As you’re aware, typically it’s pretty quiet October, November and December here, relatively speaking, because we’re out of the use season. So what you’re really seeing in that number in ag and turf is the fact that you don’t have a lot of work in process at a time of the year when we are typically seasonally weak.
Marie Ziegler: Bob, let me start with the R&D. We have a significant launch in 2011. Some of the R&D is still for products that will be launched in 2011, certainly. There is a very large wave, again, coming in 2012 so that’s affecting the number. And then thirdly, we are doing—we are hot and heavy into Final Tier 4 design work. Final Tier 4 starts in 2014, and if you are one of our design engineers, that is tomorrow. So there is a lot of work being done there. On the margin, we have some incremental investments in some new product delivery, and the example would be like the large number of new products that we just introduced in Brazil. We are continuing to develop product for customers in many markets.  Now going back to your IT4 cost question and price, we over time expect that we will fully recover our IT4 costs. But it doesn’t happen all on day one, and so it is fair to say that in 2011 there will be some impact in our margins just on a product cost basis, and it involves mix and timing and a whole variety of things. But over time, we will recover that.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you very much.Andrew Casey – Wells Fargo Securities: On the cash priority slide, can you help us understand how to define the term excess when you’re talking about excess cash from an external viewpoint, because kind of based on your cash flow outlook plus the current cash on the balance sheet for the equipment side, it would be 5 billion-plus at the end of ’11.
Marie Ziegler: Depending on what we might do with repurchase and things like that, and then we’ve got a pretty significant amount of capital expenditures ahead of us, as you are aware, etc. We need some amount of liquidity to run the business and we’ve also talked about the requirement of the rating agencies to have—and frankly, it’s just good business to have a certain amount of our debt prefunded. We deliberately included the chart on the debt maturities which is—I’m looking for it, it’s Slide No. 33, so that you would be aware of the fact that we have some pretty significant maturities coming particularly in 2012, and so as you think about our year-end cash, we’re going to have some portion of that cash on hand to cover what is a very significant maturity. Go ahead, Jim.
Marie Ziegler: Oh, I think market share you want to look at over a long period of time. I’m—we had some new products that had been launched earlier in the year coming into it, but I think you want to look at it over a long view. I can’t promise that we’ll repeat exactly what we did in October; but we’re very encouraged by the market’s reception of the products and the fact that we will have full availability as we move through 2011.
Marie Ziegler: I think it’s very fair to say that our R&D spend will stay at very high levels. I think certainly there could be some increase as you move forward. We don’t have our crystal ball into what we’ll be spending in ’12 and ’13 and ’14 now, but I certainly wouldn’t look for that number to abate in the near future. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, I think maybe the most significant item here is that on the 8Rs now, we indicated that we had 2,500 retail orders, which is a lot, for our machines that will be produced after the first of the year. So these are machines that are IT4 compliant. They do carry a price tag but they also have telematics and they have some additional features that we are having very good reception from the market, and their fuel economy is basically neutral with the Tier 3 so people are very pleased with what they’re hearing about our new products. And I think maybe that’s the most significant point away from that. In terms of availability date for 8000s, we’re talking May; and for 9000s we’re talking March.
Marie Ziegler: Yeah, mid-year; so you’re looking April, May time frame. And it would be included in that overhead that we were looking at of about $100 million, but again the bulk of it is ag, so I don’t know, maybe—I’m guessing 10 to 15 million here is construction.
Marie Ziegler: No. We don’t contemplate anything at all for wind. I think one of the things that I just would remind you is in the second quarter of—I think it was the second quarter this year, we had some mark to market gains that we don’t—and of course it’s very hard to predict when that happens, and that was about $20 million after tax, and so we don’t expect that that will be repeated in 2011. And they also have a little bit of higher overhead, SA&G as they are working to support our international growth.
Marie Ziegler: Okay, let me summarize those again, then. Raw materials costs are up 250 million, mix is about a point of margin in A&T, and this is not a bad thing at all because it means our small tractor business is starting to recover recently in Europe, for example. But that’s about—1% is about in round numbers 150 million. R&D, our guidance would tell you we’re up about 150 million. SA&G, our guidance tells you there you’re up about 140. Then we have the three items that I had alluded to earlier, which is the product cost of IT4, which is 135, overhead 100, and absorption 100. And that’s where it goes.
Marie Ziegler: The overhead. That was the factory inefficiencies associated with the cost of product line transition and capital expenditures, etc. related to that.
Marie Ziegler: We’ve covered some of that with credit facilities as well, so we are not necessarily going to have 12 months worth of cash on the sheet. On the other hand, again, we point to the very significant maturities that are ahead of us in 2012, and bear in mind that’s a lot of debt—
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Hi, good morning. Could I get a clarification first – you said you’re going to shut down the construction for two weeks. When is that going to occur, and is there an implied cost of it? I mean, you told us it’s going to happen, you just didn’t tell us when.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: And as a follow-up, I guess we’re all still struggling with this guidance because if you strip out the healthcare charge, you still earned somewhere between 465, closer to 468 I guess if you take out the wind charge also. And the implied guidance of less than $5 just sort of doesn’t fly with—even with 100 million going on, there’s got to be something else that we’re missing in cost or impact.
Eli Lustgarten – Longbow Securities: Yeah, the 2% pricing pretty much offsets most of that cost, so that’s the hard thing we’re getting with a double digit sales gain. Incremental margins would just look awful if something—I mean, something doesn’t hold unless it’s very conservative guidance. 
