Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for the remainder of 2012. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that the slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now here's Susan. 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, keep in mind, the inefficiencies in the quarter that we talked about with Interim Tier -- again, going back to Interim Tier 4 transition, certainly our combines we're transitioning as well as large tractors, our 9000 Series tractors, we're transitioning during that first quarter. So that's part of what's driving some of those inefficiencies. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. On the first question, Interim Tier 4 costs, as we look -- you're right. We did bump that up a little bit to about $500 million for the year. And as you look at the 4 points of price realization, what we've said is that will more than cover the Interim Tier 4 as well as the material price increases that we're anticipating for the year. 
Tony Huegel: Well, certainly in Europe from a normal or mid-cycle, while we're continuing to look at kind of a flat to up 5%, we would still be below mid-cycle levels within the company in Europe. 
Tony Huegel: Right. And Marie mentioned the distribution network. And in addition to the product, certainly we've talked a lot about continuing to strengthen our distribution network in Brazil. We would say our distribution actually is very strong. And I think you've seen that reflected in the market share gains. As we brought that new product, we've seen those market share gains. And that's reflective of both sides of that equation, and we'll continue to work on those same concepts in Europe as we move forward. 
Tony Huegel: No, I think you'll see -- I mean, again, our seasonal shipping in ag and turf is returning to a much more traditional pattern this year versus what we would have seen last year. 
Tony Huegel: Yes, most of that is going to be 2013 event when we look outside of the U.S. and Canada. Of course, we have talked about the factory in India is producing. But it's on relatively low levels at this point, but -- and will ramp up as we go through the year. But again, most of that is a 2013 event. 
Tony Huegel: And with that, keep in mind, and what Jim was talking to, is our order book. And as we mentioned earlier in the call, of course, with the new products and our drive there in Europe for market share, I think that's just reflecting some of those expectations in terms of our performance versus the overall market. 
Tony Huegel: And keep in mind, as compared to last year, in the first and second quarter, we had some increased production as we were moving to the SAP conversion that was right at the end of our second quarter. And so it's really as much a 2011 shift in production as 2012. 
Tony Huegel: Sure. And actually, one thing I would cite is if you look at -- there was a University of Illinois study that was done last fall that kind of looked at expected crop price, our input costs and so on, and it was -- they looked at a 1,200-acre farm and the metric they used is in terms of not so much breakeven but making decent money. So at $50,000 net farm income, corn -- the pricing they had on corn was about $3.70 and soybeans would be about $8.50. And that's very consistent with what we would get from Informa Economics, who is our outside consultant. They would say corn in the $3.50 to $3.70 range, farmers still make good money. And soybeans in the $7.50 to $8 range. 
Tony Huegel: Well, I think, for starters, it certainly -- as we talked about with -- the combines were lower in the quarter, but we did have some strength last year. Our large tractor, the 8000 Series tractor, was lower than normal as we went through conversion in January of last year. And there are other products that have very strong margins as well that we're seeing some strength in this year. 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, I think I'd start -- first of all, as part of that global expansion, we also -- and then our aspirations, we talk about an aspiration of growing our operating margins from roughly 10% at mid-cycle to 12%. So I think that's reflective of our expectation that mix aside, that we'll continue to improve our operating margins as we move forward. And again, as you look at mix, I think you can also look at, yes, we have growth in some regions where you might be more heavily weighted towards smaller ag. But we also have some good growth opportunities in places like Russia and the CIS, which will have certainly a significant large ag mix, not to mention South America and our growth opportunities there. 
Tony Huegel: Right. Well, primarily -- our Asia guidance is primarily being driven by India and China. And so -- and we talked about on the opening comments that India in the tractor industry this coming year, we're looking at about relatively flat tractor industry after 2 very strong growth years and still at very, very high levels. And then certainly, China continues to see some nice growth. In both cases, government is very supportive of the growth of agriculture. So with that, we thank you for call. 
James Field: Well, Andrew, this is Jim. I think one of the key pieces in that whole equation is this $80 million, or in round numbers, about $100 million of headwinds that we're facing on the currency side from a translation perspective. If you -- I think if you look at the increase in physical volume that we've added, after you strip out the FX and you put normalized incremental margin assumptions on that and consider the other headwinds we've talked about and then consider also this, in round numbers, $100 million of translation headwind, it gets -- it seems to be a pretty reasonable outcome where we ended up. 
James Field: This is Jim again, Andrew. Absolutely it can, and the expectations is that it would. And as you've rightfully pointed out, when you look at the last construction cycle, construction recorded the highest operating margin of any of our divisions. And they would be shooting for operating margins that are very consistent with that going forward. 
James Field: This is Jim. I think relative to the combine issue, which was yesterday's headline, I think, though, the important thing is that we've reached closure on this issue. We've got the channel where we think it needs to be in terms of used goods, and I think it also shows the type of actions that we will take as a company to make sure that this is a long-term sustainable business. So I think that's the important thing as you look at the combines situation. 
James Field: And I think as you look at Europe, I mean, an important point there is, as was said by Tony, we are below mid-cycle. We have seen some strength in that market. As a matter of fact, if you look at tractors, the order book is up 12%; combines, 25%; self-propelled forage harvesters, 17%. And that's all happening in a market where there's still, in our view, a significant amount of headroom vis-à-vis mid-cycle. 
James Field: So a great example of that, Rob, is if you looked at the Harvester Works. Last year, the schedule was very heavy in the first quarter, which would have drawn down a lot of that inventory. This year, we're facing a schedule that's accelerating as you went into the quarter, which means you're building the inventories. And so obviously, when you look at the end point, you get a different equation. But I would definitely underscore what Marie is saying. As a matter of fact, we're not having any production difficulties. And as a matter of fact, we're very, very proud of what we've been able to accomplish with this major number of new products coming off the line and the efficiency levels of which we completed them with. 
James Field: From a production standpoint. No, obviously, we're incurring costs related to that geographic expansion, which are in fact being reflected in the '12 numbers, and as I would say, vis-à-vis steady state has suppressed them somewhat. 
James Field: Well, we, of course, aren't going to get into giving a whole lot of guidance. And as it relates to '13, clearly, we have some of the iT4 cost behind us as you look out at '13. But on the other hand, we'll have still the development cost going forward. But our expectation, of course, would be as you bring these factories online, you're going to start generating revenues to cover some of these expenses. And of course, there are some expenses that are initial start-up expenses that do go away. But the aggregate picture of how that all fits together, I mean, I have to be perfectly honest with you. We don't have a good view of that today that we're willing to share. 
James Field: No, no, not at all. As a matter of fact, if you look around in the world, I mean, basically we've got all the markets accelerating, sans South America. And so -- and Europe is the same way. 
James Field: Yes. Well, the first thing, of course, it's 16% on a seasonally weak quarter for our European operations. And the other issue is we had some production shift that's reflected in the overall tonnage that we moved into the second quarter that's affecting some of that as well. But beyond that, Marie... 
James Field: It was just that as we got into the schedule for the European operations, there were some units that were moved from late in the quarter to the following month. 
James Field: Well, we're excited about several different aspects of it. What we've said is near-term, one of our largest growth opportunities would be kind of Europe, from an SVA perspective. South America, we believe, has plenty of headroom. And we're seeing really pretty good activity starting to be restored in the CIS regions today. And the CIS is all about large ag for us, just in many respects very, very similar to the Upper Midwest. And generally, it's margins that are very, very consistent with the types of margins that we see in the large ag space in North America, so -- and then, we've, of course, announced these factories in Asia. These are large unit volume markets. I think you're looking at something north of 500,000 industry volume in India this year, but of course, a much, much lower ticket per unit. So there's 6 geographies we're focused on around the world, and each of them holds some very interesting and promising opportunities for us. 
James Field: Well, right now, the way we see it is that, that would be a heavier headwind in the first half of the year than in the second half of the year. So yes, it does trend down in the second half of the year. 
James Field: I would -- it's not our practice really to get into talking too much about what's going on with the competition. But I would tell you that we had positive price realization in South America last year. We're forecasting positive price realization in South America this year. And so -- and we had it in the first quarter. So obviously, there's a lot of competitive dynamics around the globe. But for us, it's about getting market share and getting it in a sustainable way. And if it's through price, it's not sustainable. So I think the fact that we've gotten this price realization is good evidence that we're doing it the John Deere way and the right way and the sustainable way. 
James Field: But I think if you think about this from a macro perspective, David, I think you are thinking about it more right than wrong. What we've got here is a situation where we're investing a lot around the globe for the future growth of this company. We have these headwinds caused by regulatory requirements. And despite all of that, we're putting up first quarter operating margins on an absolute basis, forget about the incrementals, that are about as good as we've ever had. And so I think we are accomplishing what we wanted to accomplish, which was invest in the growth, invest in what we need to do to bring out a superb iT4 product and maintain very healthy levels of margins. And we've done that, so... 
Marie Ziegler: This is Marie, Andy. As you think about construction, they will have a phase-in of the iT4-compliant machines over the course of the year. And so you will see the cost of product transitions and the product cost reflected in their cost as we move through 2012. And that's the difference. 
Marie Ziegler: In terms of the tonnage change, that's merely just shifts in a variety of products, a little bit less than the first quarter and a little bit more as you move through the year. And that's pretty typical for us. The tonnage numbers, as many of you are aware, are not terribly precise. 
Marie Ziegler: We are in production yet on a lot of the construction equipment. That has a phase-in over the course of the year, Jamie. So you're not seeing some of the Tier 4 product cost yet in the first quarter at the same level that you will in subsequent quarters, just simply because we're launching products over the course of the year. 
Marie Ziegler: Jamie, we don't have specific fourth quarter public guidance, but it is true that we added combines. And I think you could say that some of those combines certainly would have been added in the latter half of the year. 
Marie Ziegler: And in South America, as we look to South America, we see a very exciting opportunity as that market continues to grow and as we -- and as Deere individually continues to broaden its market coverage with product and with distribution. 
Marie Ziegler: He's asking about market share. We could not hear you, Henry, but I believe your question was what steps have we taken to improve market share in both those regions. Is that... 
Marie Ziegler: When we -- when you were in Lisbon in the summer, you saw the over 100 new products that have been introduced in Europe to broaden the market coverage in that market. We're continuing to add and strengthen our dealer capabilities. We've added parts capabilities throughout really Europe and far into the CIS. And really, the same is true in Brazil and South America, where we continue to add, again, additional dealer locations. And we've had a very significant broadening of the product line, and that's already been reflected if you look at market shares. 
Marie Ziegler: There is absolutely no production hiccups with Interim Tier 4. It has gone very smoothly. But that said, year-over-year, Rob, we have a very different look in the first -- where we ended the first quarter in terms of our production. So it is somewhat difficult to make a comparison because last year, you were in very high production. In the first 2 months of the quarter this year, relatively low levels of production because of the significant turnover that we had in our production on combines and on large tractors. 
Marie Ziegler: The forestry business, which is 20% to 25% of the business, as we have said, has been stronger and is taking a little bit of a pot. But the construction business, which the bulk of it is still in the U.S., that's been very weak. It's been recovering from an extremely low level, but they are nowhere near mid-cycle. 
Marie Ziegler: Rob, at this point, the only weather impact that we have put in the forecast is the shift down in some cotton acreage, and a little bit of increase in corn as a result because of the drought situation that we have talked about in Texas. But at this time of the year, our practice has been to go with the trend yield because there's a lot of variables yet in the weather that can affect that. So you're really looking at what we would consider to be trend yields. 
Marie Ziegler: There would be a little bit of impact probably from combines out of South America. I think that's well documented. But if you look at the full year forecast for outside U.S. and Canada, it's actually up a little bit. 
Marie Ziegler: Again, that reflects iT4 conversions. And remember, you have to shut the line down, then you convert, and then you restart. So you've got some ramp-up through there. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, our cash flow that we expect to generate from operations is about $3.5 billion. We've talked about the fact that we do have some large debt maturities. That's in one of the schedules in the appendix. Our cash management, we will be positioning ourselves with some amount of cash to make sure that we have a fairly smooth transition as we have to repay those. We've got a very large maturity in the second, and then another one in the third quarter. And quite candidly, we have been doing some pre-funding. You see that reflected in our cash balances, so -- but I mean, we expect to manage very comfortably through it. And I have already demonstrated, by virtue of the amount of cash that we have on, that we will have a smooth transition. 
Marie Ziegler: And maybe I'll just summarize quickly. Thank you for joining us today as we talked about an excellent first quarter, excellent prospects for the remainder of the year. And certainly, we've had the opportunity to talk about some of the things we're doing to position ourselves to take advantage of the very exciting tailwinds we have globally. Susan, Tony, I and Christian [ph] will be available for your questions as we move through the day. Thank you. 
