Ryan Campbell: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to discuss our use of cash priorities and then provide some perspective on our financial performance, given the persistent uncertainty in the market. Like near-term fluctuations in end markets, our use of cash priorities remained the same. We continue to generate strong cash flow throughout the cycle. Importantly, our capital allocation decisions continue to first support our A rating, while also ensuring that we effectively fund operating and growth needs. Next, we will maintain a dividend payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings and can be sustained through the cycle. Note that we've increased our dividend by 25% over the last two years and that further increases will be under consideration as we demonstrate progress to our increased profitability goals. Lastly, during the quarter, we repurchased $400 million of stock and we will continue to buy when we can create value for long-term shareholders. Now regarding our financial performance, I want to note that we've significantly invested in next generation large ag products and accelerated our precision ag initiatives. Although while diversifying our construction and forestry division through the Wirtgen acquisition. Additionally, we increased our infrastructure spending to gain efficiencies and modernize systems and enhance our dealer and customer engagement. Beginning in 2017, momentum has built in our ag business in the initial part of our 2019 early order program, which occurred in the summer of 2018 indicated an acceleration of replacements demand. As such, we took the steps required to meet the projected incremental demand. Unfortunately, North American customer sentiment has since deteriorated only due to uncertainty over market access, but also due to weather and the demand impact of African swine fever as these challenges persist, we are now beginning more aggressive action on our cost structure to create a more efficient and nimble organization. These actions which will involve organizational efficiency, a footprint assessment, and an increased focus on investments with the most opportunity for differentiation are in support of our aspiration to achieve 15% structural operating profits by 2022. And will position us to capitalize upon the resumption of replacement demand growth.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob. This is Ryan. We've made significant investments in the building blocks to be able to deliver incremental value to our customers through the use of technology and precision agriculture, and we will continue to do that. What I would say, we're early -- we're delivering measurable value today, but the opportunity, the more we work on it, the opportunity in our minds continues to grow. So we'll continue to have that be a priority for us. Now, at the same time, we're going to look at our global customers and work to find more efficient ways to deliver our products and services, so that we can satisfy their needs as well.
Ryan Campbell: And this is Ryan, you're thinking about the guide down by $100 million. There's some volume in there in both divisions. There's also a little bit of incremental discount spend particularly as it relates to the Canada market. But what I would say about that is overall we're still expecting 3% price realizations, so those are really some of the moving pieces that took us from 3.3 to 3.2.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, so I think I mean if you think about used values in particular for large Ag as we are seeing them be pretty stable and I think maybe importantly good condition late model year are actually fetching a premium and there continues to be a demand for technology, whether it's new as we mentioned on the EOPs we are seeing strong adoption. And I think what we're seeing and we're hearing this directly from customers is technology impact is most important as you're going through challenging conditions. So the willingness to invest in technology certainly is there and we're seeing the benefits as we deal with shorter windows execute jobs in the field and that's presence, I say both on new and used. So I think that there's not a lot of differentiation there between those two.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, this is a great question, Joe. I mean I think as Brent mentioned EOP started in June. Historically when we started in June just because the planting season is over, so with that backdrop planting occurring well into June, where we think the first date may not be good as an indicator of what we expect in the year to come happy with the past because of the level of uncertainty there. Sprayers really markets as Brent mentioned Canada down more significantly and that's impactful because of the high level of technology as well as machines you see in Canada that are typically ordered there, so that has been impactful, U.S. maybe one dynamic that's a little bit different for the U.S. even though we're down double-digits but you're a little bit better, Ag service providers you will make up nearly a third of the industry and they've been delayed perceptions obviously not doing really any spraying or much spraying at all in May and then limited amounts in June. So anecdotally I think the conversations there said they've deferred and then delayed some of their CapEx decisions until we get a little bit deeper into the season. So I think that's been -- that's kind of played out over time. So we'll continue to see what very few looks like for those programs, but I think the positive news is customer's willingness to invest in technology where they can see value in positive outcomes. And in addition to that, you look at what we saw on exact emerge growth in our take rates there, similar on exact supply. So continued progress, as it relates to combines still really early. We're two weeks in, so we'll continue to monitor that and provide some insight as we get to the fourth quarter. That program kicked-off in the first part of this month and runs through January. So we'll see how that that evolves as we go forward.
Ryan Campbell: If you think of ag and turf in particular, I would say the two things that are really impact where we're ending and seeing what changed from our previous guide. I mean one is some weakness that we've seen in Canada that that's represented there and a little bit higher inventory receivables. And then the other piece would be Brazil. And as we look forward to the first quarter in that market and the expectations there given some of the factors Luke mentioned in terms of strong margins, really strong crops that we expect translates to see some positive end market changes there.
Ryan Campbell: As it relates to price, you're right in your commentary that that is like for like and does not include features or things that would be he added on. So that's fair. So those kind of things would show up in mix and not in our price realization. So that's correct. Yes, if you think about price, I think you're kind of how and why are we able to get it. I think it's really been able to deliver value to the customers and understanding the economic inputs and outcomes that we're able to deliver and I think we had a number of customers talked about it, the ability with exact converts for example to plant 3000 acres in three days and the only three days of good weather they had. That's a really big advantage to be able to have that and execute that and that's a difference can be the difference being getting a crop at all versus not. As you think about going forward, we've averaged over the last decade on our quick operations about two and a half points of price and as we look forward, I think we've been higher this year in the net average probably get closer to that average as we step forward.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, this is Ryan. So, on the cost side, we're not ready to provide that level of detail. What I would say is we've taken targeted actions already in the third quarter, we've got some contemplated in the fourth quarter, the total of those are relatively small at this point, they would total about $25 million in cost. We're prepared to provide an update with our fourth quarter earnings call as we give our 2020 outlook on what those might mean to 2020 and going forward. What I'd just say it's an acknowledgement that cost reduction is going to be just a larger component of our path from today's margins to the 15% aspirational margins that we haven't missed cycle in 2022.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, on the cost reduction side, the plans are really focused on longer-term structural changes in our cost structure as opposed to lever pulling given where we are in the cycle but more to come in fourth quarter earnings call for that.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, on the EOP side we saw that move from kind of that a third of planters going with ExactEmerge up to around 40% and that's just the exact numbers but we're also seeing just larger planters, so I think about with bigger planters and more highly featured both of those things are contributing to that that value being up as Brent noted. 
Ryan Campbell: And I think, Larry, what do you think about kind of the MFP impact? Certainly very, I mean, farmer-to-farmer, you get very different situations in terms of the size and health of their crops, whether or not they market a grain in May, June, as prices ran out. So there's a lot of dynamics, I think that'll impact, if and when they use some of that from a cash receipt perspective.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, David. It's Ryan. I think mix is a component of that. The other aspect of that is construction as a different material, commodity footprint. And so overall benefits that we're projecting to see in that -- in the fourth quarter on material costs, part of that is positive in ag, construction is still not yet seeing that benefit. The other thing is pricing -- our pricing comparison gets a little bit tougher. There are some actions that we took in the fourth quarter of last year that improved our pricing. So the compare -- the comparison gets a little bit tougher in the fourth quarter for construction, those are really the puts and takes associated with the margin performance that we're projecting for the fourth quarter in construction.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Jerry. So we're not ready to breakout those buckets. Although, it’s is all three that we're going to focus on and fourth quarter will provide an update on where we are, what it means to 2020 and kind of our view towards margin improvement all the way up to 2022 to hit our aspirational targets.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Rob. This is Josh, I'll start. I think as we think about this, and as Ryan noted, it was the continued focus on those things that we think drive the most differentiation and most value creation for our customers, and you've really seen -- so that over the last few years as we've been investing in things like Blue River technology and features that we've been bringing out over the last couple of years, on the precision side, whether it's ExactEmerge or ExactApply, which Brent mentioned earlier, or things like Combine Advisor. So I think the ability to focus and prioritize their will be a key kind of how we operate going forward.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, maybe just to kind of clear out, I think, that was probably not as clear as it as it could have been. As we think about -- the back half of the year, that comment was back-half of the year versus back-half of 2018. So, continue to expect that we will produce less than we did in 2018 similar to what we commented a quarter ago. I think importantly, maybe for a little more clarity is as we think about large tractors, we will underproduce retail demand for large tractors in the North America by a mid single-digit. So, no significant change to where we were a quarter ago, but that continues to be our expectation. All right. Thank you, Seth. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: So, from a supply-based perspective we've definitely seen the challenges, the disruptions, delinquencies have come down significantly, we're in better and better shape there. So, operating more and more effectively and efficiently, I think you've seen as it relates to your premium freight. We talked about some acute issues we have seen on small tractors. As we have noted, we expect those to carry into the third quarter, which they did but they've abated and we don't -- do not expect to see those as we go forward. By and large the situation much improved. As you think about cost savings moving forward, I think the opportunities there are, as we move from getting parts in, which was a significant challenge as we ramped in '18 and certainly '19, really shift to how can we spend more time on structural material cost reduction, which we typically have over time. Thanks, Jerry. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think the inventory overall, I think it's really a question. If you think about large ag in North America, we talked about I just mentioned, the mid single-digit underproduction for large tractors. I think what we expect is particularly in the U.S., what were the actions were taken will -- would allow us to produce to retail demand. Canada as noticed, there's a little more weakness there. So that's a spot that we need to work through further. So that would maybe a bit -- take a bit longer, but in the U.S., we would say we're positioned to do so, as if you think about where we're at from a field inventory perspective in construction. As Brent mentioned, we still got on average, a couple months of order coverage, which is really aligned with where we traditionally run. So those replenishment times have had shorten. And that's -- we say that's a positive thing, which also helps in our ability to react to changing market dynamics. So we still intend to build field inventory during the year, as we've talked about coming off of historical loads. But that's the ability to be quicker on our replenishment allows us to be adjusting more quickly and as needed. So we'll continue to watch that market and make changes while we go forward. So, thank you. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so maybe I'll start with the fundamental part of the question with regard to planted acreage and yield. And obviously, what the USDA released on Monday, surprised the market, particularly on the corn, I'd say more harvested areas than planted, and certainly the yield. So the limit down moving in corn price has caught a lot of people by surprise. So that's kind of what we have at the moment to work with, I guess what we would say is that, there's still a long way to go in this growing season. Obviously, we've had a lot of abnormal weather. With the delay planning, there is a lot of variability in crop progress from the western side of the corn belt, where it's looking a lot better across to the eastern side, where there's a lot more variability. Obviously, the light of planning, development opens up windows for early crops and those sorts of things. So -- and certainly history shows us that final yield numbers can vary relatively significantly from these August estimates, so the methodology that the USDA uses changes as we go through the crop season. And as we get into harvest and get some actual harvest data, we might see that changing as we go forward. So we'll be obviously watching that closely. And that'll be important in terms of what it means to final production. And that's crucial ending stocks number.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so I think, Ryan kind of laid out kind of the three areas in terms of kind of organizational efficiency. I think the second one is you think about footprint. I think there, we are single source for a lot of our products on a global basis. So we feel good about our capacity, so we start to look at how do we make sure we're focused and prioritize on those things that add most value for our customers and then those are going to be the two most important areas.
Josh Jepsen: So thank you, Jerry. Thanks, everyone. We appreciate it. We will be around, so please reach out, if you got questions. And have a good weekend. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes, so we think about Ag in the fourth quarter, really the biggest, biggest impact there is in South America and Brazil in particular as we see some growth in that market particularly as we start to prepare for 1Q of spring season in Brazil and in 1Q. There is a little bit of a small tractor as well just from a year-over-year perspective where last year we were trying to build inventory and we had a stronger 3Q and a little bit weaker 4Q in 2019 is a little bit flatter, so those two areas and then there is a little bit of impact as you think about cash receipts improving and some MFP payments that we talked about where we could see some incremental demand, we don't think that's large but could be beneficial. On the C&F side, it's I would say it is more, we got the building inventory that we expected to see and plan for throughout the year that that drives the up from a fourth quarter perspective there.
Brent Norwood: Yes, thanks Andy. Yes, you're right. I mean if you look at our ag and turf division for the year, the combination of FX and mix are a little more than a 1.5 of margin drag in 2019. So that is a significant component there. And then as we've talked about quite a bit of the material in the premium freight has been, has been a drag as well on margins. I think as we look forward and as we've talked about in the past in the fourth quarter, we expect material to improve and be favorable. Similarly in response to Gary's question we don't expect to see that the high level of premium freight that we have for the first three months of the year. Those are all things that that we would expect to see improvement. And then add to Ryan's comments as we move forward, we're continuing to look to take actions to deliver improved margins. So cost reduction is going to be a component of that not only in 2020 but as we go forward through 2022. The other things remain the same that we are accelerating and feel really good about is adoption of precision ag and what we can do from a differentiated value perspective for our customers. Our ability to grow our aftermarket parts and services business and the successful integration of Wirtgen all of those things are the recipe to get us from where we are today to the aspirational target to that 15% in 2022.
Brent Norwood: So the mostly covered was in reference actually to construction forestry where we've got about two months on average there in the construction book. As you think about large tractors, that's where we're well into November. And if you look at both 8,000 or 9,000 Series tractors. So we've got further coverage there again albeit on a lower schedule but we've got, I think pretty similar visibility to what we did a quarter ago.
Brent Norwood: Yes, what I would say I mean as we think about the total value of our production system with respect to the equipment and technology and the service and support that our dealer network can provide as we feel comfortable that there's some significant incremental value that we can continually add for our customers. And so that's how we think about pricing. Now as Josh said, when something new comes out it doesn't come into pricing but updates or year-over-year comparisons to things that have already been out. That does come into pricing but that overall total value that we can bring with the products, the technology and the service and support that our dealers can provide give us comfort that that our pricing is well within bounds and Josh indicated it is within our historical ranges.
Brent Norwood: And maybe just follow-on relative to contractor, I think broadly I think we feel comfortable with where we're at from an inventory level and we're pretty much aligned in line with where the industry is and we'll continue to be strong end market demand there really driven by general economic conditions in the U.S. in particular. So thank you.
Brent Norwood: Thanks Mig, I will start on Burkett. Yes, so I mean if you think about Burkett overall, really strong third quarter which we expect that we talked about that. So essentially about 60% margins in if you kind of take out purchase accounting last year, that's actually similar margins on a slightly lower sales level. So we feel good about the way that business is performed. Margins did come in some for the full-year really driven by changes in mix, in their business as you have seen some shifts as well as under production on a couple of their brands as we align order fulfillment strategies as part of our integration. So as we are going to under produce and are under producing to some extent this year that is impacting their margins but we think that's the right thing to do to position ourselves forward for going forward there. So I mean in summary on Wirtgen, strong margin performance in the quarter, continue to feel really good about that business, confidence in €125 million of synergies and we continue marching down that path and provide updates as we go.
Brent Norwood: On the cost side, those are one-time costs. I wouldn't conclude that that's the run rate. And it is embedded in the $100 million reduction in guidance that we have.
