Marie Zieglar: Good morning. Also on today’s call are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer as well as Susan Karlix and Justin [Maravick] from the Deer Investor Relations staff. Today, we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s second quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the second half of the year shaping up. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning and they can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, as usual, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thompson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copywrited broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in today’s call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all medium may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. The call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The company, except as required by law undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and the company materials are not an offer to sell or solicitation of offers to buy any of the company’s securities. And finally, this call will include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America known as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is posted on our website at www.johndeere.com under financial reports, other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information on risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call.  And now, for a closer look at the second quarter, here’s Susan.
Marie Zieglar: We are now ready to begin the Q&A portion of this call. The operator is going to instruct us on the polling procedure. As usual however, I ask that you respect the rest of the audience participants and ask two questions, a limit of two questions. No follow ups in that limit. If you have additional questions, you are of course welcome to get back into the queue.
Marie Zieglar: Our international factories in terms of producing for the U.S., there would be some with the medium sized tractors in particular. They’re coming from markets like Mexico and Manheim, so there would be some activity there. Most of those products though, I think virtually all, would not be subject to IT 4 requirements until starting in 2012 because of the horsepower rate. If you recall, the IT 4 breaks at 175 for 2011 and then below 175 in 2012.
Marie Zieglar: Yes, I would see any reason why those numbers will roll back because there’s just an enormous number of launches ahead of us.
Marie Zieglar: Our raw materials in the back half of the year are expected to be negative approximately $170 million. That’s what’s implied in the guidance in the final six months.
Marie Zieglar: Yes, because we had favorable raw material costs in both the first and second quarters. We had two points of positive price realization for the company in both the first and second quarters and our guidance, which is as Susan pointed out, is unchanged. We’re looking at for the full year, about 1.5 points and that implies it would be a little less in the second half of the year. You have higher SA&G as we move into the back half of the year too.
Marie Zieglar: I would tell you that we are aspiring in this business to get ourselves to about 14.5% margin. That would be over a full year obviously, not in each quarter, and so we have a little bit of work to do. But we are very focused on improving that return.
Marie Zieglar: It’s very, very hard to call out and say this is IT four related or not. If you look at the Ag business, we have a very successful launch of the new 8R Series product. It’s been extremely well received in the market. You have strong farm cash receipts on proved farm net income. You’ve got interest rates at historically low levels and again, as we believe that Deere provides a very good value proposition to the marketplace. We have updated our dealers about the general requirements of upcoming emission requirements and have assured them that our strategy of providing good value, quality, reliability etc. will remain unchanged. But again, it’s just very difficult to pinpoint the specific impact of IT four. If you go to the Construction and Forestry division, there the division is at such low levels of activity, it’s hard to argue that there is any pre-buying, although again, I can’t preclude it because I can’t definitively tell you. I can tell you that where they are seeing some pickup from rental houses for example, has been in the smaller stuff, the below 175 horsepower, so that’s not subject to the start of the IT four in 2011 so I don’t have a definitive answer for you.
Marie Zieglar: Basically we’ve got, it’s been our company money temporarily loan capital corporation. It’s as simple as that.
Marie Zieglar: Our forecasting process, we would do our evaluation of our forecast at the end of April, and we would have used the average rate for currencies that was in effect at the end of April to translate the income statement and balance sheet for the 31 October 2010 and then the income for the remaining period of May through October. We have done some sensitivity analysis in terms of what, and I’ll talk specifically about the Euro, what a change in the Euro might mean. At the time we did the translation, we were looking at about an average of 1.34 for the Euro. If the Euro goes between 1.27 and 1.15, you’re looking at a favorable impact, we estimate. All other things equal, remember they never are, but all things equal, favorable operating benefit to the Ag and Turf division of somewhere between, and precisely it’s 7 and 22. Of course it never works out exactly that way, so you can see a little bit of sensitivity actually work to harm us in this particular case.
Marie Zieglar: Actually, the market conditions there and the farmer buying mood is very poor and so we haven’t seen any cancellations, if that’s what you’re asking, but things are at a very low level of activity, so we haven’t seen things deteriorate further. In fact, if you want to find any silver lining there indicating some stabilization, again at a pretty low level.
Marie Zieglar: Let me interrupt. Actually our forecast does not have us running it back down. That’s in our slide deck we show, and it’s a combination of receivables and inventory, but both categories contribute. Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: I’m talking inventory alone.
Marie Zieglar: Maybe I could do it this way. Again, I’m going to have a combined number, and this would be a benefit but in the first half of the year, actually it turns out to be negative. This is just looking at inventory, because we had such low levels of production in the first quarter. You’re actually looking at something that would be maybe a $25 million net cost in the first quarter.Alexander Blanton – Ingalls & Snyder: We’ll have to talk about it offline. You’re guidance went up, if I add back, and I assume that the charges was not in the first quarter guidance, right? In other words, the guidance three months ago didn’t have the charge in it.
Marie Zieglar: We continue to see very good levels of activity in our Ag business specifically in places like Brazil and some large equipment in the U.S., and actually a bit of a turn in the Turf business and even in medium size tractors. We saw some other categories starting to improve. And then the Construction business is seeing a little bit more as our dealers are starting to see a little bit of field activity, seeing businesses starting to stabilize, a little more confidence.
Marie Zieglar: Retail sales for the industry we think will now be down about 5% and we think that’s frankly behind us. We think that we’re approaching a bottoming if we’re not already there. We’ve actually started to see, and I want to be careful because this is from very low levels of activity, but we’ve actually started to see a little bit of activity out of rental and some smaller equipment, but again, all very low levels.  The other part, we have more production now planned in our fourth quarter than we did when we last gave guidance so that really drives the increase in ending inventories and receivables. Some of that is company owned. A little bit of it is from the field.
Marie Zieglar: In terms of availability, actually we’re doing extremely well with our suppliers. We have worked pretty hard and they have worked hard to help meet our need, and we actually have some various strategies to flex up and down. That’s actually a part of our normal routine business planning process. The order fulfillment processes in the construction equipment divisions are working fine. We have plenty of ability to respond but I don’t have a definitive number for you on lead times, but things are starting to turn and we’re doing a very good job of meeting customer needs.
Marie Zieglar: Between 1.27 and 1.15 you’re looking at somewhere between $7 million and $22 million, all things equal and operating profit.
Marie Zieglar: No, I wouldn’t say it would be finished because you’re at such a low level of activity and frankly even in terms of field inventories. But you are seeing again, from the rental companies, a little bit of a turn but most of it is some replenishment on the part of our dealers.
Marie Zieglar: That would be true. That’s in part be design and then certainly in response to very good market conditions.
Marie Zieglar: You may not be aware and we didn’t mention it overtly in the call, the Brazilian government has announced an extension or continuation of the low rate financing under the [Finami] program. It is currently 4.5% and it ends at the end of June. There is another rate that will be effective from the first of July through December 31, and that is 5.5%, which is up a little bit from 4.5% but still a very attractive level in the market. Regarding the [Masalamentos] program, at least as far as last week, we still have not heard anything from the government as to whether or not it would be continued. Conventional wisdom in Brazil does believe it will be continued. So I wouldn’t see a decline in the fourth quarter. We had originally talked about that when we assumed that the rates went back to more normal levels. As we look forward into 2011, again absent any other information we have to assume that the special rate will end at the end of December, at least for planning purposes what you would expect. It will affect sales though a little bit further into our fiscal 2011 because you usually have to commit with the bank sometime, we expect it would be by the end of November, and then you have a few months after that to actually take delivery on the equipment. So that would get us sometime into our second quarter.
Marie Zieglar: I certainly do. We would tell you that our SGA model has been extremely powerful in raising the overall returns that we have generated as a company. You may recall that we traditionally turned our assets maybe a little more than one times. We’re well over two times. We think that’s helpful to our customers because they get new fresh product that is specifically designed to meet their needs as opposed to taking inventory that has been sitting out sometimes frankly too long at the dealer and it’s not optioned the way the customer wants it. In terms of our ability to manage working capital, you’re not mentioning the very powerful effect that it has had on our ability to generate cash flow, and we think that is critical and we think actually we can get very solid feedback on this. With the markets turned down, eventually you’re going to have to react, and it’s a question of timing whether you do it today or tomorrow. We do not think we have been knee jerked at all in responding to market conditions. And again, I think that our very superior returns speak for themselves.
Marie Zieglar: With the rise in payables, with the rise in activity late in the fourth quarter, you get a little bit and then we’ve got dividends from financial services that we didn’t have last year. And I think those would be the two biggest.
Marie Zieglar: I don’t have it broken out exactly. I’ve got it by line items, but as we’re ramping up those schedules in the fourth quarter, you do because of the timing end up with some payables.
Marie Zieglar: The R&D spend, we have no deliberate cushioning in either R&D or SA&G. The expenses required to meet IT 4 are real and then engineering will be ramping up as we move through time. Does it get all the way up to 13%? I can’t guarantee it, but that is a very real cost and we’ve got plans in place for that. SA&G, there will be some launch expenses and I think there is as you know, we weren’t sure how the year would progress. I think there might have been a few things in SA&G that might have been postponed into the second half f the year that we had some flexibility on. I know even in my own case, some training that I didn’t do in the first half, I may do in the second.
Marie Zieglar: At this stage of the game we don’t have guidance for 2011 and so it’s very, very difficult to predict. The factors that you’re looking at seem to be very good. We would hope there would be some upside coming as you see recovery in livestock and from the Turf and utility division as well, but we do not have a forecast so I’m unable to give you a better answer. Thank you all for participating in the call today and of course as usual, we’ll be available to answer questions throughout the day. Bye.
James Field: We have for some period of time had a very well articulated and consistent use of cash policy, which is number one; we’re firmly committed to the single A rating. Number two, we’re going to continue to make the requisite investments in the business to continue to long term viability and sustainability of the business and extend our competitive advantage.  Number three is, we will look then once we’ve appropriately satisfied the first two, and once we’re comfortable that we are carrying enough liquidity given what’s going on in the external market environment, particularly in the capital markets, that we will look from time to time at number one for giving a moderately increasing but steady dividend to our shareholders and also we’ll explore repurchases from time to time as an alternative means of distributing cash beyond that cash strategy. We’re not going to say a whole lot more in terms of when we might move into the third step of that use of cash strategy.
James Field: I might just add to that. In generally, our trade flows relative to the Euro land or Euro zone versus the United States are relatively well balanced. To the extent that we’ve had the Euro be an issue relative to our financials good or bad, it generally happens when there’s steep, sharp movements in the Euro versus the dollar. So the analysis that Marie has shared with you shows that in generally, we’re fairly well balanced relative to the Euro and that’s why you see this basically diminimous impact from the movement going forward. Now, Marie made a very important caveat; that is, all other things being equal and of course they never are, but that would be our estimate today.
James Field: Let me just jump in. A short answer to that would be pretty much everything has gotten better at the macro level. A&T is up, C&S is up and the Credit operations are up, and then on top of that, we’re seeing a very favorable mix. We’ve seen favorable mix development inside of A&T.
James Field: That is more or less across the line. Of course, we’re over represented by tractors and combines in Western Europe and we do not believe that Deere is not unique in this regard. In fact, we would tell you that our inventories in general are in good a shape as most anybody’s and this backup of used goods really tends to be more of an industry wide issue in Europe.Seth Weber – RBC Capital Markets: Flipping over to Brazil, you raised your forecast for the South American market. Do you expect revenue comps to be down year over year for the second half just given the timing of some of the programs that were in place last year or do you think that’s …
James Field: We have not arrived at any sort of definitive course of action relative to the wind business and as a result, our forecast does not contemplate any sort of definitive action one way or the other, other than it continues to be in the portfolio. What we’ve announced is that we’ve undertaken a strategic review and at the right time we will reveal what the results of that review will contemplate, but right now, our forecast contemplates that wind is a continuing piece of the John Deere portfolio. I would go back to the previous question and also offer the point that 2009 was an extraordinary year in terms of the schedule reductions that were put in place and then the reactions. And one I would say obviously if you’re going to develop any sort of hypothesis, I think it needs to be taken with a grain of salt in that it was so extraordinary and we are firmly of the opinion that long term that being very, very quick to react in terms of schedule, making sure that we have the right products out there at the right time with the right optionalities so we don’t have to give it away is in fact, in the long term best interest of our shareholders. And it’s a very complicated subject. 
James Field: The dividend by itself I think is $200 million. A year ago, because we were re-levering the balance sheet to the capital corporation, we didn’t take any money out of the financial services, so effectively the earnings were not monetized, whereas this year, at least two-thirds of their earnings will be monetized in terms of cash and the equipment operations.
James Field: For example, in the payables, last year our incentive compensation accruals would have gone down significantly. I think we made a comment a year ago that six points of the SA&G decline was because of the reduction in the incentive compensation expense. That’s a reduction in an accrual, which through the cash flow statement effectively shows up almost as a use of cash and then as that accrual is being rebuilt, that’s a non cash charge to earnings and so it’s those sorts of items.
