Tony Huegel: Really, what’s driving most of it, as you look at the industry overall, as Susan talked about in the opening comments, we’re really just seeing a lag. To your point, the underlying fundamentals continue to be relatively strong, but as you look at some of the general economy, you look at GDP last quarter for example, was slower than expected. Some of the overhang that we’re experiencing from the fiscal policies is weighing, again, on construction. And to your point, whether being cold and wet has delayed some construction projects in the spring, and we think that’s also had some impact. But it’s really not a market share story, per se. 
Tony Huegel: I think as you look at dealer inventory, and we’ve talked about guiding lower, our guidance for the end of the year is lower for receivables and inventory and down year over year, which again is reflective of sales.  So I would tell you that both last quarter and this quarter most of that inventory reduction is really just reflective of the change and being in line with the change in the overall sales that we’re forecasting, not so much that we have excess inventory that we’re trying to take out, but as the sales forecast comes down so does the necessary inventory.  And I’d also point out, as the demand reduces, you also have some shorter lead times. So dealers don’t need to carry as much inventory, which is part of the reduction that they’re seeing in terms of what they need to have on their lots in terms of meeting the existing demand. 
Tony Huegel: In terms of pricing, and we’re talking about the 3% on the enterprise, all I can say is that construction and forestry is certainly contributing to that. But as you know we don’t give guidance on individual divisions. But certainly they are contributing. As you look at mix, that’s certainly a part of it, but keep in mind, now with our current outlook, we’re well below mid-cycle in our forecast for construction, and that certainly weighs on margin. And as Susan mentioned, the reduction that we’ve experienced in our outlook is on some of the higher margin product as well. So that’s certainly weighing on margins as well. 
Tony Huegel: I would argue it’s just a tweak. As you look at the change for the ag and turf division, it was like $100 million change, which is very minimal. Most of that is really related to final tier 4. Again, as we solidify plans around that transition, you’re going to see some tweaking there, and that’s how I would describe it. Nothing more. 
Tony Huegel: Certainly, yeah. As we move into this next quarter, we’ll start to have a better feel of what 2014 is looking like as we begin some of our early order programs. We’ll start to see our tractor order books in some cases will begin to extend into the next year, and so we’ll have some visibility at that point.
Tony Huegel: Certainly from an incremental perspective, keep in mind that the biggest change incrementally will be on absorption, as you look at production in the first half versus the second half. Last year, and even year over year, you had a heavier build schedule in the back half of the year versus what we did this year. So that’s a big part of the difference.
Tony Huegel: At this point, that’s really a challenge in terms of what might happen. Certainly most of the planting in the corn belt, on corn, already would have taken place in a more normal year, by May 5 or so. But certainly if you get good weather, to your point, that can change in terms of what gets planted in a hurry.  We look at our forecast and just as you know it’s about cash receipts being the primary driver. So as you look at what may happen, but not just what production level, or what the price level is, or how much corn or soybeans is produced, it’s going to drive that demand. Certainly for 2013 we’re continuing to see a very strong cash receipts level. I think it’s the second highest on record. So slightly below the 2012 cash receipts, but at very very high levels.  And so that data point would certainly bode well for the future, but also, as you know, as we look at next year, it will be impacted both by the 2013 and 2014 cash receipts. But at this point, it would be highly speculative to try to estimate what 2014 would be. 
Tony Huegel: Sure, the order book does remain pretty strong. We talked about combines last time. There’s really no change there in terms of as it relates to the early order program, effectively for the U.S. for all practical purposes sold out. Large tractors continue to progress very well. You look at 8R tractors, for example, availability is further out than a year ago, even on some higher capacity.  So as you look at the track tractor, you’re looking at late September availability. And for the wheeled tractor, you’re into October for availability. And on the 9000, you’re looking at October for the track large tractor, and then August for the wheeled tractor. So again, it remains very, very strong in terms of the order book. 
Tony Huegel: Absolutely. In fact, the question we had last quarter even with the lower tax rate in the first quarter, you’ll note that we kept our annual forecast the same. And it’s reflective of what you saw in the second quarter.
Tony Huegel: Certainly as you look year over year. Combines is the largest difference when you compare year over year. We were very back end loaded on combines last year. The first half, second half of shipments was 25% in the first half versus 75% in the back half. A more normal year would be 35-65, and this year we would actually be a little bit more front-end from normal, so about 40-60.  Again, when you’re looking year over year, you’re seeing the back half definitely impacted by that in terms of orders. But again, as you look at the overall year, very strong orders in that regard. It’s more about the timing of our production, much of it driven by interim tier 4. Now as we look forward to final tier 4 you have some disruptions here and there. 
Tony Huegel: Yeah, as you look at the tracker, certainly the order book on 8s and 9s are further out. So you have a stronger order book. But again, some of that is timing of production year over year and that’s really what you’re seeing. And again, overall, on ag, as you go into the back half of the year, we’re lower first half than second half, and that’s why you start to see some of the drag on margins and higher cost of sales as you go into back half of the year.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind that as you look at total annual production versus the timing, you’ve got final tier 4 coming in, so you’re going to have some disruption there within the factories doing limited production builds, those sorts of things, that do have an impact on individual quarters of availability. As you look also, our inventory build year over year is not as large as it was last year. So that’s also going to have some impact as you look into the back half of the year. So again, those are really what’s primarily driving that difference, is timing of production as you look sequentially from the first half to the second half.
Tony Huegel: To your point, as we went through interim tier 4 there was a significant number of transitions in a more narrow window than we normally would have. But keep in mind that as you think of final tier 4, there’s learning to be had there. As you look at final tier 4, however, that window’s going to be even more narrow. And in some cases, we had some product that skipped interim tier 4 and will go directly to final tier 4. So you have a larger number of models that need to transition. And again, relative to interim tier 4, a more narrow window. So it is not without risk or challenge, and certainly that comes with additional cost too, as we try to manage that short window.
Tony Huegel: Right. For example, as you look at the number of engines, the different tiers of engines, you think of tractors that are built in Waterloo, for example, when we went to interim tier 4 you added another model of engine that you had to had, because you’re still building tier 3 for certain markets, tier 2 for certain markets, and now you’ve added interim tier 4. As you go to final tier 4, while it’s a different technology, in most cases you’re not still building interim tier 4. So the number of different engines that you’re introducing doesn’t change while you’re transitioning over. So you get some of those learnings and some of those benefits.
Tony Huegel: Sure. And as you know, as it relates to Europe, we don’t provide guidance by geography there, but certainly as you pointed out, not only with the new products, but also working on our dealer distribution and strengthening that further, and as it relates to market share, those are going well.  But it’s a difficult market, to be honest, in the sense of, as Susan pointed out in the introduction, while you have great underlying fundamentals, you have the overarching concerns with the fiscal issues there that are putting pressure on sales. And so our forecast for the industry is certainly down year over year. So again, it’s a tough market from that perspective.  But certainly in northern Europe, with the exception of the U.K., still seeing those markets hang in pretty well, especially as you look at Germany and France. Those markets remain pretty strong. The U.K., because of weather issues, is not doing quite as well.  As it relates to Russia, I assume is what you meant with localizing combine, it’s really too early. We’ll have to wait and see what happens with that tariff in June or July, whether that gets extended or not and reevaluated at that point.
Tony Huegel: And to Marie’s point, as you think about the export markets and so on, in terms of when we recognize sales, that certainly can shift. And as we see more sales outside the U.S. and exports to those markets, it does create some variability. So a lot of times, it can be as simple as timing of when those products arrive in port.
Tony Huegel: Well, you’re looking at just a few of the pieces that go into that forecast. There are a number of pieces. One in particular I would note is carryover stocks, and there was an adjustment by the USDA during the quarter of the carryover stock levels coming out of 2012. So there are a large number of variables that go into that forecast. But keep in mind much of that is still based on assumptions of, generally speaking, [trend yields]. So to your point, it was brought down a little bit based on the late planting, but by and large, we’re still assuming trend or close to trend yields and normal weather.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, we have new facilities, we talked about China, Brazil, where really at this point we’re not seeing - in Brazil’s case, we’re not seeing any sales from that particular facility that are being generated while we have the higher costs, both in terms of people on the ground, building out dealer networks, those sorts of things. And you’d have the same thing in China.  Really, you’re not going to see any significant sales from those markets until well into 2014, and they’ll begin to produce 2014, but they won’t be fully ramped up probably until 2015 for all practical purposes.  You may be aware that in Brazil we are importing product to that market, as we do have some dealers in place. But keep in mind, both with the tariffs that have come in as well as the FINAME rates that we talked about being very supportive for ag, are not so supportive for imported construction products, as you compete in the market with some local manufacturers. So that then is a challenge from a margin perspective.  But long term, we still believe that’s the right direction as we build out that dealer network so that they’re prepared and in place when those factories do begin to produce. So there’s certainly some challenges there, but don’t underestimate, also, the fact that as we bring our sales forecast down, it’s challenging both from the perspective of we’re lower as a percentage of midpoint in those factories. That certainly hurts margin. And that reduction in a lot of cases was on very high margin construction equipment, which also pulled margins down. So that’s really what’s driving that margin decrease. 
Tony Huegel: I wouldn’t say that. Certainly, as you get closer, you’re adding more people, and those costs do increase. But all I’m saying is don’t underestimate just the impact, also, of lower sales on higher margin business.
Tony Huegel: The other thing that I would note is right now USDA is projecting about 7 million tons, up from about 3 million from the 2012-2013. So that’s certainly a sizable increase. The other thing that I would note is the new leadership. Previously there was a very strong pursuit of self-sufficiency. That has tended to moderate some. So to your point, I think some have been maybe a little more optimistic about what that could mean for imports, but to Marie’s point, it’s very very difficult to forecast Chinese foreign imports.
Tony Huegel: You know, it’s hard to split the two and know which is really driving more. What we would say is clearly they’re both beneficial. We are hopeful that when they announce the upcoming year’s budget in either late May, early June, that they’ll make an announcement of what the interest rate will be going into 2014. The government has made statements publicly about being very supportive of agriculture, so there’s some optimism that those rates will stay low. Whether they’ll stay as low as they are this year is hard to guess. But at this point, it’s hard to guess what may happen there.
Tony Huegel: Certainly we’re hopeful that we would know what the rate will be as we go in, but there’s not any real history that they always announce it. But there’s some speculation that they will.
Tony Huegel: Again, it depends on what those rates are doing. And keep in mind, our calendar year end is the beginning of our fiscal year. So that would, even if that were to happen in that November - December timeframe, that really does benefit our 2014. The other thing I would point out is keep in mind it’s a little bit different than what you tend to think of in U.S. policies in that the sales needs to be in place and the approval for the financing by the end of the year. But you have, in most cases, a couple of months to actually take delivery of the equipment. So even with a December 31 cutoff, that can benefit a couple of months calendar into 2014, and really well into our fiscal 2014.  Thank you very much, and with that we’re going to have to cut off. We thank you for your participation in the call. And as always, we will be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have.
Raj Kalathur: Your comment about you’re not hearing this from others, with regard to construction and forestry, now, do compare the commensurate quarter, most recent quarter, for comparable competitors. In terms of our operating return on sales, we are either comparable or better than most. This came up last quarter as well, and I think we were actually in the same position. Our operating return on sales is comparable or better than most of the competitors in the industry, and if you look at the North America, we’re not different from the competitors on the sales as well.
Raj Kalathur: And in terms of ag and turf incrementals, you’ll also notice, if you think about Q2, there was an increase in the pension and OPEB expense, FX, and R&D. So that contributed. If you add those back, our incrementals would look like you would expect. Now, some of that is also going to carry into the second half.
Raj Kalathur: Our cash use priorities have not changed. So again, with respect to dividends and share repurchases, if you take a long term view, you should not see a change on how we act on it. But what Marie explained, short term, we have some costs, costs in the environment that we are living in, and we are taking appropriate precautions. 
Raj Kalathur: You know, what Tony talked about in terms of harvesters, 25-75 last year first half, second half versus 40-60 from harvester [works]. Waterloo, if you take some of the key tractors in Waterloo, that’s also 45-55 last year, to about 50-50. So there is some shift in tractors as well. It’s not just a combine phenomenon.
Marie Ziegler: Absolutely not, in terms of where we are in the ag cycle. I would admit that our balance sheet is a bit defensive right now. We continue to be concerned about the functioning of the market overall. Bear in mind that our capital corporation, which is over $30 billion in receivables, or in assets that must be funded, is a big user of cash. And the rating agencies are very, very riveted on liquidity. So we are ensuring that we remain very liquid in order to support the financial services business.
Marie Ziegler: And I do note that we did increase our dividend $0.05 a share, which is about an 11% increase per quarter. So we are increasing our return. 
Marie Ziegler: If you look at the global fundamentals you continue to see rising demand for food and some increase in consumption of meat. You see, in the U.S., very strong farmer balance sheets. Despite what’s been happening with land prices, you haven’t seen a big ramp up in debt loads for farmers. And in fact, the debt-to-cap ratio has actually declined this year. So we’re in a very strong position. And we continue to feel very positive about the outlook and prospects for the global business. 
Marie Ziegler: As you look ahead, you’ll see, because of the compressed production transition times that we will have with final tier 4, you’re going to see some noise in early next year and late this year as we adjust.  Maybe I could go back to the first part of your question. Given the thought that corn plantings and bean plantings are very significantly delayed from typical averages, we felt it was prudent to put that note of caution in the press release. Certainly they have plenty of time to make it up, and they can if we get some breaks in the weather, which we’ve had in the last couple of days. We have not seen any cancellations at this stage, and you are absolutely correct that very strong order books do portend well.
Marie Ziegler: Correct. Everyone says that given the opportunity to plant, there’s still plenty of time to plant before you hit significant yield erosion.
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance for cost of sales would suggest that our cost of sales would be lower in the second half of 2013 than it was in the second half of 2012.
Marie Ziegler: You don’t have the disruption, if you will, of last year in terms of the combine costs. The incremental raw materials are going the right direction this year. And while we have some significant costs ahead on final tier 4, you are anniversarying some costs on interim tier 4.
Marie Ziegler: I would further add, the learnings that we have from [IT4] very much help position us to accomplish, but will be this large number of introductions in this compressed timeframe ahead.
Marie Ziegler: Good levels of activity in ag, in large ag especially. Large ag has continued to be very strong, and that’s reflected in our guidance. I don’t have anything more exciting than that.   
Marie Ziegler: Well, I’d like to say that we are the world’s experts at forecasting. I think if you’ve followed us, as you continue to follow us, there is some variability quarter to quarter in terms of how shipments go, what’s on the water, what’s not, and how currency moves. And so we are not as precise as I guess we would like to be. So I think we would view this as more a normal noise.
Marie Ziegler: The other thing that you might want to think about as you look at those estimates is also impacted by the South American crop development, what’s happening down there. Harvest has gone pretty well, good yields there. And by patterns in terms of seed and residual use, even in the U.S. And you’ve seen some adjustments there due to high corn prices.
Marie Ziegler: I think we’re very cautious on what the potential there is. Depending on whose viewpoint you’re looking at, it could be very significant for the U.S. farmer, but there’s certainly some who are quite cautious about what that opportunity at the end of the day really will be.
David Raso - ISI Group: That’s what I’m just trying to square up. Obviously revenues for you globally are notably bigger on big tractors and combines. A global comment. Your order book for large tractors is longer than a year ago, and you’re doing it on higher capacity capabilities at the factory. So tractors, if you get rid of combines, the tractor looks like it should be up a lot more than the 1% total ag and turf revenue for the rest of the year. So combines are obviously down a lot to get the whole division to only up 1. 
David Raso - ISI Group: So let’s take the revenue guidance, then, as well-explained. That’s why it’s up only 1. Why, then, in the second half of the year, with a bit of an adverse mix of combines down that much, would the incremental margins be better in the second half than the first? Because that is what’s being implied. You’re implying 25-30% incrementals for ag and turf in the second half, and they were only 22% in the first half. 
David Raso - ISI Group: That’s helpful. So the price cost may be a bit helpful at a minimum, in general, if costs are part of the story.
