Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, I'd like to share some thoughts on capital allocation, Deere's ongoing strategy and the long-term tailwinds underpinning our business outlook. First it's important to know that continued demand for book ag and construction equipment has resulted in excellent cash flow generation and allowed us to increase the capital return to shareholders. In 2018, the company returned almost $1.8 million through an increased dividend and the repurchase of approximately 950 million in stock. In 2019, we are forecasting a strong $4.8 billion in cash flow from operations. These measures reflect our optimism on the future prospects for the end markets we serve. With regard to our dividend, we aim to maintain a payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings and can be sustained through the cycle. Based on our performance in the previous cycle and the inclusion of Wirtgen, we will consider further dividend increases in fiscal year 2019. Second, in our recent review of the John Deere strategy, we revised our 2022 financial aspirations to reflect our higher expectations for the business. As a result, we raised our mid-cycle operating margin target from 12% to 15% and modified our operating asset turn aspiration to keep us focused on managing assets effectively. These goals reflect our continued drive to make further improvements and overcome headwinds such as currency or inflation. Also the new goals incorporate Wirtgen's potential contribution and will keep us focused on our successful integration. Furthermore, Deere has a good track record of achieving higher levels of performance, so we are confident the company will quickly drive towards these new aspirations. Importantly, incentive compensation is aligned to these higher goals as you may have already noticed in our last proxy. Lastly, although global agricultural markets continue to face uncertainty over trade, the underlying fundamentals and tailwinds remain intact. It's important to keep in mind that global demand for grains continue to grow even as trade flows adjust to accommodate changes in government policy and forecasts show demand outpacing supply for the '18/'19 seasons. We are encouraged by the level of replacement demand driving sales at the present time and believe our business will continue to benefit from a gradual recovery in the Northern American large ag market and the rapid adoption of precision technologies. As a result, we look forward to delivering strong results in 2019 and beyond.
Raj Kalathur: Sure, Tim. One, we talked about technology investments we've been making in the last few years and precision ag is an example. These types of technologies and the solutions and the products that come out of these have significant value to the customers and such products should allow us to not only generate higher revenues, higher share, but also much higher margins given the kind of value this will generate for the customer. That's one. The second would be John talked about Connected Support; these type of technologies that we are incorporating now will help us develop a much higher share of the aftermarket business going forward, okay. This you have to work with the channel and you heard about the investments the channel is making and we are making to enable that. Third, you mentioned Wirtgen, I think the synergies from Wirtgen both on the cost side and the sales side and some of the growth prospects there will also allow us to improve our margins. Four, the example would be just all the journey that we can do internally in terms of improving efficiency and effectiveness of our operations just leveraging digitalization for example, okay, a small thought would be in shared services and accounting we use robotic process automation. There are so many places we intend to actually use such digitalization technologies to improve the effectiveness and efficiency. And finally, one other example would be, we'll continue to work on direct material cost reduction, indirect material cost reduction and so on that will also yield an additional opportunity for us to improve margins. So those are the types of things we are envisioning. There'll be a lot more like that. So thank you.
Raj Kalathur: Seth, I think we used the same cash use priorities that we've used in the past. And first, we maintain a mid-single A rating throughout the cycle. We have a strong balance sheet right now to support it. And second, as we'll invest in growth, both organic and inorganic. You've seen as invest in very promising technologies like in precision ag. We also invested in really selectively and adding to areas like Crop Care, the type of company [indiscernible] gain market position or importantly new capabilities. So you'll see us continue to do some of those. And then, you also notice that we've increased dividend by 15% in May 2018 to $0.69 per quarter. We plan to keep the dividends at 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. Our mid-cycle earnings go up, we'll continue to consider increases. As mentioned earlier, we'll be considering further increases in fiscal '19. And finally, share repurchases, we'll definitely consider if there's cash left and you said $4.8 billion that should leave a lot of cash. But, we'll also be very opportunistic about it. And now with our purchases and time it appropriately in the cycle and we tend to look at the long-term shareholders benefit when we see repurchase shares. Now, with $4.8 billion, the forecast for next year and the current level of share prices, we think it will be a very good value in terms of share repurchase consideration from a longer term shareholder perspective. I think I will limit it to that right now, Seth.
Raj Kalathur: So David as we think through this, we look at '18 through '22 and these are forecasted numbers for the future. And as our business expands you would expect approximate 7-year average to expand as well in terms of sales. So our modeling mid-cycle has not changed in this process, okay? So you would expect '18 or '22 some growth in the mid-cycle.
Raj Kalathur: We didn't change our -- I think we didn't change our process to calculate mid-cycle revenue, okay? The mid-cycle revenues will change based on what we post on a yearly basis.
Raj Kalathur: This is kind of -- it might be an endless answer here to answer your question, but we are not going to talk about exactly what the change in EPS is on a year-by-year basis. But what we are not assuming any lower revenues in this process like we said.
Raj Kalathur: But this is not going to bring things like precision ag. They're going to bring new products additional growth. Wirtgen brings additional growth that our technologies that we talked about brings more growth on the aftermarket side. Like the customer support piece as we've talked about. So this looks at additional growth opportunities and thereby additional margin opportunities.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So I think when we think about the order book, yes, we talk about -- we've got 6 months of orders in hand that's well beyond what we typically run somewhere a month two to less than two on a regular basis. So quite a bit more visibility that's really just based on orders we're seeing come in the backlog of work that our contractors have. I think when we step back and look at the economic indicators affecting that industry they are still supportive. You think about -- like I mentioned in the backlog, housing has been continued to be supportive. And so I think that's been positive rental utilization. Rental rates have been strong. So I think that's what is driving and informing that outlook. As we think about legacy C&F versus Wirtgen. I think Wirtgen as we talked about and I think Brent mentioned about $3.8 billion of sales next year. So solid growth healthy backlog there underlying that is about 5% growth expectation in global transportation, road transportation spending. I think that's positive as well. So I think not all of those factors kind of economic drivers are what would be forming the forecast there and we feel good about where that's at right now.
Raj Kalathur: Yes, Steve. When we think about CapEx. It's really it is as you noted a similar story to R&D in that we're focused on advancing our capabilities and precision ag large ag products, the next generation I think in our view, we've got an opportunity to extend our leadership position and continue to move forward there. So that's really what we're doing. And I think those would be the biggest components of that increased spend.
Raj Kalathur: Yes. I think it's up less than 100 million. If you look at Slide 26, it's about 75 million of increased D&A next year.
Raj Kalathur: Rob, we haven't sized that exactly what I tell you is, it is impactful, when we think about things like ExactEmerge and ExactApply. We're seeing those up significantly from a take rate perspective over a year ago. In some cases 50% increase in the take rates there. Similarly on the combined side, where we're seeing combine advisor and active yield be extremely high penetration rates and adoption. So we've been in it, so it's difficult to decide what does that mean towards our top-line. But we think it is part of the impact there. And it also helps our ability to get price because of the value and economic value we create for the customers. And I will let John…
Raj Kalathur: Yes. So I think Rob that doesn't probably answer your question perfectly, but I think at this point we say, it is impactful and as noted by our investments and our new capital, we think it'll continue to be more important and as we go forward.
Raj Kalathur: I think Chad, when we think about the working capital and where we ended the year up what we'd expected. Earlier this year, it's really driven by a few things. One is kind of timing and weather. So later harvest has certainly impacted some of the timing of when we would expect things to retail. So that's been a significant impact. You've also got small ag there, where we're building inventory. It's important in terms of the customer purchase patterns that we've got inventory to sales and availability throughout the year. So that's a piece. And then, lastly, we're in a much better position with our supply base now than we were a year ago. So last year we did not have as much a part in component availability and this year, we're in a much better position that allows us to go into '19 producing more effectively and efficiently as we move forward. But I'll ask John to add a comment.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Jamie when we look at the ag margins and I think it's really a similar story kind of what we saw in 2018 as well as the guide for 2019. FX was a significant headwind in the fourth quarter. We're seeing that carry through into 2019. So when you think about kind of the full year of 2018 about 12.1%, ex FX that's about 12.5%. So we saw some drag there. Similarly as we look at 2019, FX is about a 0.5 drag on our ag margins. So that's been a pretty significant impact over where we were forecasting a quarter ago. As you think about '19, the other components FX is the biggest piece, we do have the impact of R&D and SA&G, really R&D focused on some of the things that John and Raj mentioned in terms of precision ag as well as next generation large ag products that we think over the long-term help us achieve those ambition goals in terms of margins as well as growing share. I think those are the major puts and takes embedded in that guide as you noted is the price realization that we've talked about. So we're 3% next year for the equipment operations in total. Both divisions really participating, since we've talked a lot about pricing on large ag John alluded to it. We've seen that on our early order programs, in our order books that are available now. So we feel good about that and our ability to offset the material and freight cost inflation we've seen in '18 and '19. On the construction side, we put through some discount reductions so we took additional action there that went into effect in November to get price realization on the construction side of the business. And I think it's important to note there we also expect that we're going to get price that offsets the material and cost inflation we are seeing on that side. So I think that's probably how we look at '19 overall from a margin and price perspective. Thank you.
Brent Norwood: Yes. I think you're right. Couple of components of higher production costs in '18, certainly material and freight that we've seen as we look at '18 versus '19, we saw a bigger impact in '18 than we were foreseen in '19. And then, when you think about R&D and SA&G, you're exactly right. I mean the large portion of the R&D is focused on precision ag as well as the next generation large ag products. And then, SA&G, there is a significant component there that is related to our customer and product support technology and capabilities and really working seamlessly with our dealer to deliver those solutions. So that's a piece. You've also got down smaller in that some things like incentive comp, some marketing type of things like that but those would be the biggest items.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks Jerry. Starting maybe on used on both sides of the business I think, large ag used we're down a third from the peak of the market. I think importantly we feel good about inventory levels and we've seen prices stabilize. So I think that's some positive on the construction side. We've also continued to see used inventory come down because of the tightness in terms of supply. We've actually seen a number of our dealers putting used into their rental fleets to leverage those machines they have to be able to drive that. So I don't think on the construction side, we've seen any product category be particularly concerning or an issue there. John on the used side… 
Brent Norwood: Yes, David. I think if you look across those the guidance in ag, largely flat, flat to up 5, and I think as John has pointed out, there is uncertainty there. And I think just recognition its early and we want to make sure that we are not giving ahead of ourselves there. But, I think, I wouldn't read too much into that on top of that.
Brent Norwood: Thanks Joe. I mean I think as you've noted there's been conversations that there's expectations it could come out December, similar amount. I think probably importantly, as we think about that, we're seeing as noted and some of that payment come out quicker. So the expectation we see some of that come through maybe more here in the next month or two on the first tranche. So we'll see the timing of that but announcement in December. You could see that in the first couple of months then of calendar '19.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Great question, Courtney. So I think -- when you think about steel overall, we're seeing higher -- we saw a bigger impact in 2018 than we do in 2019. Couple of things that play there. If you think about hot-rolled coil on the ag side of the business, our fourth quarter is kind of where we saw the higher level of steel pricing and we've actually -- that's what we forecast as we look into 2019. So we're -- at a more elevated fuel level as it comes down as this forecasts that would be beneficial. On the C&F side, plate steel has actually been higher and we've not really seen that move a whole lot. So that's in our forecast. But it appears to look like it'll stay at higher levels throughout the year. So I mean '18, '19 all in, '18 is a little bit higher, we're seeing that impact in '19. I think importantly we're getting price in both divisions to offset that inflation. As you think about the 301 tariff. So we've estimated about 100 million to 125 million for the enterprise across the year in 2019 and that's at the 25% level. And what our teams would tell you is they're working really hard on that with suppliers and negotiations to go to try to beat that number, but that's what we've got embedded in the forecast, is 100 million to 125 million.
Josh Jepsen: Ann, this is Josh. I'll start and then John will add on. I mean I think as we think about the major crops, I mean certainly a lot of eyes on what this forecast, this harvest is going to look like what happens in South America. I think by and large as we think about, the crop cash receipts, we're seeing -- certainly seeing the benefit of the improvements in corn, cotton and wheat this year in North America. And that probably does drive some shift in acreage out of soybeans, but probably not all to one commodity, some to corn, some to wheat. I think importantly as you go to South America at least what we're -- what our expectations are now is, you see shift out of corn into cotton, so I think there's going to be a lot of puts and takes as we think about this globally and how farmers -- you make their decisions and think about this from their specific economics as we start planning for next year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Chad. I think overall -- your comment of kind of where do we end with field inventory. I think that's where we feel like at a hundred horsepower plus a combine slightly higher inventory sales where we're a year ago. And again as John pointed out, we think some of that's just timing of when those retails are occurring. So thank you. We'll go ahead and take one more question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Ross. It's a big picture right now. We know we're not at the level where we want to break that out in terms of that business in one. It's particularly -- it's not easy to break out because of the integration but we do think it's really important. I think as we go forward, we'll continue to dig in to that and provide more color, but at this point you really -- you do see that -- you think about monetization in the base equipment and premium features, and then in those subscriptions. So we think it's a significant opportunity to create value for customers and we think as we do that we're going to be able to participate in that value.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. It's really a combination. There is components of the hardware that would be in base and there's other things that would come through your premium features. So it's a little bit of a mix. If not just clean as just one simple -- one simple line item.
Josh Jepsen: All right. Well, thanks everyone we appreciate your participation. I hope everyone has happy Thanksgiving and we'll be available today for callbacks. Take care.
John Lagemann: Yes. And thanks for the question. This is John. I think it's highly dependent upon where it is. I think in those areas that that can grow corn successfully and have grown corn successfully, you'll probably see somewhat of a shift to corn. But I think the point that that Josh made about South America is important because my conversations down there the folks that plant second crop which is a significant piece of the Brazilian ag business, they're leaning heavily towards cotton because of the current conditions and that's going to -- we think provide a buffer on any increased corn here in the U.S. and we're seeing early estimates corn maybe up 3 million to 4 million acres in the U.S. So I'll limit my answer to that.
John Lagemann: I think you nailed it on the ag side. We are off third as you said. It's really the lowest point it's been over the last four years. And I think we're in a comfortable zone. If you look at the inventory ratio, so I really have nothing else to add.
John Lagemann: I think that's the main thing. It's because it's really integrated into the product. I think it's hard to measure the incremental value of it, but it really helps sell the value of the product. So I think that's the main perspective.
John Lagemann: I think I'd add two things Josh. Number one the small tractor and small ag is a strategic play for us because of the focus we're putting on that market. And I think on the large ag piece, it's really timing and the reason I say that is because when you look at November retail sales, frankly they're up significantly over 2018. So I think the late harvest made it more of a timing issue. So we're very encouraged by the early sales in November as we look at 2019.
David Raso: If you even account for the Wirtgen bump up for the margin, you sort of just bumped up your implied EPS mid-cycle by almost $2 and just making sure I understand was that may be as you lower the revenue assumption, so the margin bump is less powerful, but to be clear you're saying you didn't change your view of mid-cycle revenues.
David Raso: Did they go down I guess, Raj. If you held them where they were adding about 200 to 250 bps of core margin improvement, so again exclude the Wirtgen benefit because it's a higher margin business. It does appear you bumped up your implied EPS mid-cycle by almost two dollars. I just want to make sure we understand that is the idea or no, did you lower the revenue assumption while raising the margin, so the benefit not quite as much.
David Raso: Thanks for that. So real quick, my question is on the guide for Ag & Turf for the year. You're saying organic sales are up 5, but when you back out pricing, it's almost implying volumes are almost not up at all. And given your end market outlook and you obviously sure sounded confident your ability to outgrow the market given all the technology benefits you have. Just trying to understand why are we assuming volumes globally for your business barely up at all in this guidance? That's the final question. Thank you.
