BrentNorwood: Yes. Thanks, Rob. May I'll start and ask Cory or Ryan to add in. I mean I think as we think about this there's obviously the customer facing component and being more aligned to how they do their work. And I think that's a critical component. As we think about internally what this does in addition to accountability and fewer handoffs and those sorts of things; we also think it's going to create speed and that speed is important because it's one to react and make quicker decisions as market dynamics shift, but also in the way that we're able to implement and execute technology and execute it throughout the portfolio and deliver it to customers in a more rapid way.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Andy thanks. I think, yes, you're right; one of the biggest pieces is just the continued inventory management. So we do expect to see under production in the construction equipment for North America as well as small tractors on the Ag side. So that is one of the components as it relates to the top line. I think things to consider when you think about margin; one is the employee separation cost that's in the fourth quarter. So $175 million across the company that's one; material, we've seen pretty positive material movements this year as we get into the fourth quarter we start to lap reductions that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019. So while we see that improving nearly not to the extent that we have seen during the year because of lapping those. Price in the fourth quarter, we don't expect to be as strong as we've seen year-to-date or particularly in the third quarter. And then one other thing that I would point out is we still are in a pretty dynamic and fluid environment as it relates to COVID. So we have cost embedded in both of our divisions whether it's overhead disruptions in the factories or premium freight just because it's still a moving target in terms of the environment with the coronavirus and how that's impacting us. So those would be the biggest drivers and puts and takes. I think when we look at it and you go kind of ex items, ex the voluntary separation costs, decrementals from an equip ops perspective in 2020, so we feel like pretty reasonable given what we're seeing from the top line. 
BrentNorwood: As it relates to the early order program, Steve, yes, so -- we -- Cory referenced the orders were up and what we saw in the first phase planters were up about 10% on a unit basis; sprayers were up a little bit more than that. So that's clearly positive from a directional point of view. I think maybe more importantly is what we're seeing from an adoption of technology. So on planters, ExactEmerge in the low 40s, so up again compared to where we were a year ago; ExactApply on sprayers in the high 40s; so continuing to see strong adoption and I think when you step back and look at the current environment we're operating in and our farmers are operating in, I think that it's a testament to the willingness to be able to want to invest in technology and the ability to deliver clear outcomes for those customers.
BrentNorwood: Yes, Steven, your question relative to margin. No impact on margin, we were taking those orders; we will start to build a little bit of that as we get into 4Q but really see more of that as we roll the fiscal year into 1Q.
BrentNorwood: Hi, Steve. I mean certainly I think the performance in the quarter and what we see for the full year continues to give us confidence in the direction, and the ability to deliver 15% and doing that when you think about where we're at from a large Ag perspective. Our relatively low volume is, I think, it speaks to the power of what we're -- what we've been able to do. As you think about construction and forestry, we're with a significant destock occurring through the year we were able to ex items like I said we're going to do margins kind of in the mid or excuse me decremental margins in the mid 20% range. So continues to perform pretty well given those challenges and then maybe importantly is as you think about the road building side of the business; in the quarter, we did about 15% margin on road building and that's with volume compared to a year ago down by about 20%. So we're seeing really strong performance there. And I think that continues to give us guidance too and just the power of the combination of our earth moving enforce your business with that road building business and what that's able to deliver; one of the big questions was how cyclical was that road building business and I think we've seen that come in as less cyclical for a full year. We expect that business to be down about 10% compared to much more significantly on the construction business. So I think that does give us continued confidence in what we can do there. And then one other thing to add is when we start to think about the opportunity to further leverage technology and technology that we've put in place in Ag and that we can leverage into both earth moving, forestry and road building; we think there's a -- that's a considerable opportunity for us as we go forward.
BrentNorwood: Yes. I think, Jerry, when you think about used, it is and we feel like we're used as in a really healthy place. We've done a lot of work; our dealers have done a ton of work pulling that down, and we're at -- you think about row crop which has been the one area that's been an area that we've needed to work on for quite a while. We're at levels we haven't seen since 2014 or below so it's come down; inventories come down and then on top of that we're seeing price stable to up on late model. So it's been really, really supportive of the overall environment.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Joel, I'd say I mean I think from a where are we, I think, we're -- it's early. I think we're trying to take a methodical approach to this and really thinking about as we look what are the products where we can differentiate most and create the most value. And that includes how we leverage technology. So that's kind of the first component of that, and then just where do we have strategic fit with our overall business. So I think those are kind of two of the lenses we're using. And I'd say we're continuing to work through that.
BrentNorwood: Yes. As it relates to price, Joe, I mean I think one thing I'd say is on both divisions. We've really tried to maintain discipline and how we're managing price and how we're addressing our markets. I think what we've seen is really on both markets we were able to run with a little bit lower discounts in the quarter. We've had some benefits of just lower interest rates as it relates to low rate financing, which has helped and also in both divisions we saw stronger pricing from an overseas perspective which contributed in the quarter. So those are the things that we saw in the third quarter that led to the push-up price maybe a little bit higher than what we would have expected.
BrentNorwood: Yes, I think some of its timing as it relates to the overseas price and then we've just got lower volume also when you think about the fourth quarter. So just we're expecting that not to be as strong as what we saw in the quarter.
BrentNorwood: Yes. I mean I think as you think about what we're doing from an Ag perspective, I would decouple that a little bit from the kind of current market conditions. I mean I think that what we're doing from an organizational perspective is strategic in nature and really trying to align around the things that Cory talked about in kind of the key tenets or hallmarks of what we see in delivering the smart industrial strategy that we've outlined. And from a market conditions perspective, I'd say more of the work there has been really focused on inventory management and being positioned ourselves as best we can to exit this year given the uncertainty. And that's I think those would be -- that's the way that I think we frame that up. I think they're somewhat separate issues.
BrentNorwood: Yes. When you think about the construction and kind of the macro backdrop, I mean, I think we have seen housing coming back somewhat obviously starts in July we're I think surprised to the upside; so that's a good thing, I think when we look at what's going on there; rental has been slow as they pulled back. We saw a little bit of that come back in the quarter; so that's a good thing, but certainly something we're watching and the rental companies are managing that tightly as our dealers that have their own rental fleets. They're managing those inventories as well. When you think about the age of the construction fleet; so relatively young given the strong markets we've been through and on top of that we've -- you've had machines through the course of the spring and summer that haven't been operating, so not putting hours on them can be a bit of challenge as well. But, yes, so we think about that backdrop overall as continued uncertainty; as it relates to when do things really pick back up, non-res as you mentioned has been particularly weak; so we're mindful of that. I think the best thing that we can do is really manage inventory. We're going to take 20% to 25% of our field inventory out in North America. We think that puts us in a position to produce to retail in 2021. 
BrentNorwood: Yes, Seth, you're right. I mean we did see last year was an ideal with weather. I mean people were still planting well into the June time frame. I think as it relates to 2018 is probably closer to kind of flattish with that from a unit perspective, but maybe importantly given the technology and some of the things Cory mentioned; we're seeing the average kind of unit price of those machines is higher as a result of a greater adoption of technology.
BrentNorwood: Courtney, I think when you think about 2021 I think important -- as you think about some of the one-time costs we've had this year as it relates to employee separation, some of these things that we expect to yield about $260 million run rate next year from a savings perspective. It's worth noting we expect in 2020 we see about $65 million of that in savings, but the full run rate on those would be about $260 million next year; so that's the biggest thing as you think about benefits that we would see in the upcoming year. I think the other pieces, some of the footprints some of those things we'll -- we should see some benefits as Ryan mentioned, we're continuing to work through that. So, we will potentially have actions down in the future that could impact that as well. But I think the biggest thing would be to think about that run rate from a savings perspective.
BrentNorwood: Yes. Thanks David. So if we step back and say what are -- what were the one time costs that we incurred in 2020, so in separation, impairments exit, closures those sorts of things that's about $435 million; so that's the number of all-in costs that you saw in 2020 for the full year. As you think about kind of levers or costs that may come back, we've been really thoughtful as we pull levers and taking actions to really focus on what can we do structurally, but we certainly think there will be some discretionary costs or some cost that comes with whether it's volume or other things that come back in, but that's something we're going to try to manage really diligently. To put a number on it, it's way too early to try to project what that would be in 2021. But I think those are the two things. As it relates to price, I mean, I don't think there's a whole lot of -- a whole lot to read into price other than we're going to -- we expect to have strong price this year and as we think about price from a delivering value perspective. We're confident in the ability to be able to get price as we go forward.
BrentNorwood: Mig. That's a -- it's a good question. I mean I think when you think about those two components like certainly on the road building side we saw that come through stronger than we expected as activity picks back up kind of coming out of a lot of lockdowns in different parts of the world, led probably by markets like China and in Europe was a little bit mixed but we saw some strength in some Western European markets. So, I think there is we just saw recovery happening faster and you're right and we thought that was down about 25; it ended up more like down around 10. I think on the construction side, North America in particular as we think about that business, yes, our outlook there from a revenue perspective maybe has gotten a little bit better. I think some of that was the uncertainty that we faced a quarter ago in terms of what exactly that going to look like. And I think you've also seen some things like housing that was mentioned a little bit earlier has been a little more stable, a little more positive than we would have expected a quarter ago when we -- if you go back and we saw housing starts below a 1 million. So, I think those are probably the biggest drivers that we've seen impacting and have changed our outlook there from a top line perspective.
BrentNorwood: Jamie, I wouldn't expect to see significantly different incrementals. I think we're confident in what we think we can do there as it relates to the margins, you think about what we're doing from a technology perspective and as we make some of these adjustments to our portfolio to those things certainly help as well when we think about overall margin.
BrentNorwood: Forestry, yes, when you look at forestry; yes, it's -- we've seen it weak globally. I think the markets where we've seen more weakness than U.S. and Canada and Russia, and Russia has really been driven by more Chinese and Asian demand. In the U.S., lumber prices have started to move up; you're seeing futures move up but mills have still been either closed or working through inventory that they had. So, I think as we look at lumber price in the futures moving up that's probably a positive sign, but we haven't seen that come through from a demand perspective as it relates to our customers yet. So, thanks for the question, Stanley. We're at the top of the hour. So, we appreciate all the interest and will be in touch and chat with everyone soon. Thanks a lot. Have a good weekend. 
RyanCampbell: Yes, Rob. It's Ryan. We've talked about the cost and savings component and from the employee related programs. And as we said, we'll continue to look at the portfolio and we'll talk about any decisions or actions that we have when we make those on our quarterly calls. And so those actions will still continue. I think a testament to the new organization is what we've just been through with COVID. We've taken some layers out of the organization. We've been able to respond much quicker in this very, very dynamic environment and that's given us a lot of confidence with the path we're going forward on.
RyanCampbell: Yes and it's Ryan. Maybe just a point on that; the margin performance that we've shown in the quarter is reflective of all the work that we've done with respect to developing technology and delivering solutions to our customers. As you think back what Ag produced this quarter, it's the second highest operating return on sales that we've had. You have to go back to 2013 in the third quarter to get a higher number and in that period our sales were about $2 billion higher. So if you take a step back and think through what's driven that margin performance this time on lower sales is really the technology and the solutions we're offering our customers.
RyanCampbell: Yes. And you'll see, this is Ryan. You'll see us take action throughout probably 2021 on this. And as we said, we'll update as we make decisions but Josh said kind of the areas that we can focus on the financial potential, ability for us to unlock value for our customers; those are the areas that we're going to refocus. It's not that we're going to turn our back on a lot of things. We'll take a look at those things and see how we can serve those customers in just a different way. So that's how we're thinking about it.
CoryReed: And Rob, this is Cory. I'd just say if you think about how we were organized in the past around platforms and product lines it served us very well, but it also required a lot of effort, time, energy spent on aligning the organization for what we're going to do next. In the new model, we're operating by empowering teams closer to the business and creating less of those handoffs and the production system teams responsible will have the capital allocation responsibilities to make decisions faster and to bring those products to market more quickly to enable customer profitability. And we see it starting already with although the models just going in place right now.
CoryReed: Yes. I would add. This is Cory. I would add that the in addition to a strong program, I think, the most important thing for us is to see that our customers continue to buy into those features and we often reference ExactEmerge and we reference ExactApply, but it's across the board. So individual road hydraulic down force, road cleaner adjusts, closing wheel controls; electric drives on our planters all the way through what we're doing in air seeding and what we're doing across sprayers. In addition to a good program what we have is a technology suite that is being adopted increasingly by our customers to drive profitability.
CoryReed: Yes. This is Cory. The only other thing I would add if you just look at late model used and you take a look at what's going on in auctions; you look across the board, it's clear that the aging of the fleet has led to a need for new -- more new product to go into the market. We've seen very positive results not only in the levels of views that we have but the values that those used products are bringing in the marketplace.
CoryReed: Yes, Ann, this is Cory. The only thing I would add is in a little more detail is that the technologies we're delivering apply equally to whether we're trying to grow output, so productivity or efficiency which is to grow the same with a lower cost and lower environmental footprint. The good news I think is that the long-term fundamentals remain the same population growth and our overall incomes over time being higher are going to drive that demand. We're 25 going into 26 years consecutive; so while we're going to have short term issues on over and under supply, our technologies that we're delivering scale appropriately either for production or for the efficiency of the crop. And I think that's what our customers are buying into in a time when commodity markets are tight. They're still buying the technology to lower their breakeven cost for producing the crop.
CoryReed: Yes. I would say on the unit basis, it's pretty similar but what we are seeing are larger machines. We're trending toward larger, higher capacity machines and more technology intensive offerings. So you think about a higher average per machine going out the door.
