Brent Norwood: Hello. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, Chief Financial Officer; Josh Jepsen, Deputy Financial Officer; Kanlaya Barr, Director of Corporate Economics; and [Rachel Bach], Manager of Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for the fiscal year 2022. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to [Rachel Bach].
Brent Norwood: Yes. First, I'll spend a few minutes talking about some of the factors in the first half of the year. The first quarter was unusually low due to the work stoppage that we experienced. So we expected the delivery schedule would be seasonally different earlier in the year. We also had two large new product programs that we're ramping up to full production in the first half, the X9 combine and the 9R tractor. And our production's plans always reflected higher volumes of these products later in the year. Typically, we see -- we have some of our seasonal factories that take shutdowns in the second half of the year. However, this year, we'll see some of our PPA -- production and precision ag factories producing through much of the third and fourth quarter. Overall, we expect to have more production days in the second half of 2022 than the previous year, and we expect to grow production progressively from the second quarter through the fourth quarter, meaning we expect Q4 to be our highest revenue quarter for the year. Additionally, supply disruptions led to inefficiencies at factories resulting in unusually high inventory of partially completed machines. As soon as we get parts, we will be able to complete and shipped product, providing confidence in the second half shipment schedule. Our guidance does contemplate getting enough parts to fulfill the production schedule. As Ryan mentioned, we are collaborating with suppliers and our factories and are working hard to make sure we get there.
Brent Norwood: So we experienced the most difficult material and freight compares in the first half of 2022. Lagging contracts on steel means we have seen progressively higher costs since third quarter 2021. Other costs are ramping as well. Commodities such as copper and aluminum, electronics and even things like labor and energy, are increasing. We'll begin to anniversary some of these cost increases in the third and fourth quarter. So we'll see easier compares relative to the previous year. Freight remains elevated, too. Recent COVID lockdowns in China have caused delays in shipping globally, compounding some of the previous logistics bottlenecks. With the supply chain backed up, we're utilizing significantly more air freight solutions, and we expect this to continue throughout the second half of 2022. In addition to material and freight, overhead has increased. This has come from the choppiness in the supply base and is particularly evident in the number of partially completed machines in our inventory that are missing parts required to be complete. So while the compare gets easier, we probably won't see much moderation in material and freight costs this year. Fortunately, price realization should get progressively better, potentially making the fourth quarter the highest margin period for us, which is a bit a typical. We have managed our order books differently than we have in the past, enabling us to adapt to changes in inflation. So as noted earlier, we expect our price for the full year will more than offset increases in material and freight.
Brent Norwood: Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions]
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks for the question. With respect to the second quarter, there's a lot of different variables going on there. Certainly, inflation has been broader based than just deal. We're seeing it impact a lot of other commodities. And I think we see continued pressure on material cost that have kind of led to some of the margin performance in the second quarter. I think in addition to that, just with the delays in delinquencies we're seeing in the supply chain, we're utilizing a lot of additional premium freight right now. So that's also having an impact on our results for the quarter. Really, the biggest challenge, though, as we noted, in the second quarter was the number of partially completed machines that you referenced to, Jamie, in many cases, that -- those partially completed machines will drive poor overhead absorption, but they also give us a lot of confidence in the second half production schedule because we do have confidence that we'll be able to complete and ship and ultimately retail those parts in the second half of the year. To give a little bit of an idea of the size of that, I mean, you can certainly look at the change in inventory that we had on the balance sheet sequentially in the second quarter from the first quarter. If you go back in history, typically, you don't see an increase in inventory in the second quarter. So that will give you a little bit of an idea of the magnitude that we saw of those partially completed machines.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for the question. I think with respect to the supply base, we have seen supply base that got, I would say, progressively worse over the course of 2021. And then really since the fourth quarter of '21, we characterize the supply base as just kind of persistent challenges. We wouldn't say that it's necessarily deteriorated over the course of 2022 or gotten better. It's just been persistently challenging throughout the first half of the year. We would expect to see that continue -- that same environment to continue over the second half. So our guidance does contemplate kind of a similar level of choppiness in the supply base as we progress through the year. We don't necessarily see it moderating or getting better. I think what's a little bit interesting is the -- some of the root causes have changed quarter-from-quarter, but the end result has been the same, right? In the first quarter, we were primarily grappling with Omicron and a high degree of absenteeism. In the second quarter, we spent a lot of our time responding to recent global geopolitical events as well as lockdowns in China that are having an indirect impact on us through just the bottleneck of global logistics networks. So when we think about the rest of the year though, we would expect to see that continue a bit. And our guidance certainly contemplates that. And we think the current conditions do support our second half production schedule, and we do have confidence that we will get the parts that we need to complete those machines that are currently in inventory, ultimately having those ship in retail mostly in the third quarter, maybe a little bit in the fourth quarter there.
Brent Norwood: With respect to order books, maybe before I even get to fiscal year '23, it's just important to note, fiscal year '22 is largely complete at this point for most of our product lines. We will have our early order programs open up for crop care in early June, which is fairly typical for our planters and sprayers. We would expect combines to begin sometime in the fall period. Again, that's fairly standard for us. For our rolling order books, we'll see Waterloo open up here in the next couple of weeks. And Mannheim is actually already opened up for fiscal year '23, and we're about quarter full for the first year or for the next fiscal year there. And importantly, we are putting pauses in all of these order programs so that we do maintain a little bit of flexibility in pricing as we have an eye towards how material and freight costs are fluctuating into next year. With respect to our crop care or the order program, where we do have prices set, we are seeing pricing for crop care products in the high single digits for next year. So we would expect pricing to be above trend line for those products going into next year.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks, John, for the question. With respect to our cadence, we do expect to see a slightly different seasonal pattern than maybe what many investors have come to expect from Deere. Some of this had really been in our plans all along with the work stoppage in the first quarter, in the new product programs that we're launching like the X9 combine and the 9R tractor. So we'll see production progressively ramp each and every quarter, two, three and then ultimately leading to the fourth quarter, which should likely be our highest quarter with respect to production. Part of what's boosting that as well again is just the completion of those semi-completed machines that are currently on Deere lots in our inventory. So that will also help. But keep in mind, too, when doing a comparison of '21 to the back half of '22, most of our UAW factories were shut down for the last couple of weeks of October. So that's going to give us a significant higher number of production days in the fourth quarter of '22 than what we saw into '21. So those are some of the things that are impacting our back half of this year relative to what folks saw in the back half of '21. Thanks, John.
Brent Norwood: Yes. With respect to our EOP programs and how that serves as a proxy for other large ag product lines, it's a really important first data point for us. First, from just a demand perspective. Typically, what we see in the early order program for crop care does have some correlation to what we'll see for combines and tractors as well just from an overall demand perspective. As it relates to price increases, again, I would say that the pricing that we see for our crop care products, planters and sprayers, is generally fairly correlated to the pricing we'd see for large tractors and combines in the North America market. You'll see different price as we look through other regions. As you think about a market like Brazil, we have maybe the most dynamic pricing capabilities there due to the way that we manage our order fulfillment process. And due to higher inflation there and fluctuating FX, you may see pricing in Brazil different and detached a little bit from what we do in our North American market. But other than that, I would say the read-through from our crop care products to other North American products is generally pretty good.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. With respect to our construction and forestry division, this is really the first quarter that we are operating post the joint venture that we've historically held with Hitachi. Maybe just a quick update on how that's going so far. We still have a supply agreement with Hitachi, and they're still an incredibly important partner to us as we transition during this time. And so far, that has been a really great partnership, and operations have run very smoothly out of our Kernersville factory in North Carolina. So things are going really well on that front. Certainly, longer term, we would see this as margin accretive to us. And the way that we've accounted for that historically has put the excavator product line for us at a lower margin relative to other large earthmoving equipment. And so we do see an opportunity to improve that certainly. And in the short term, though, it may be hard to ferret out exactly what the impact to margins is given the noise of the gain on the remeasurement. But ex that, I think we'll see a little bit of margin accretion this year. But really, it's the out years where I think that will continue to deliver for us.
Brent Norwood: Yes. David, thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. Price is certainly a component of it. You saw us raise our price realization forecast for production and precision ag from 10% to 13%. If you look year-to-date for production and precision ag, I think we've averaged close to 10% in the first half of the year. So the implication on the last two quarters is that we'll get a little bit more than that. And so that's part of the explanation for the higher revenue year-over-year. With respect to the shutdown period, it really varies factory by factory. Some factories shut down for a couple of weeks and others shutdown for more or less than that. So it really is dependent on what factory we're talking about. But net-net, the minimization of factory shutdowns, plus the lack of a work stoppage that we experienced in October of 2021, all contribute to higher production days year-over-year that help us support the build schedule that we have currently in place. Thanks, David.
Brent Norwood: Thanks for the question. With respect to price, so far what we've seen in 2022 is it hasn't had much of effect on demand. And as we noted, we're already seeing indication of interest for '23, even though some products may be above trend line price realization already for '23. Certainly, with the material and freight inflation that we're experiencing on our end is real. And we price for the following year, we take that into account to make sure that we maintain our price/cost ratios. If you think about the large ag customer to -- machinery is still a relatively smaller portion of their P&L. The bulk of their variable cost structure really relates to seed, fertilizer and chemicals. I mean the inputs is where the bulk of their variable costs have always been. And those variable costs are increasing at a much more significant rate than machinery costs. And in many cases, our machinery is lessening the usage and reliance on some of these inputs. So the more inflation that we see in chemical and fertilizer costs, in many cases, the more valuable our equipment has become to them. I would make just kind of one other point on that is we have seen significant appreciation in used pricing as well, which has really been helpful for our customers who are purchasing new equipment. It's had the impact of limiting that trade differential for them, which has helped us price -- helped us get the price we've been able to get this year and I think will be helpful as we look towards next year as well.
Brent Norwood: Yes. With respect to used pricing, we've seen it be pretty strong really for the last 12 months to 18 months. I wouldn't say we had any change from that pattern in the second quarter. It's been consistently strong and consistently outpacing pricing for new equipment. As it relates to John Deere Financial, we'd say that we've really benefited from a higher average portfolio this year and very favorable credit conditions. You will see our provision for credit loss tick up a little bit in the second quarter, and part of that was due to the events in Russia and Ukraine. And also just a really tough compare to 2Q '21, whereas the backdrop was improving significantly, I think we had a negative provision in the second quarter. So you're just seeing that normalize out. Our provision is still well below the 15-year average. So all in all, conditions for John Deere Financial remain very favorable. And maybe just a quick comment on the lease book as well. We continue to see return rates decline. And really, at this point, they're almost -- for large ag, I would say almost approaching zero there. And then recovery rates on that, which does get returned, have been increasing for the last 18 months. So the quality of the JDF portfolio is really good right now, and we expect to see that continue in the interim.
Brent Norwood: As it relates to the fleet age, we have seen it age out -- really since 2013, I think we've aged out every year since then. And really what's led to the further aging of the fleet these last two years has really been the industry's inability to meet demand in '21 into '22. So overall, it's aged out a little bit even in '22, right, which means we haven't kind of fully hit volumes to replace the equipment that's coming out of the fleet. Tractor’s is where we see the most aging in '22. Combines, we actually did produce just enough to bind the age of the fleet down a little bit. We're still well above average there, but we at least produced enough to begin that process of replacing the combine fleet. Thanks, Larry.
Brent Norwood: Yes. With respect to the supply chain, we are seeing issues be fairly broad-based. Our supply management team would describe it as whack-a-mole. Certainly, chips are an issue and will probably continue to be an issue as we work through the year. I would say, so far, we've managed that and have been able to keep that from having a material impact on mix of any kind. But as we look to the back half of the year, I would expect us not to single out any particular area of the supply base just due to the broad-based nature of it. I mean we're seeing challenges with castings and wire harnesses and hydraulics and pumps and tires. And it really just depends on the day in terms of what's causing challenges for us. Fortunately, our supply management team has really done an excellent job of working through each of these as they come up. And we've been able to solve them without any material work stoppages or any particular mix issues to call out.
Kanlaya Barr: Thanks, Rachel. Turning to Slide 6. I would first like to take a few moments to talk through some points that are influencing the global industry. Global stock for grains and oilseeds have declined over the past 3 seasons, and we expect to see significant less production and export out of the Brexit region. And on the demand side, there was an increase of imports into China as China's Hog Herd recovered. So both supply and demand factors are leading to higher crop prices as reflected in the recent [indiscernible] release. Meanwhile, growers are experiencing input cost inflation and availability concerns, most notably with fertilizer. For row crop producers are experiencing higher input costs, many pressures input in advance of the recent inflation and are marketing their crops at unlimited prices. As a result, growers continue to experience strong profitability and cash flow. While farmers expect another year of high input costs in 2023, global grains and oilseeds prices have risen enough to deliver healthy margin profit into the next season. With respect to small ag equipment. Two consecutive years of industry-wide production constraints have resulted in further aging of the fleet. The higher-than-average fleet age, coupled with low channel inventory, is contributing to pent-up demand and is likely to remain beyond fiscal '22. With this backdrop of continued strong ag fundamentals, we expect U.S. and Canada industry sales of large ag equipment to be up approximately 20%. Order books for the remaining of the current fiscal year are mostly full, and we already see signs of strong demand for model year '23 equipment, with some order books opening in June. Small ag and turf industry demand continues to be forecasted to be about flat this year. We are seeing moderate increases from our [indiscernible] segment, while consumer products are lower due to supply constraints and low inventory in the channel. Rising interest rates will likely impact home sales and home improvement spending in North America, although we expect them to remain elevated. Equipment inventories remain well below normal and are unlikely to begin recovering until 2023. Now moving on to Europe. The industry is forecasted to be up roughly 5% as higher commodity prices strengthen business condition in the arable segment. We expect the industry will continue to face supply-based constraints, resulting in demand our production for the year. At this time, our order book expands through the duration of fiscal '22 and even into early fiscal '23 for some product lines. In South America, we expect industry sales of tractors and combines to increase by approximately 10%. Despite low -- the low trend crop yield due to weather, our customers are very profitable this year, benefiting from high commodity prices. Our order book reflects the strong sentiment and are nearly full for most product lines. Industry sales in Asia are forecasted to be down moderately as India, which is the world's largest tractor market by unit, moderates from record volume achieved in 2021. I will now turn the call back to Rachel.
Kanlaya Barr: Sure. Let's start with the global stocks for grain oilseeds, which we have seen decline over the last 3 seasons, and that's driven by both the supply/demand side. Now looking at the demand side, we experienced a large increase in Chinese import, and that's starting in the year -- crop year 2021 as China's Hog Herd recovered from the African Swine Fever. And now on the supply side, the world is experiencing significant damage to crop two consecutive years, that was in 2021 crop year and also 2022 crop year as well, and in multiple locations in North America, South America, parts of the CIS. So together strong demand and declining supply led to the higher price that we're experiencing over the past two years. Now expected lower production of crop from the Black Sea region adds to the challenges that the ag security faces. The region accounts for almost about one-third of global wheat exports as well as a notable source of corn exports. USDA forecast production in export for wheat and corn to be almost 50% lower for '22/'23 crop year from the Black Sea region. And in fact, the potential export loss could impact two crop years. And as a result, right now, wheat ending stocks among key exporters could fall below 50 million tons, which is the lowest level in 15 years. Now looking at the fertilizer prices, which have climbed in some markets, are experiencing scarcities of these critical input. Persistent fertilizer constraints and high price will lead the supply chain to adjust, but this is likely going to take some time. If you put these factors together, while row crop producers are experiencing high input costs. Many have purchased it in advance of recent inflation and were able to market their crops at a high price, which help mitigate the higher input costs. And also a tight global supply will likely remain supportive of prices next year, which is helping to sustain some more profitability. Now given this backdrop of elevated commodity prices, combined with two consecutive years of constrained machinery production, we have older fleet age and low channel inventory, the fundamentals for agriculture machinery remain favorable.
Kanlaya Barr: Yes. Just to kind of give some ideas on where the market is right now. When you look at the protein prices, with the pork and also poultry all at record high and also milk demand continues to be very strong as well. So that's going to help support and help offset the rising feed cost. So I think the margin in that market is still looking pretty steady.
Ryan Campbell: Before we transition to the Q&A portion, I would like to make a few remarks on our results and the opportunities ahead of us. Reflecting on the second quarter results. As we indicated in our prior earnings call and outlook, the supply chain-related constraints continued through the quarter and will not likely abate during this fiscal year. With respect to our forecast, excluding the special items in the second quarter, our operational guidance remains roughly unchanged. I want to commend our employees, dealers and suppliers for their efforts to support customers and deliver products as quickly as possible in this dynamic environment. Given the strong fundamentals in agriculture, coupled with the underlying supply constraints, we do not see the industry being able to meet all of the demand that exists in 2022. While difficult to quantify exactly the impact of this, we expect 2023 to be another strong year of industry demand. Strategically, each day that passes gives us more confidence in our smart industrial strategy and our recently announced leap ambitions. While we are hard at work managing our operations in this dynamic environment, we are also executing on our strategy. Our production systems teams continue to identify and execute against opportunities to drive both economic and sustainable value for our customers and their operations. This is even more critical in an environment where inputs are significantly increasing in costs and/or hard to come by.
Ryan Campbell: Sure, Rachel. Consistent with the themes that we've previously discussed of digitization, automation, autonomy, life cycle, electrification and sustainability, we've executed during the quarter to expand our access to talent, technology and business opportunities in these areas. I'd like to highlight one investment, GUSS Automation, which is a pioneer in semi-autonomous spring for high-value crops. GUSS Automation brings an in-depth knowledge of HPC customers and innovative solutions that deal with some of the most pressing issues facing that segment today. We look forward to working together on further collaboration with the Deere sales channel and in other areas that drive value for HPC customers. I highlight this investment as it is illustrative of the new smart industrial strategy focused on production systems. Our teams work to deeply understand customer production systems and how to deliver better outcomes, both from an economic and sustainability perspective. Then we work to deliver a differentiated solutions. Sometimes we'll design to deliver that solution organically. Other times, we'll invest, partner or acquire unique capabilities to accelerate that delivery. Overall, you'll see us continue to aggressively expand our capabilities to deliver differentiated customer value, and we will dive deeper into this at our Tech Day on May 26.
Ryan Campbell: Kristen, it's Ryan. Maybe just to add. Some of the customer sentiment surveys are -- can be driven by just the overall volatility in the environment and the input pressures and concerns that customers may have with respect to that. Ultimately, demand comes from the actual economics, which we see continuing to be favorable.
Ryan Campbell: Mike, it's Ryan. Maybe just quickly. We see our take rates for our tech that allow our customers to manage their P&L better. They continue to be very strong, and we would expect them to get stronger. So if anything, we see customers trading up, not down.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One thing to add there. We're seeing some of this play out in the AEM retail data as well where you see some categories down year-to-date but choppiness in the month-to-month retails. The decrease in certain categories is not reflective of changes in demand, but more -- the challenges we're seeing in getting products shipped and not just us, but across the industry, given the current environment in supply.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Kanlaya. And maybe just to punctuate all of that. We're seeing strong demand as we look into model year '23 orders and even begin to take orders in 1Q '23 for certain products in different geographies. So we're expecting continued demand to be a tailwind going into '23.
Josh Jepsen: That's right. And traditionally, in ag, to boost yields, we've seen an approach that had to be do more with more. Both rising input costs, our customers are looking at how they can do more with less. And they're looking to us and the strategy that we've been talking about over the last few years. Using less inputs, but not losing out on yields, or in some cases, using less input and increasing yields. So for example, we introduced a product called ExactRate last year, which applies liquid nitrogen at the time of planting. This helps our customers get more precise with fertilizer usage, which has been a unit -- input experiencing rapid inflation this year. Not only can this reduce the cost, but also improves our customers' nitrogen efficiencies, unlocking significant environmental benefits as well as helping yield by applying nutrients when the seed needs it most. So not only do we see continued strong demand, but the demand for our precision ag solutions as our customers look for opportunities to do more with less.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Jamie, it's Josh. Just to pile on what Brent mentioned there. That -- those machines sitting -- waiting on parts. If you look at the back half of the year increase year-over-year in the second half, it represents close to 25%. So as Brent mentioned, getting those out gives us a significant jump on the back-end loaded sales.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. With respect to retail data, we're certainly not surprised to see it come in, a little bit choppy this year as -- certainly, we're dealing with delays in delinquencies in the supply base, but I presume that most of the industry is as well. And given the number of partially completed machines, I think we'll continue to see that data come in waves and be a little bit choppy as we get through the rest of the year. Certainly, with respect to market share on any given month, it's really a function of who can produce what that month. And so again, that'll be a little bit choppy. Certainly, particularly in the first quarter, we probably outperformed our own expectations there with respect to what we could deliver given the work stoppage. I'd say other than that, we have -- feel like we've been holding our own in terms of retailing machines. We do have a couple of standouts, though, and bright spots. ADR’s, in particular, is a product line that we've had a lot of success outperforming the industry in terms of production. Mannheim tractors is as well. So if you look at the first half of the year, we picked up a little bit of market share on the ADRs, and then also in Europe, for our high horsepower tractors and certainly look to holding on to that lead as we produce through the back half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Kristen, as it relates to the demand piece specifically, we have not seen that shift or change or cool as it pertains to large ag in particular. Anecdotally, for example, in Brazil, as we opened month-to-month, we filled a month of production in a day when we opened it. And as we start to get ready for early order programs, we're anticipating strong activity as we're talking to dealers who are already working with customers. So we think that demand environment continues and provides a good tailwind for '23.
Josh Jepsen: Tim, this is Josh. One other thing to add, too, that we'll watch really closely is what are we seeing with technology uptake in that early order program. And particularly when you look at planters and sprayers and given the increases in input costs and what we can deliver from a value point of view, we would say our value proposition on a lot of those things has gotten even better with higher input costs and being able to be more precise and more accurate to deliver better outcomes for our customers. So as we roll those out here, we'll be watching that closely, too, because we think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity with those features and tools.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. On the technology side, Jerry, I think like in ag, this is where technology can play a huge role in driving profitability and sustainability for our customers, and importantly, safety as well. So you think about labor challenges, skill labor on the job site, a tool like smart grade effectively automates the job that someone with not a tremendous amount of experience can get in and perform a job as well as an experienced operator, reducing rework a time like today when contractors have more jobs than they can do and if I can reduce rework because I'm automating parts of the production system, that allows our customers to get more done. So this -- the smart industrial strategy and leveraging technology into construction, earthmoving, road building is a big opportunity. We're at the very early stages of this, but a lot of opportunity to create value for our customers. And we're going to continue to methodically work through that. Bringing the excavator in-house is a key step to unlock more value there.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. The latter. Of the growth that we see in the back half of quarter of it is effectively represented by those machines waiting on parts.
