Tony Huegel: Thanks, Tim. Yes, as you might imagine, and we talked last quarter and even the early part of the third quarter where sentiment was a bit more positive as those commodity prices were up, and as we mentioned there, that can change in a hurry, and it certainly with the commodity prices coming down, I think it's fair to say the overall mood would be less positive than it was a couple months ago even. Related to the spring seasonal equipment, we just finished the first phase, remember these are multiphase early order programs, so I want to stress it's still quite early, but we did see on some of those key products like planters and sprayers as well as spring tillage equipment. We are seeing those early order programs down year-over-year, but as you think about the magnitude of that decrease considerably less of a reduction versus where we were a year ago. In fact if you look at just a plant or EOP in particular, which is often considered a good indicator for large Ag and its current environment, orders are down in the single-digit range. So just to give you an idea, again, I would stress that it is quite early.
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly, you know, the third quarter was a very strong quarter for Ag and turf, you know, on lower sales, the operating margins were higher. Obviously price realization continues to be very strong. You point out the SiteOne gain that was about 75 million. I think Josh indicated, just under two points of margin there. So really a lot of it was cost management, and so we had lower production costs, things like obviously incentive comps, material costs continued to be a tailwind for us. Obviously it had a little higher Tier 4 emissions costs. SA&G was also lower. So those were some of the positives. Obviously volume and FX continued to be drags on the profitability as well. As you look out into fourth quarter, I think a couple of things to keep in mind, one is mix shifts, so as you think about the production, a couple of our key factories in particular, you think about Waterloo with large tractors as well as harvester works will see considerably lower production in the fourth quarter of '16 versus '15. Just to put some context around that, harvester works for combines would be about a 60% reduction in output hours and Waterloo is about a 20% reduction in output hours, so a couple of, very profitable products for us. The production will be down pretty considerably. The other thing, I think that's worth noting is material costs. That’s been a nice tailwind for us through the first three quarters of the year. That actually becomes more flattish. It's slightly negative, but really more flattish in the fourth quarter, so you lose the tailwind in the quarter would be the other item I'd point out. So those are probably the biggest differences as you move into the fourth quarter.
Tony Huegel: I'm going to jump in here because, A, I think you're mistaken in what we've said. Okay, we're not saying that the field inventory levels are the same. We're saying are going to be in line as a percent of sales they'll be in line, so that's implying large Ag is down pretty considerably when you look at field inventories. So, again, the reason we're clarifying that is as we talked earlier in the year, when you're looking at total Ag inventories and receivables, you have small Ag in there as well, and we've seen some increases there. But if you look at just large Ag we have taken pretty comfortable reductions in the year to keep those inventory and receivable levels in line with the sales when we get to the end of October, so I think that that's probably the most important statement. In regard to 2017 shutdowns and production schedule, we'll talk more about that next quarter when we have the 2017 outlook. So anyway, appreciate the question and we'll move on to the next caller. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: Sure, Yes, and I think there can often be confusion around pool funds. When we refer to pool funds, at least in the U.S. and Canada, those funds are only for used equipment. They earn them on the sale of new equipment, but it's really the funds that are available for them to provide incentives for the sale of used. So we often talk about one way they can use those is for helping to subsidize the floor planning but they have of used equipment as well as actual retail, and so we do - we do tend to manage that. There was a period of time where we were starting to see a shift towards more use of wholesale financing and floor planning, but that has shifted back to a very attractive use on actual retail, and pretty much in line with what we would expect. So that's been a positive trend that we saw really early in the year, and it's continued through the year on pool fund. So another question around there that I'll throw in as a bonus is you look at pool funds in aggregate, we would say certainly as we look at that relative to used inventory, we would be comfortable in aggregate. As we said before, there are clearly some dealers who we would look at and say their pool funds - you know, are too light relative to the used equipment that they have, and that's when we have those individual conversations with those specific dealers. But in aggregate still at healthy levels.
Tony Huegel: If you think about the operating leases just kind of in general, hopefully the read through as you look at the quarter is things seem to stabilize, at least in the short-term in terms of the losses that were recognized, you know, no additional impairments, those sorts of things. Obviously the forecasted income for financial services stayed the same, all positive signs, but to your point, you know, I would say in the near term, short to midterm, there's still certainly risk. As we look at future maturities we continue to work hard to reduce the return rate on those maturities as well as finding more effective ways to dispose of those when they get returns so that the loss rates are not as significant, but as long as we stay at these lower levels, as long as, you know, used equipment prices continue to be at more depressed levels, I think that continues to bear watching and certainly has risks. So while we take some comfort in the short-term with the stabilization we saw in the quarter, it's going to be a while before we're willing to say we're out of the woods there and so to your point, stay tuned and certainly we would be deciding that at some additional risk.
Tony Huegel: You're hitting some of that now. We'll hit some pretty strong maturities in the fourth quarter of this year, and then certainly as we move into spring, you know, next year is I think another kind of wave of maturity. So think about timing of when you tend to see a fairly healthy level of retail activity that's when you're going to see some of those - some of those peak. So let's go ahead and mover. I appreciate the question. Let's move on to the next caller thank you.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think in both cases, I would say in line with, which would imply higher year-over-year sales.
Tony Huegel: Our production is higher, because we will produce in line with retail. So our year-over-year production will be higher.
Tony Huegel: It's certainly our greatest under production than large Ag in the year. So mix would be favorable year-over-year.
Tony Huegel: I think in the short term and what you're seeing reflected in our outlook on construction is our dealers do continue to be so flat. So as the market continues to decline as we would expect them to and hope that they would they are bringing their inventories down in line with that. Some of that actually is related to the lead times we’re able to have right now in our factories with the lower production, they can get replenishment, the equipment pretty quickly and as a result of that they are able to do more of that de-stocking and make sure that they are putting their inventories in a good low level type of environment. So as I turn that around a little bit to the extent you start to see positive turns in that market our dealers are likely in our - would respond maybe a bit more aggressively as dealers would need to do a little bit more stocking up. So it does have some negative now but more positive when the market does eventually rebound.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, I mean if you ask me today which market was likely if I had to pick one which one has the best likelihood of being up, I think I would have to say Brazil or South America in general. One of the things to keep in mind is and we talked about this throughout the year is a lot of downturn there has been related to the uncertainty around the government and the overall economy. Farmers have been pretty profitable. As a result of that with the new government at least today there appears to be a more positive sentiment, inflation is coming down as an example so the overall economy seems to be showing some level of improvement. And in the short term we’re seeing that in the order books as well. Now, the question there is remember there is a conversion to Tier 3 what we consider Tier 3 on January 1 in Brazil on large Ag equipment so that will and dealers know and customers know, that will come with the price increase. So undoubtedly some of the at least short-term order book activity we’re seeing is strength around that buying equipment ahead of the Tier 3 conversion. So the real question remains, will we continue to see that demand surge as we go into calendar 2017 or not. But again I think there is some fairly favorable signs that would indicate that could possibly be the case.
Tony Huegel: Our order books would reflect demand related to that but we have not built inventory ahead to have on our dealer lots to lead further into 2017.
Tony Huegel: Actually, if you look obviously we don’t give the actual number any longer but it would benefit in the quarter for Ag would have been slightly less than second quarter for material.
Tony Huegel: Yes, so again it’s starting to come down a little bit which you would expect as we’re looking some slight increase going into the fourth quarter. There was really, certainly was contribution but it was holding other costs and finding ways to operate again as efficiently as we can at these low levels and so they just did a great job working through some of those costs.
Tony Huegel: Yes, that was - you noted correctly. That’s actually a change we did make this year. Historically we would have provided the first look at a cash receipts forecast out into the future year and candidly it’s just too in our view at this point it is just so pretty mature and preliminary that we decided that would make that change this year. And I’ll note that USDA doesn’t provide, it won’t provide their first 2017 cash receipts outlook until February of 2017. So historically we were almost six months ahead of the USDA and so as a result we’ve decided that we will wait. We do expect in November that we’ll have again it’ll still be very preliminary but we will have our first 2017 cash receipts outlook. I would tell you if you look at our number I would call it flattish as this point year-over-year but again I can’t emphasize enough. It’s very, very premature.
Tony Huegel: We don’t provide any profitability breakdown by large and small. We do on a annual basis provide some sales breakdown as you know but I think the second part of your question is worth noting especially when you think you about small Ag I would say the higher end of that small Ag business so what really it is attributed to livestock we have seen some softening in the retail environment around some of those product categories as the livestock margins have gotten squeezed a bit. And you’ll actually see that reflected a little bit in some of the inventory levels that we report in the appendix. So the 100 horsepower and above you’ll see I forget what slide that is Josh, do you mind look at that up quick. But if you look at it you’ll see still on the mid 30% range.
Tony Huegel: 47% where we’d be back down typically in the 20% range. Really what’s driving that is the 100 to 200 horsepower the 6000 series tractors are a bit elevated but it’s possible last quarter we talked about this and said this was likely that our expectation is would have those in line year-over-year with some of the weakness in livestock. It’s possible that number will be a bit elevated, it should come down but it may not hit quite the same level that we were at as we ended 2016 but again that product is coming from Germany so there is longer lead times not building to retail order, we’re building to forecast and that retail sales forecast has slipped a bit in the quarter and obviously it’s wasn’t dramatic enough for us to change the overall retail sales outlook but it did soften some.
Tony Huegel: From an inventory perspective I don’t believe that is the case and you’ve seen ours come up. Now remember our sales - our inventory levels are coming up but our sales are too. So it’s really coming up more in line with the sales at this point.
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly, you track things like there is a seam of business parameter and so on. We started seeing even a quarter or so ago that's starting to track more negative, a year ago at this time that was actually moving a more positive direction and we had some relatively positive hope for Europe as it went into 2016. I think in the short term certainly you have a lot of factors like Brexit and so on that are causing some uncertainty. There were some challenges and if you look at some of the Eastern part of the EU28 with subsidies and timing of when subsidies were released again. And then when you look at France, I mean you are starting to see some indications that the crop there is certainly not what many had hoped and so you are seeing some weakness there. So I think certainly you are seeing a sentiment get a bit weaker here in the latter part of the year. J.B or Raj, do you have anything? All right, beyond that I am not sure there is much more, I would say it's your point, it’s one month, it’s registrations I wouldn't read too much into a single month.
Tony Huegel: Yes, dealer inventories I think we are reasonably comfortable with, that's one where again we would say used equipment, not an issue at this point but one we certainly have our eyes on and I'd say cautionary. Actually one of the bigger challenges there had been Great Britain, U.K. and with some of the FX and it was if the FX it held up pretty well. With Brexit now and the FX changing, that’s actually in a short term created some benefit for their used equipment to move because most of that of course comes to the mainland and gets distributed kind of the Eastern part of Europe. So that’s been a positive again very short term impact of Brexit.
Tony Huegel: All right. Thank you, Raj, and with that, we'll conclude our call. We appreciate the questions and we of course will be around throughout the rest of the day to answer any follow up. Thank you.
