Tony Huegel: Thank you. Hello, also on the call today are Jim Field, Raj Kalathur, Marie Ziegler, Susan Karlix and J.B. Penn, our Chief Economist. Today, we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s third quarter earnings. Then spend some time talking about our markets, the outlook for the fourth quarter and the current drought conditions. After that, we’ll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, please turn to slide three and I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jim Field. 
Tony Huegel: Yeah on the tractors again this is Tony, again eight hour tractors and the nine hour tractors are running very similar to what we would have a year ago.
Tony Huegel: Yeah the Canadian piece would certainly a big part of that, a big part of that change and as a reminder in Canada, we do have consigned inventory there and so we don’t recognize the sale until the retail sale to the customer. So that part of that shipping delay issue is getting in to the country in time to recognize the retail sale.
Tony Huegel: And Eli, may be to your point in terms of those that have the revenue protection, there is initial payments that are made and then if as the prices come out from RMA later, there maybe an additional payment made at that time.
Jim Field: Good morning. Thank you for joining us as we discuss what was a great quarter on most fronts. John Deere reported record sales and profits in the quarter, operating margins in the Ag & Turf division were approximately 14%. We successfully launched new products while continuing the build-out of our global footprint, but our sales increased 16%, was short of our guidance by nine percentage points or about $700 million. This had a corresponding negative impact on the bottomline and it was lower than First Call estimates. The miss was in Ag & Turf; half of the shortfall is due to softening market conditions outside the US; of note, China, India and the EU-27. Additionally, sales were negatively impacted as the granting of import licenses in Argentina continues at a slow pace; timing of and changes to finance programs as well as the weaker Reais affected sales in Brazil and Turf equipment sales in the US were hurt by weather conditions. The other half of the shortfall is manufacturing execution. The good news is, we expect to make-up the bulk of the sales miss related to execution during the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, we had very aggressive production levels as we continue to ramp up our schedules and we experienced some hiccups. The all new North American Combine line with significant product innovations and IT-4 compliant engines was most challenged and accounts for the bulk of the shortfall. The issue is not quality; in fact we are receiving positive customer views on the machines already in the field. We just had trouble ramping up production to meet the aggressive build schedules in the quarter. As a result, we experienced production delays of up to 14 calendar days. In addition, we are seeing an unprecedented early harvest of up to four to five weeks in some areas. Consequently, some machines will be shipped too late for harvest and we have allowed dealers to cancel orders. This affects only about 3% of harvester’s 2012 production and as reflected in our updated guidance. We know, we know less than stellar execution is not what you expect from John Deere. So what happened? There are 40% more unique part numbers in the new Combine’s than previous models; new parts, required new suppliers and new challenges for existing suppliers. We also had a significant number of new employees requiring extensive training, many of whom were hired as production schedules were sharply ramping up. To catch things off, we are running the factory at full speed so there was no downtime to get caught up once we felt behind. These issues have been addressed. The key is that these are not are quality or customer satisfaction issues. They are execution issues; problems we at John Deere know how to fix. Of course, the sales shortfall is reflected in higher inventories in the third quarter and at year-end; actions have been taken to manage the inventories, but it will take longer than the end of the year to work them off. However, in summary our quarter was historic, but it could have been better. We did not execute to the usual John Deere standard. Mitigation and corrective actions have been implemented. And now I'll hand it over to Susan.
Jim Field: Julianne, this is Jim and the provision that we have talked about in the press release is our current best estimate of what we will be dealing with in terms of insurance and as you know there is a significant amount of reinsurance that backs the policies that we write and we are just left with some of the residual risk. But to put in perspective we took kind of the aggregate industry wide losses that we were looking at and we said what happens if that doubles. And even if that doubles, you know, you would be talking about something that would be less than $50 million impact to the financial services operation. So, clearly you know de minimis in the grand scheme of $3.1 billion net income.
Jim Field: And the other thing I would add is, I mean to put in perspective we are talking about aggregate receipts that are better in the range of 400 billion. On the crop insurance I think we told you about 11 billion last year. So if you assume that goes up by 50% you are talking still you know just over a point of the total amount of the payment stream. So it has got a lot of headline line value, but if you step back and look at it in the aggregate, it's not a very big chunk of the overall total.
Jim Field: Well, you know, I tried to address some what of this in my comment that when you look at the sales for the quarter, 50% was related to these issues that we were able to caught up on largely in the fourth quarter and 50% was related to weakening markets and the bottom line impact would be relatively similar.
Jim Field: Well no obviously we are going to be much more efficient, but to the extent that we generated inefficiencies related to not hitting these those are going to be with us for the balance of the year.
Jim Field: And then second of all you have a component of it, not all the buyers are cash buyers and so you know they have a solid balance sheet and they have a solid looking projection with insurance receipts that they haven’t recovered but they are going to be there, they also have the ability to finance these machines.
Jim Field: Jamie, this is Jim. Let me talk about the supplier question. I think in that regard, we more or less what we are going to say on that you know, we have isolated issues from time but beyond that we are not going to say much more right now. Also on the 2013, I think on that to get much more color we are going to have to wait until the next call, that we are in the process quite frankly right off pulling together our first cut of the budget for 2013 and I think we would be wise to wait until we have that run through the process before we could start talking about 2013. So thank you very much. 
Jim Field: Yeah, Henry. I think it's important to note that most of those cancellations were not retail orders. The bulk of those were dealer purchase for stock, but it didn’t reflect the reduction in retail.
Marie Ziegler: In terms of 2013 I will go backwards, Jerry. 2013 that will be very modest transitions, I think there is a couple of products throughout the product line now we will again of course in 2014 start complying with final tier four. In terms of the cost may be the best way to characterize the cost what our previous forecast was and total cost which 300, help me Tony do you have that number 320 something or 325? 325 million is the production impacts from all the transition it’s not listed in the quarter but really the forecast for the full year. 
Marie Ziegler: I can comment certainly on the remaining three months in the year. I can’t comment on 2013 and Jerry, basically you can see that we not only adjusted because of the third quarter results were a little lighter on sales this quarter but we did make some adjustments for the [fourth] quarter as well and really that is reflected in the (inaudible) of the international markets and the desire to get those inventories back in line. It will take a little bit of time because for some of those products are spring season products and move until into next year. 
Marie Ziegler: And maybe just one final point. In terms of the manufacturing, execution, we expect to make most of that up in the fourth quarter and again that’s awfully reflected in the forecast. Thank you Jerry.
Marie Ziegler: Well again the early programs ex-combines because combines are its very, very early for that. They are running about 15% above year ago levels and combines are off to a very solid start but it’s just only a couple of weeks into our program that runs for several months, so it’s pretty mature to quote statistics. 
Marie Ziegler: It will be a very small part of it. The bigger story quite candidly is Ag, but you can see from the guidance.
Marie Ziegler: I am going to just chime in here because I think the relevant question is do they spend these payments from crop insurance or government any differently on the survey data and the past history suggest that that is treated as regular revenue and I think that’s a significant fact.
Marie Ziegler: I would tell you that. No, of course we are not going to provide you with an outlook for 2013 other than to say certainly we are trying to paint a picture of very strong positive fundamentals and while saying as always there is a little bit of caution. But things look very encouraging for most sectors of agriculture.
Marie Ziegler: One of the things, David, that you probably wouldn’t have had, we certainly wouldn’t have had in our forecast is the impact of exchange.
Marie Ziegler: And this, can’t answer that you know, it is a positive benefit in SG&A and R&D expense, it’s about $150 million in the quarter and certainly that pre-tax number and that had an impact and for those of you who may not be familiar, we have over the course of the year very well balance trade flows, but they don’t perfectly match on any given day. So you get some noise because of that and the other things is that where we [aren’t] perfectly balanced, we do have hedging programs but as a practical matter, you don’t necessarily or unable in some cases to perfectly hedge a 100% of that exposure and you are aware certainly of what's happened with the dollar relative to other currencies.
Marie Ziegler: Thanks. I would say basically last time our guidance had been up about 600 for receivables and inventories and that really reflects the underlying market conditions and the balance of the increase really reflects some market slowdown and some timing of production primarily.
Marie Ziegler: Eli may be just a short look at it, it’s very difficult to calculate an exact number, but we would tell you that we are in the pretax somewhere in the range of $50 million to $75 million and that will incrementally reflect due at the disruptions if you will.
Marie Ziegler: No, that money that is, that’s the current cost from some of the transitional activity issues; the production will get made up at some of that operating efficiency (inaudible)
Marie Ziegler: Well, first of all, farmers come into this very strong balance sheet and then very solid financial position and if they are waiting for some revenue obviously you know some of our products are seasonal products and they are on waivers.
Marie Ziegler: And I should also for our John Deere Crop Insurance customers I will point out that we are very adequately staffed in terms of adjustors. The timing of when they receive the payments depends on the farmer context, context and when the insurance adjustors able to make the assessment and we have adequate staff to cover this event.
Marie Ziegler: You are correct. We do have credit operations in several of these countries and so the answer is yes, we're able to help out and that had offset. In some markets, there is just not a lot of credit available. You are aware of the banking, some of the banking system issues, and that’s also affecting some of the speed with some of these things are processed. So it is a factor quite candidly, certainly not the largest factor, but something that we wanted to put aside, but it's not a huge factor at this moment.
Marie Ziegler: And you bet we expect that those very few customers who have delayed or not purchased because we’re not going to get the combine to them on a timely basis, we'll be definitely in the market for the most productive best John Deere harvesting equipment that we ever had available. And with that Tony.
J.B. Penn: Yeah so Ann it’s good to hear you, I think you mention probably what I would think is the greatest risk and that is continuation of adverse weather in various parts of the world. If we continue to have a prolong drought, then of course that's going to reduce output and keep prices high and effect farmers' bottom lines of course. Beyond that I don’t think there are any other big risk lurking like seed shortages or fertilizer shortages or things of that nature. I don’t see that. There may be some in various parts of the world, but they are very localized if they exist. So I think weather is probably the biggest risk that in the agriculture business that we can see at this moment. And I should note that South America is gearing up now as you know for the planting season, there is lot of enthusiasm there. They are looking to expand area and of course to take advantage of these very high corn and soy prices now.
J.B. Penn: It’s pretty clear that crop insurance indemnity paid to farmers will be larger this year than last year. There are no good estimates yet because the data are still being accumulated, but it will be significantly more than last year, I think everyone expects. Government payments from the commodity programs will probably not be as much this year as last year because prices are higher. And except for the direct payments which are made regardless of prices, those will stay the same. So I think we are mostly looking at gross receipts being made up of sales in the marketplace plus crop insurance, plus the little bit of government payments. So it’s a little bit mixed from last year, but not terribly different except for crop insurance indemnity.
J.B. Penn: No, I think you mentioned the reasons that North America maybe unique and it should rebound from this drought very quickly again assuming that weather is normal next year.
J.B. Penn: Well first of all, I think we should make the delineation between crop farmers and livestock farmers and I do want to point out that livestock farmers in certain parts of the country are very severely affected by this drought, and they don’t have interims available to the same extent that they crop farmers do. So they are seeing their pastures completely destroyed their hay crops are non-existent, so they are having a very severe adjustment process. The crop farmers on the other hand varies by region of the country as to how severely they have been affected and of course most have access to crop insurance so that’s going to make a big difference.  I think as you suggest the large farmers generally have better risk management programs both for natural disaster and for price and income fluctuation, so I think they are probably better geared to manage this adversity than some of the smaller farmers would be, but by and large, the high affect everybody who has got product to sale and it affects them in a very positive way.
