Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, let me share a few thoughts on the third quarter and our expectations for the rest of the year. First, it’s important to note the continued demand for ag equipment even as the industry faces uncertainty around trade. While farmer sentiment remains dynamic in this environment, it is critical to remember that we are still in a replacement market and farmers have shown continued willingness to invest in technologies that enhance operational efficiencies and produce tangible economic results. This has been evident in the initial results from our early order programs, which produced high take rates for our advanced precision features. While it’s still too early to form a complete outlook for 2019, we believe the continued ag equipment demand affirms both our significant investment in precision ag and our overall current strategy. Second, the solid levels of demand we are experiencing across our two equipment divisions have produced excellent cash flow generation year-to-date. As a result, we contributed 1 billion towards our pension during the third quarter in order to take advantage of last year’s higher corporate tax rate. Additionally, we announced a 15% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.69 per share on May 30 in order to build towards our desired dividend payout ratio that targets 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. In last week, during the quarter we repurchased $400 million worth of shares. These actions reflect confidence in our ability to deliver results even in fluctuating market conditions. Lastly, as global agricultural markets navigate uncertainty, the underlying fundamentals and tailwinds to our business model remain unchanged. Global demand for grains continues to grow consistently even as trade flow patterns readjust to accommodate various policy changes. Overall, we are encouraged by the outlook for the rest of 2018 and the early interest for our latest technology to come in model year ‘19 and we will continue to work on delivering strong results for the remainder of this year and beyond.
Raj Kalathur: And Jamie, on the cash use, our priorities have not changed and we are generating strong cash flows and expect to generate strong cash flows throughout the cycle as we have demonstrated in the past and again mid A rating is the most important investments for growth. And as John explained to see there actually delivering very good results and we will continue to have that as our second priority. And dividends, we have always said 25% to 35% of mid-cycle earnings. What I will add there is we have more room for growth and opportunity growing our dividends and when we see it appropriate that might be an opportunity there. And on share repurchases, as you know, we always think about the long-term minded investors and adding value to them when we repurchased shares. We have also set – we think our intrinsic values are much higher, so given the current share prices, you should expect us to be buying back some shares.
Raj Kalathur: Hey Steve, this is Raj. Let me add a few more comments to what Josh said. The situation right now is dynamic for the farmers and this can change. But as we see it right now the farm economic conditions between ‘19 you think about the crop fundamentals would actually strengthen for double crops like corn, wheat, cotton which outweigh soy situation, okay. And as result we forecast like total cash receipts a leading indicator for our large ag sales. For 2019 to be higher than for 2018, that would say absent all of these other noises that the demand will be up. Given the anticipated commodity prices and input costs, we would anticipate metric tons per acre for major crop farmers, large ag customers to be higher in 2019 than 2018. Now, for an illicit of Midwestern farm, say half corn, have beans, half land rented we see the economics is indicating metric tons per acre to be stronger, perhaps some even up to 20% above this year. Now, this would be the highest metric tons per acre that farmers would love seeing over the past 5 years or so. And on the cost side you were to say remember some of this cost is too high if conditions were more in equilibrium, okay? And if something changes, there is an opportunity for the cost to come back down and that can be beneficial, now it may go up if few things show up, but so overall the point being made is that the farm economics picture for next year may actually be stronger than realized because of improving commodity market fundamentals worldwide with little change in farm costs. Uncertainty surrounding the trailer market availability conditions may have distracted from the North American farm economics today. So thank you.
John May: So, first of all, I think a way to think about the take rates, Jerry is there is three areas where you are going to see this technology within our equipment. Number one, it’s included in our base cost of our machine and those would be things such as touch screen displays that have significant amount of software that optimize the vehicle’s performance based on sensor data and feedback that the machine is getting. We also see take rates and monetization on premium options and in your report you listed a couple of those one would be Combine Advisor or active yield. These are premium options that our customers make the choice to add to their equipment. And then the third area, where we see take rates across agricultural precision ag is in subscriptions required to fine-tune the machines if you will. And an example of that would be higher fidelity guidance systems for example moving to in our RTK based systems. Overall, across the all areas of technology we have seen strong adoption. Maybe let me give you a couple of facts I think you will find interesting. If you look at AutoTrack alone and you compare AutoTrack in 2013 which was the peak year for the production of agricultural equipment. To 2018, in 2018 we sold more AutoTrack systems than we did in 2013. If you look over the last 3 years and you look at each individual region, all four regions across the globe, every year we see an increase in the overall take rate and adoption of the technologies. So that makes us really excited that number one, the customers are seeing the benefit and greater productivity, improving the cross cost structure of their business, ultimately making them more profitable and that the technology is going to continue to have significant value to their business going forward. So we are excited for what we are seeing in take rates. I can tell you in the last few years it’s been more significant than we have seen in the past.
John May: As far as the inventory goes, I mean I think overall when we think about managing our inventories, particularly field inventories on a global basis, I think we feel good about where we are at in North America large ag inventories, we continue to manage well producing in line with retail demand. So, I think no major shift or difference there small ag as we have talked about, we have strategically built a little bit of inventory to ensure that we have got the inventory in the field, because of the buying patterns of those customers. And I’d say really rest of world I don’t think there is any significant change in terms of our view of inventory as we think about each individual to your product line or market.
John May: Yes, thanks for the question, Ann. If you take a look at the fact that we have 130,000 large ag, large production machines that are in the field today that we are connected to and they are streaming data to us as they are in the field. We have the ability based on the data we receive and a set of advanced algorithms to predict failures before they happen, communicate the potential of a failure to the customer and to the dealer. And then within minutes, the dealer could be on the phone with the customer, with the solution that’s part of that expert alert. Just to put it in perspective for you, if you look last year we just launched the technology. We had machines streaming in over 11,000 alerts that they were predicting before machine had actually failed, that has a big impact on quality and a big impact on uptime for our customers.
John May: Yes, I think this is John May. The only thing I would add is I think if you look at from a customer’s perspective and you look at the fact that when they acquire these technologies, the payback from their perspective is less than a year and there has been some recent reports out there that would show that in some cases the payback is within months, which generates strong productivity, strong profitability for our customers, which has a big benefit to our customers.
Ryan Campbell: Maybe just an expense, this is Ryan. ExactEmerge is our most productive, most advanced row units. And the take rates from an ‘18 to ‘19 perspective they are up 50%. So just to give you a kind of an order of magnitude of what we are seeing based on the technology and the high productivity that we are delivering and a lot of our crop care machines.
Ryan Campbell: And this is Ryan. Fourth quarter, just to clarify correcting for foreign exchange, we are right in that mid 20s range, which is consistent with what we have had for the full year.
Ryan Campbell: Yes. Some of the things that Josh talked about with respect to material obviously are hitting us. We have got the R&D step up that we have talked about. So the implied number is in the teens if you adjust for FX, you get to the mid-20s, which is consistent with what we have been saying. And then as Josh said the pricing actions that we have announced entering the marketplace should give us comfort and give everybody comfort that we feel good about going into next years from an incremental margin perspective.
Josh Jepsen: Andy, I think when we look at if you are looking about ag and turf for example on the materials side, we do see that impact in 4Q. 4Q from a year-over-year perspective would actually be kind of the higher impact as we think about those costs coming in. We have talked about the way our contracts are lagging, so you do see that impact in 4Q. I think importantly when you think about the full year our ag and turf margins have stayed the same in light of the fact that we have seen higher material as well as an FX headwind in the quarter.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. As you think about our commentary from last quarter, we would remain the same. The price actions we are taking from year ‘19, we expect to offset that material inflation that we have seen in ‘18 and ‘19. So that remains unchanged, so we feel confident in that. Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Jamie, I will start on the order book, so on the construction side, as Brent noted we continue to see order book extend. We are well into 2019. That’s really driven by what we are seeing from customer demand, contractors with backlog that are extending. So I will say good visibility there more than we would traditionally have as we think about 2019. I think for the most part we would be working into – through Q1 of ‘19. As you think about the ag side, the early order program John mentioned some, we are seeing that first phase. Even when you think about the timing of that first phase of the EOP that began in June, it ended in mid-July, so we tend to see more activity at the end of those phases even in the uncertainty that we saw that first phase ended up slightly higher. So, I think we feel good about the continued replacement demand that we are seeing drive that technology adoption, come through the business. I think as you think about tractor order book, tractors year-on-year were slightly ahead of where we were a year ago at this time on a higher production schedule. So, that would be positive as well.
Josh Jepsen: Adam, when you think about Europe, I think what we have seen there is this year, we have seen dairy margins, livestock margins have held in for the long-term average, which have been supportive. I think on the arable side, we have also seen improvements in margins. This year, you are starting to see some impacts from the drought. I’d say it’s very regional though. And where we have seen places that have not been impacted by the drought tend to be places that are stronger important markets for Deere. So I think that’s been impactful for us as we think about our fiscal year. I think that is a difference when you think about fiscal versus calendar year with some of the things that have occurred with registrations in our fiscal year, but not the calendar year. We have also seen strong wheat prices that are benefited European farmers as well that are helping to offset some of the downside that you have seen in say places that are affected by the drought.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think when you think about R&D, R&D is one that we tend to look at as more of a strategic investment in the business and somewhere where we take a lot of pride and the ability to continue to invest strategically in R&D, even throughout the downturn and today in technology. And as John mentioned we are seeing the benefit of that in the adoption of technologies. So I think that’s an area that we continued to invest in and probably not significant changes. SA&G, some of the things with deal costs, some of those sorts of things will roll off as you think about Wirtgen. And I think SA&G when you take out the acquisition side, we are flat on an organic basis on sales that are up high teens. So I think that’s an area where we have leveraged and as we have taken costs out we have been able to adjust there.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean this year I would this year we are up slightly. It’s about $75 million higher year-over-year. As our goals have shifted and change, it really depends on where we come in, so I would expect a significant amount of difference there.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Rob. Yes. I think the Wirtgen is when you look at the total change is a big piece of that. I think that’s just their business. They own their retail in a large part of the world and working through kind of the forecast there. So I think that’s the large portion of that. I think if you look at our forecast this quarter compared to last quarter, up slightly on ag and up slightly on C&F. C&F side really in line with what we are seeing on higher sales and as I mentioned earlier the order book extending into 2019. The other piece would be as you think about on the ag side is small ag is where we are seeing some of that increase. And on inventory that’s a business that is really driven more on overall GDP growth. We are continuing to see strong demand there. So I would say that’s the major driver there.
Josh Jepsen: I would say that’s really kind of across those different categories as we talked about 100 plus is a really wide category from large utility tractors through 8000, but I think we will – as we have shifted a little bit of our seasonality this year as we talked about some of the ramp-up issues and supply constraints we have got more production in the second half of the year on large ag. So we do expect that we are – maybe a little bit atypical from normal seasonality and that we will produce and sell through that in the latter half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Mike, when we look at Wirtgen, their business is performing as we expected, if not better as we talked about, we have seen actually margins have has stepped up over the last couple of quarters. The revenue guide was really just impacted by FX. And when we look at the order backlog there, it continues to be really strong. So as we look to their continued growth, I think we have noted in our slides we think that global kind of road building, transportation sector is up about 6% year-over-year and up higher little single – low double-digits, excuse me in some of the key emerging markets. So I think that’s continuing to perform as we would have hoped.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. We don’t have a lot of additional detail or comments there I think performing as we would continue to hope and expect.
Josh Jepsen: Seth, when we think about the fourth quarter, I think as we talked about there is FX headwind and you got some of the material and freight headwinds in the quarter. So that is particularly impactful in the quarter. I think as you think about going forward, obviously, we don’t have a forecast for 2019 yet, but we will have the price that comes in that impacts the cost inflation that we have seen. And as we have discussed, we expect that offsets the inflation material that we have seen in ‘18 and ‘19. So that will be impactful and beneficial too to our margins. I mean, if you look at our margins today full year, up just below 25% – around say 23% if you excluded the material freight impact, you would be at that about 35%.
Josh Jepsen: I think there has been a lot of focus on warranty and making sure we are continuing to get products to customers and they are having a good experience to us and we are reducing the cost of warranty and as you noted rightly, the reducing downtime which is particularly concerning. As it relates to our offerings, I will let John talk a little bit more about it, but certainly the – what we are doing on a predictive maintenance perspective does help in reducing warranty, because you are taking care of issues before they pop up, but I will let John maybe expand a little bit on that.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Joe. This is a good question. I mean I think on the construction side we have continued to see a pretty competitive market. As you pointed out and we talked about last quarter, we were planning some price actions – price realization actions in the second half of the year. We actually put those into effect as a discount reduction that took effect July 1. And we did see the benefit of that in July. So our expectation is we continue to see that benefit in the fourth quarter. And then as we started to think about model year ‘19, we will continue to look at – be market based, what’s going on, but also cognizant to the fact that you have got your material prices and other things moving up.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, that’s fair. I mean I think what we are seeing is the replacement demand is continuing. I think over this some of these months we are seeing some of the sentiment obviously be weighed upon with some of the trade concerns, but continuing to see that demand for equipment. And really I think what’s important is not just a new buyer looking for updated tech, the latest technology and productivity, but is working down through that trade ladder. So whether it’s the second third or fourth buyer, they are upgrading technology as well. And I think that’s really important in terms of what we are seeing. I think when step back and look at the fundamentals, really from where we are quarter ago, they haven’t necessarily changed in terms of cash receipts are relatively flat to where we were and demand for grains globally continues to grow and drive where we are at.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks Ross. I think to maybe start with the latter on the $12 billion of farm aid. I think have you been viewed positively as a short-term solution but doesn’t really address the bigger issue, which is getting a long-term resolution to some of the trade concerns. I think there is still a fair bit of uncertainty in terms of how that program will work in the three different components. You have got the market facilitation that’s the big piece, expect it to try to cover some of the impact of trade, particularly on soybeans, which is I think assumed to be the vast majority of those dollars and then the food purchase as well as trade promotion. So I think there is still a lot of questions, my understanding is I think later into August and early September, there will be much more clarity around how those programs come together and how those payments will transact, but I’d say right now, I don’t know that those are necessarily being factored in due to the calculus for farmers today. As you think about your question on kind of the technology take rates and what does that mean to margins, I think as we talked about, we are very, very encouraged by what we are seeing in terms of take rate growth as we talked about 50% higher on ExactEmerge, ExactApply 10% higher, some of those Combine Advisor active yields were nearly double our expectations this past year. So that adoption combined with the growth in engaged acres and some of these other pieces I think are promising. As we think about margins, we have not dialed in exactly what this means from a margin perspective or carve that out, but we do feel like it will contribute is and will contribute to margin growth in the future. Today, obviously, there is lot of investment going along with lot of these features, but we think there is economic value to be unlocked with our customers and that we will be able to share in that.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think it’s I mean a way to think about it. These are offerings that are margin improving for us and significantly margin improving for our customers.
Josh Jepsen: Alright. Well, we are at the top of the hour. So, we appreciate everyone’s participation and we will be available and do callbacks. So we will talk to everyone soon. Thank you very much. Have a good weekend.
