Rajesh Kalathur: Thanks, Brent. Before we respond to your questions, let me share a few thoughts on the first quarter and our expectations for the rest of the year. First, it's noteworthy that Deere closed the Wirtgen deal on December 1, representing the largest transaction in Deere's 181 year history. Wirtgen has continued to perform in line with expectations since the purchase agreement was signed in May of last year. Our teams are making good progress on the integration front, and are working on synergy opportunities in the areas of sales, cost reduction and technology. We're maintaining a positive outlook for the year as the underlying fundamentals continue to be strong, and Wirtgen's global order book showed a double-digit increase over 2017. Though Wirtgen probably won't contribute to Deere's reported profits in 2018, due mainly to the effects of purchase accounting, it will make a meaningful cash contribution to our results over the course of the year. Second, as the agricultural equipment cycle improves, it is being helped by a reduction in used equipment inventories, and by the impact of replacement demand, driven by customer need for new equipment. Deere's Ag & Turf business is benefiting from this situation, and is on track to deliver incremental margins in the 30-plus percent range for the year. Now, this type of financial performance is particularly impressive, considering the headwinds of material cost inflation and increased investments in R&D that we are planning. Regarding our ability to meet demand, we are working closely with our suppliers and logistics providers as they adjust to present conditions. We remain confident in our ability to fulfill customer demand over the course of the year. That confidence is reflected in our increased financial guidance. As noted, we've raised our sales forecast by 7 points to up 29%, our adjusted net income forecast has been raised to $2.85 billion, versus $2.6 billion previously. As a final note, we are encouraged by the improving outlook for equipment demand across our businesses, and look forward to delivering continued strong performance in 2018 and beyond.
Rajesh Kalathur: Okay. So thanks, Tim. Now, let me go overall. Our cash flow from operations this year is going to be about $4.4 billion, and this clearly brings your question in front. Now, first, as we have said before, our focus in the first quarter was to meet all the requirements for a smooth Wirtgen transaction. The first quarter is also usually when our working capital cash requirements are the highest. Now that we have managed through 1Q requirements, we can look at the next steps. And next, we've also talked about – we'll look at opportunities from U.S. tax reform. So we have time until we file our 2017 taxes, which will be due in late July or early August of 2018, to contribute to our pension plans and get a 35% deduction. While we do not have any current requirement for pension contributions, as our plans are well-funded, we're looking at this opportunistically, and may consider some contributions in fiscal 2018. Beyond that, you're right. Our cash use priorities remain the same, the mid-single A (00:26:29), which we think are some very good stead (00:26:32), our growth investments, then dividends and repurchases. With respect to dividends, Tim, to your question, we try to keep our dividends between 25%, 35% of mid-cycle earnings. And if you include the cash earnings from Wirtgen, yeah, we will be below the 25% level. So this will receive considerable attentions in the next few quarters from us. So from a share repurchase standpoint, and as we've said before, it's an essential use of cash and we are keen to ensure that we are adding value to our longer-term-minded investors with any share repurchases. So on dividends, again, yeah, it's something that we will be looking at very closely in the next couple of quarters.
Rajesh Kalathur: Hey, Joe. I will add a couple of statistics for your benefit. If you look at the orders you've gotten for the first 13 weeks of this fiscal year, it's about 40% higher than the same 13 weeks last year. And our order bank would be almost double; it actually is more than double where we were at this point last year. So very strong order book and order bank, and very strong end market demand for these products.
Rajesh Kalathur: So, Jamie, as Josh mentioned, we guided 38% in 1Q and ended up 27%. Think of all of it – almost all of it as (00:34:46) supply chain, because the end market demand is actually growing on us, not the other way around.
Rajesh Kalathur: I would say, you think of it as where would logistics make a bigger difference, where would labor availability make a bigger difference on a supply base. You have to think about the type of supplier more than our segments with respect to where the impact was.
Rajesh Kalathur: Ann, with respect to – just adding to what Josh said, you think about the improvements in Section 179, that was good for the customers broadly. Your point about like-kind exchange, but that's offset by 100% expensing, that's a positive for the customers, overall. Other positives, like estate taxes, Ann, if Section 199A stays as is; yeah, that could be a huge positive in terms of additional cash for our customers in the U.S. So you're all with me – as long as the customers have more cash that we think is beneficial to our business long-term. So generally, we see this as positive (00:39:38).
Rajesh Kalathur: Mike, this is something that's impacting the industry broadly and not just us. So that's something to factor in as well as you think about the demand, lost sales, et cetera., so.
Rajesh Kalathur: So most of the regions, as we have shown in our forecast, are either flat or up and with respect to small Ag and large Ag, they're both up. And as Josh mentioned, you take large Ag on a worldwide basis, we are still well below what we would say mid-cycle. If you take just large Ag in North America, and it's close to the trough that we talk about; and when we say trough, 80%, 100%, 120% (00:50:08), it's closer to the trough, in terms of large Ag North America.
Rajesh Kalathur: Yeah, let me clarify in terms of how we get to the cash flow; that might help you here. So if you look at our cash from operations last year, it was about $2.4 billion. This year we are saying it's going to be about $4.4 billion for the full year 2018. So the biggest component of course is the increase in net income on an adjusted basis, the pro forma, that's about $650 million from last year to this year. And then you have $300 million in additional dividend from John Deere Financial this year due to tax reform, okay? And there's another $300 million on a pre-tax basis, there was an OPEB contribution that we made at the end of 2017 fiscal year, and then there's about $200 million that was from SiteOne impact on net income last year that's not in income this year. So that actually is a better income this year than last year. And then, we also have included in it about $300 million in cash from Wirtgen, which is not in the net income numbers, okay? So that gives you an idea of how we go from the $2.4 billion to $4.4 billion. I think the same – the 50/50 forecast we have should apply on both sides, income and cash flow.
Rajesh Kalathur: Yeah. That would be the net income increase and the additional dividend from John Deere Financial this year due to the tax reform. So those would be the two components and just the increase from our previous guidance to now.
Rajesh Kalathur: And Joel, to add to what Josh just said, we've said €100 million in synergies over five years and a lot – 90% of that was from the cost side. We are still focused on that and confident we'll deliver that. Now, we're getting even more excited about some of the opportunities on the sales side, given Wirtgen organization's pulling some of these synergies now. For example, in Mexico City, Wirtgen had a – it goes both ways there. In Mexico City, for example, Wirtgen had a dealer and that's now possibly going to be our C&F dealer, too. In West Virginia, where they had a – Wirtgen actually had a gap in their territory, we have a very strong dealer, that dealer is going to take on the Wirtgen contract as well. So the sales side is seeing some more momentum than we had. And the technology side is another one that's – some of the technologies we bring, especially on the ISG side, the engineers in the working site feel – have very good potential, and they're pulling some of those type of synergies. Thank you for the question.
Joshua Jepsen: Jerry, what I'd add there is, there is significant amount of prioritization done there as you got seasonal products that are more important to get out in Q2. So where we've been able to, we've flattened our production schedule to accommodate this demand. And as Raj said, confident in our execution over the course of the year.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, Joe. When you think about C&F, I mean, obviously, the underlying conditions continue to be very strong. We're seeing that activity in our dealerships. We're seeing it with the rental business, and what we look to rental utilization, which continues to be strong. And really when you step back and look at that inventory and receivable build in the C&F business, that's largely Wirtgen, there's a small amount that is C&F-related. So we're really – from a field inventory perspective, stepping up a little bit, but that's really coming off of what have been decade-long lows of field inventories. Those were drawn down pretty aggressively in 2016 and then again in 2017. But I think as we look at the industry overall, continued strong demand across multiple segments, not just oil and gas, but also in the non-energy-producing regions. They continue to be attractive and driving investment in the business.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, Jamie, when you think about the tax rate, that $2.85 billion contemplates the 29.5%. So you're right in that the rest of your forecast is in that 25% to 27% range.
Joshua Jepsen: Not a clear quantification, Jamie. But obviously you see what – from our guidance perspective, what we expected to do on the top line in 1Q versus where we ended up. That's really the driver of that miss. And then, as you look forward to the raise overall in terms of our sales, that's not – it includes obviously the catch-up as well as what we're seeing from additional demand.
Joshua Jepsen: Operations, and just a little bit of tax, because in the original opening budget guidance, we guided to about a 32% tax rate based on some discretes that have happened that would have happened irrespective of tax reform, the number's 29.5%.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, we haven't baked in any synergies right now, although we're certainly confident that we're going to get them. That's purely purchase accounting. And so, what you saw, Wirtgen for this year has a little bit of higher purchase accounting driven by increased step-up than what we expected to inventory. Then that step-up increase in inventory which comes through the P&L this year, there's lower step-up related to amortization of intangibles. So you see that on an ongoing run rate, that that amortization is lower. So that's the only difference that you're seeing there.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, Ann, obviously from a company perspective, long-term this is beneficial. There are charges here that occur in year one, but long-term from a Deere perspective, favorable. As we think about customers, each individual customer and their situation is different. We'd say by and large, this has been viewed favorably as we've talked to customers. But every situation varies and I'd say, from a dealer perspective it's very much the same. As you get into some of the details, whether it's like kind exchanges or 100% expensing, there are puts and takes. And really varies on how their business is set up, and how they operate. So it's really hard to kind of broad-brush that with – what does this mean for all customers or all dealers. But generally, the feedback we've gotten so far is positive. And I'd point out, there's still revisions and components of this tax bill that are being written or contemplated changes, Section 199 is an example. And as those play out, we'll have a better feel, but right now, we feel like generally positive.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. We think there could be a drive to more purchasing as there are more known benefits of purchasing, whereas in the past few years there's uncertainty as to the tax benefit of purchasing, particularly when Section 179, for example, was not being extended or it was an annual basis. Thanks, Ann.
Joshua Jepsen: No. That's right, Andy. Really, the change there is related to some additional investments in R&D, and really focused, as Brent pointed out, in precision Ag and large Ag, which we feel like are important as we think about looking forward to not only gain share, but also drive margins.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. I think, we view it as really finishing relatively flat for the year. And one thing to think about too at this point, we have less visibility out as we go further through the year, and we start to do our spring seasonal EOPs and that kind of thing for our spring products, that's when we have a lot more visibility into how that looks as you go 4Q into 1Q of the following year.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. As you think about the Combine EOP, it did come in strong, so up double-digits, and that was on the back of what we saw, up double-digits on our spring seasonal products. So I think, continued strength there, and then you see that build in our forecast from our net sales increase. And really, what we're seeing there is – and it was mentioned earlier, but replacement demand in the way that we're – customers are talking about replacement demand and what's driving that. That's been a big question; what is driving replacement demand. We're seeing that come through really a few different areas; wanting and feeling the need to upgrade technology, getting improved productivity, and be able to hit shorter, whether it's planting, spraying, or harvest windows, the warranty period and really staying within their warranty or their extended warranty and really just overall comfort level with kind of where their machine's at. And I think as we've talked to dealers, as they've done kind of winter off-season refurbishments, they've noted that this equipment has put more age on. The further we get from those – further away we get from those years of 2011, 2012, 2013, there's putting a lot more wear and tear and hours on that equipment. So I think that's what's kind of manifesting itself here in some of this improved replacement demand. And then, outside of the EOPs, our large tractor order book year-over-year, we're out. We're further ahead than we would have been last year on a higher schedule. So for example, if you look at 8R tractors, we're out six weeks further than we would have been last year. 9R tractors, both wheel for 8R wheel and 9R wheel, would be out four weeks. So we've got quite a bit of strength there that we're seeing as a result of that.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, I think that's fair. You do have – as we talked about, mentioned earlier, we've seen some favorable mix, which has been positive, but then you do have the rising material costs as well as some freight costs that are impacting that, and then to a lesser extent, incentive comp as well. So I think, the way you lay that out is fair.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, I think, at this point, Mike, we feel confident that we'll be able to meet this demand over the course of the year. And again, to your point on time-sensitive things, that's where we're really focused on prioritizing and making sure those seasonal products, spring seasonal products, for example, that they take priority over other things, that their season is further out. So I think, that's the focus, and I would say we've been obviously working on that throughout the course of the first quarter and continue to obviously place a lot of time and resources to working through that.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, maybe starting at – kind of the latter part there. When we think about where we are from a (00:48:25) ops perspective, we'd say we're closer, much closer to that mid-cycle number than we were a quarter ago. Obviously, you've got the Construction side above that, and on the Ag side slightly below there. So I think that's – we're continuing to see strength, continued strength in the small Ag business, which has really been strong for the last few years and, as you mentioned, starting to see large Ag grow, and when you think about that, kind of in that framework, you still have large Ag in North America well below mid-cycle and really much closer to our lower ends of what we would consider the trough side. So lots of potential upside there as we come off very low levels.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. Joel, we're producing in line with retail demand on the large Ag side by and large, so no departure from kind of where we've been, where we ended 2017, producing that in line with demand, which is where we want to be, and continue to be able to run at pretty lean field inventory levels.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. I think right now when we look at that, we'd obviously – and as we commented on earlier, and Raj made the comment that – still early, but feel good about the synergies from a cost perspective and technology, and then, definitely do see opportunities from a sales side, and really identifying those. I think the approach there is going to be much more of a pull. And when I say that, I mean the Wirtgen sales organization pulling the Deere product that is the best fit for them and their customers into their channels, and not a push of – here's our entire portfolio, take all of that now.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. So when we say about pricing, you're right. We had forecast about 2 points, we came in about flat in the first quarter. And some of that is just timing quarter-over-quarter and how this plays out. I think, importantly, as we think about the price, the full year remains at 1 point. I think, what we've seen impact us is, as we compensate our dealers based on their performance and their market share and strong market share gains in 2017, when we reflect that into our plans for 2018, we've seen that move up and that has played an impact. But overall, we'd say that's really a positive thing, because we're driving share gain.
Joshua Jepsen: So what I would say is, we're still seeing a very competitive environment in C&F and have not necessarily seen those pressures alleviate over the last quarter; still a very challenging market from that perspective.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah. The Wirtgen change from 3.1 to 3.2 (00:58:36) is just FX. No change to the underlying business there. And the government investment is North America-specific, which is from a Wirtgen perspective the Americas are 25%, so it's not as material to the Wirtgen business as it would, say, to our C&F business, which is by and large more North American. So I think that's probably the biggest disconnect there if you think about how to connect those dots.
Joshua Jepsen: Yeah, so the emissions change happened last January, and really – and leading up to that, we didn't necessarily build inventory ahead of that. We were building, as you may recall in November, December, there was strong demand. We were seeing the early stages of the recovery there. So we were really building just to meet demand at that point. So we didn't have a significant overproduction that we then bled-off. I'd say we built that pretty much in line or as close to in line as we could based on the strong demand. And I think as we go into this year, we'd see, I think, more of the same there in terms of our plans. There have been – there was the, as Brent mentioned, the grace period got extended from 12 months to 14 months for the FINAME financing. That took effect in January, but was announced earlier. So you did see a bit of a pause in terms of retail activity as folks could wait a few weeks in order to get that two months of additional grace period. But we don't feel like that changes or shifts at all the actual underlying demand. Economics for the farmers continue to be strong, so we feel very positive there.
Joshua Jepsen: All right. Well, that wraps up our call today. We appreciate everyone's participation, and we'll be available for any calls or questions. Thank you.
Ryan D. Campbell: Hey, David, it's Ryan. And a couple things I'd ask you to think about it. One, it's early in the year, and given all the challenges that we faced, and while we still feel confident that we'll be able to work through that, we're seeing some inflation headwinds and other things that are coming at us. And so, as we thought about $2.85 billion as the pro forma net income number, we're contemplating all of those things in there. So you might not be able to perfectly reconcile everything, but at this point in the year, given where we are and given all the things that we're seeing in the marketplace, $2.85 billion is the number that we're comfortable with.
Ryan D. Campbell: Yeah, so we kept the full year Wirtgen. And keep in mind that for this quarter, it was only one month of Wirtgen activity, and so we're forecasting 10 months this year of Wirtgen activity. And so we really only have one month. I would say that their business, they do have a little bit of seasonality in their business starting in the beginning of the calendar year over the next few months. But essentially, there's nothing really to read into that. We've kept Wirtgen consistent ex-currency and purchase accounting, and just keep in mind, we've got 10 months this year.
Ryan D. Campbell: Yeah, Jamie, it's Ryan. What we tried to do with the pro forma is keep it somewhat pure to kind of how we would have looked at the business if tax reform never happened. So that produced the 29.5% that we calculated the pro forma with, with we came at 32% and there's been some discretes that have come through that now we're thinking of 29.5%. Certainly, as tax reform comes through, we're going to get a lower rate over time, and you can see in the slides where we're forecasting the lower rate.
Ryan D. Campbell: No. It does not. This is Ryan, it doesn't. So the model that we have that produces the $2.85 billion is based on the 29.5% full year, as if tax had not happened.
Ryan D. Campbell: Correct. That's right. So you could take – I mean, if you were kind of thinking through what that would mean, take the 29.5% and put it down to the 25% to 27% range, and then you'd get kind of the ongoing impact of that.
