Josh Jepsen: Thank you. Good morning. Also on the call today are Ryan Campbell, our Chief Financial Officer and Brent Norwood, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal '21. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note, that slides are available to complement the call this morning and can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission used by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the expressed written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks and all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the Company's plans and projections for the future, that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the Company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additionally, information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings, under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Brent.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Brett. I would say, I mean, when you think about the -- what we've seen from Production Precision Ag, when you think about mix, it's -- as titled, that's essentially Large Ag and you're seeing the continued integration of Precision Ag in that. So, I think that's one of the things that, as we separated these, and we think about how we're segmenting, is we're seeing a much probably cleaner view of pure -- what is Precision Ag and Production Ag. So, the integration of machinery and technology. I think as it relates to the performance, I mean, certainly, we saw volume pick up. Price, as Brent noted, was a significant driver in the quarter and that was on a number of different variables. But we saw the benefits of above average, just normal price increases, pretty significant adjustments we've made over the last year in overseas markets, as it's related to currency and some new products that came in middle of the year. So we -- you're seeing that impact. And then, as noted, the benefit of low inventory and strong demand driving lower incentive spending. So, as I think about, I think those would be the biggest drivers, particularly in the quarter, as it relates to things like R&D, where timing-wise, we're probably skewed a little bit to the later part of the year, that's just timing on programs and probably worth noting, when you think about that performance, ex the Brazil tax item, Production Precision Ag did about 19.5% and we'll continue to see, as a percent of sales, higher R&D in that segment compared to the rest of the business.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Jamie. As it relates to the order book side, we've made adjustments clearly compared to a quarter ago. We've seen sales move up as a result of that. And we've done things. We've added production. We've added some shifts in some of our large facilities, places like Waterloo, for example, and in some of our facilities in South America as well. So, we have made those adjustments. The real challenge and Ryan mentioned this, is on the supply side, there are components and parts that continue to be tight from a supply point of view. So, we're managing those really tightly. Supply management group is working really hard with suppliers day-to-day, some components are week-to-week in terms of what we're seeing from an availability point of view. So, those are tight. So, to the extent, we continue to see demand. We'll try to work to react to that, to the upside, but acknowledge, it's a tight environment as it relates to some key components. Relative to price and I think what we're seeing on the price side, certainly, we see -- we're seeing strong price this year, about 6 points for the year for Production Precision Ag. I think what is happening there, when you think about not just price, but what's happening with price and mix, is we're continuing to see average selling prices of our Large Ag machinery growing and that's through the continued integration of technology and solutions into that business. So, that pattern and trend has continued. And as we continue to be able to deliver those outcomes and we talked a little bit about it from both a sustainability and economic point of view, that is driving real value to customers and we're seeing that, as it relates to adoption and continuing to see the trends across most of our Large Ag machinery in terms of adoption of the latest tools.
Josh Jepsen: Jerry, I'll start there. As it relates to kind of the incremental benefit we see, I think that couple of points, 2 points 3 points of range is still very, very fair in terms of what we've been experiencing. The opportunities as we go forward to continue to see that or to see that move, I think, are there. As you think about increasing, seeing more sensing and acting in the field. So, you think about things like See & Spray that we've talked a lot about, but we see opportunities to go beyond that, beyond herbicides into things like fungicides, pesticides, other fertilizers and into other jobs, other machine forest planting, for example. And as we've talked about in the past, we were also -- as we continue down the automation journey, we're getting closer and closer to full autonomy. So, I say all those things to point out, as we do those things, those create more opportunity to drive revenue, as well as a more recurring base of revenue that we can add value job to job, pass to pass. As it relates to kind of where we're at cycle wise and what does this mean for Production Precision Ag margins, today, what we say is, we're just above, call it 105% of mid-cycle for Production and Precision Ag and middle of the range margin is around 20%. So, context-wise, we compare that back to 2013, that's when we were at, from a Large Ag perspective, well above peak, with roughly 16% margins at that time. So, we're doing higher margins on lower sales, and I think feel really good about the opportunity and the things I mentioned earlier, in terms of what drives opportunities for us. Those continue to be strong tailwinds with lots of runway.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Ann. I think when we think about the cycle, we're certainly coming into this, where we've seen demand inflect here over the, call it the last three, four months, coming into a position of very low new inventories, very low used inventories. So, that dynamic has certainly helped in terms of the starting point and the tightness were seeing in overall inventory levels. I think the lessons learned from the past cycle certainly play into that, how do we make sure we're not pulling additional customers in, pulling ahead demand potentially that would have occurred later on. And I think, as we look at 2021 right now, with demand that we're seeing, our order books, large tractors, for example, are into the fourth quarter and with the early order programs, they account for nearly the entire full year production. So, I think we've got really good visibility, but I think that it's a good indicator of the replacement demand that we've been expecting. And if that, we would see over the last couple of years, coming to fruition here. But, I think we are definitely working very closely with the dealers in terms of how do we manage the cycle, but acknowledge, right now we're early days in terms of seeing some of this demand pick-up.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think one other piece that will -- helps us there and we're very early, is in performance upgrades and the ability to upgrade existing machine fleets, which provide the ability to take, take a used machine, it could be a generation or two old and outfit that with updated equipment, which in some cases may alleviate some of the pressure on new, because you can get a significant amount of productivity at a little bit less of a total investment cost for the customer.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. As it relates to incremental margins, historically, we've talked about in the past, Ag and Turf being 30% to 35% kind of depending on how our mix sell. I think what we say now is, the Production Precision Ag side pushes at the high end of that range and in Small Ag & Turf, probably towards the lower end of that range. I think generally that's probably a good rule. I think this year, particularly Small Ag & Turf, we were seeing a pretty strong benefit of what was -- as you look at small tractors, in particular, really significant under production last year of retail and we intend to build a little bit of inventory this year. So, you're seeing a little bit of swing there, so that swing from under producing to overproducing definitely benefits the margin profile as well.
Josh Jepsen: Ross, when we think about present to mid-cycle, so, actually the Production Precision Ag and Small Ag & Turf are pretty much in the same range, kind of right between, call it 105% and 110% of mid-cycle. The C&F business is right around mid-cycle as well, like pretty nearly dead on. There is a little bit of mix impact in there, where compact construction equipment is much higher and we're obviously coming kind of, off of the bottom after 2020, from a construction equipment perspective. So, there is some variation amongst the segments there in C&F, but overall about mid-cycle. I think when you think about kind of our mid-cycle margins, certainly, we've talked a lot about the 15% continuing to focus on executing and I'd say in '21, a very strong first quarter and I'd say there's lots of focus on delivering the guide that we have this year, in the performance that we feel confident in, but I think post that, I think is when we'll start to think about what's next for the Company.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think what we're seeing from that business and what we've seen in the first quarter, kind of ex-items, about 19.5%, I think feels like strong performance for us. I think we're seeing some benefits of things like strong pricing and obviously the volume rebounding and operational leverage coming through, is solid and I think aligned with where we would hope it would be, knowing that we feel like we've got opportunity as we go forward. That businesses sees the majority of the headwind on material and freight, that Ryan mentioned, that weighs on the full year there as well.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Rob. When you think about Small Ag and Turf and you're right, I mean it tends to be a little bit less of story. What we've seen here is really, really solid performance and I think a starting point is, some of the actions we've taken from executing the new strategy, I think we're seeing the benefits in Small Ag and Turf. A number of the exits or closures that we did in fiscal '20 are benefiting there and those were mostly in the Small Ag and Turf part of the business. So, that focus is definitely helping. I think we're seeing really strong execution. Again, the benefit of moving from under-producing to slightly over-producing on small tractors, helps, where the pricing point of view is solid as well. I mean, when you think about small tractors and turf, those are going to be pushing much higher than call it that kind of between 105% and 110% of mid cycle. So, there is benefit there as well. Also, embedded in that is a large portion of Small Ag and Turf is in Europe, which is tended to be more stable market. So, we see a little bit less, less volatility there. And we've seen some strength in that market, which have been beneficial as well.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And I'm sorry, Rob, I forgot about your potion of your question, kind of what, what are the headwinds in the remainder of the year and not dissimilar, I'd say, all of our businesses have material and freight headwinds, the $500 million of material and freight cost that Ryan mentioned, is all really kind of 2Q through 4Q. I think, so there is a portion of that, that is impacting Small Ag & Turf. Price, we don't expect to be as strong as we move through the year, 2% for the full year compared to a strong first quarter there. And then the other, maybe two things I mentioned, R&D there similarly is a little bit back-end weighted, so you see that be based on timing of programs, impact the rest of the year. And there are some inefficiencies related to overheads with accommodation of COVID and supply challenges that we've got in -- embedded in the forecast, as well.
Josh Jepsen: Steve, when we look at the supply base, I mean I think that our team has learned a significant amount, as we went through what you described in that 2017-18 timeframe, as we went through tariffs with China and the early first round of COVID and we saw some of those impacts. So, I think the team has done a really good job and gotten much deeper in terms of understanding supplier-by-supplier, what are constraints, what are capacities and what are the challenges. So, that certainly helped. I think up to this point, we've been able to mitigate disruptions, but in some cases, I think there is -- we are week-to-week in terms of how things are operating and there are challenges. So, I think we're continuing to work closely there, trying to execute on the forecast and meet customer demand. And we've got ranges in the forecast for that reason, knowing there are certainly challenges that we're facing, we'll continue to face through the remainder of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Kristen. It's a great point. I mean, I think as we look across those different technologies, there is a varying range of adoption individually, where at the highest end, you think about something like guidance, which would be very, very highly, adopted and then maybe on the lower end, something like ExactEmerge, which is in the low 40s% so, varying degrees in terms of how deeply engaged our farmers are, across all of those jobs. But we think that's increasingly where we see the opportunity to drive that value. And particularly, when you start to think about additional opportunities, Ryan mentioned this a little bit, you start to think about the combination of carbon markets or differentiating crops because of the practices that are utilized and then our position of, one, executing the jobs, but two, having the operation center that documents those and can provide that information very seamlessly, we think that creates a pretty significant opportunity for our customers. So, when you think about not only the technology that we have in place today, those that are coming and then, what feels like just a burgeoning opportunity for some additional revenue, I think well-positioned our customers and we feel like we're in a really good spot too to be able to unlock and enable that.
Josh Jepsen: So, when you think about kind of regional performance, certainly for this along in North America, but kind of as we just alluded to and Chris alluded to in the previous question, there's still a long way to go in North America, when you think about actually stacking all of those different technologies on the farm and what that can deliver. So, that's just a bit of a caveat, so there is still a big opportunity in North America. And I think we're seeing it grow, the adoption grow, in places like South America, Brazil in particular, we've seen pretty significant growth in engaged acres last year. I think we were up something like 60% in Latin America, so continuing to grow there. And I think when you think by some of the challenges faced there, double crops, as well as the opportunity to get more efficient there, that will continue to grow and we're seeing our dealers embrace that as well. When you think about -- they've got now over 40 digital operation centers that are supporting their customer fleets. As we unlock the challenge of connectivity, that's a huge opportunity for us and we've done a couple of things over the last couple of years. most recently, an agreement with Qaro [ph] to provide access, better connectivity and bandwidth, we think that unlocks even more potential for the use of those tools. Europe has historically been a lot of guidance and I think we're starting to see some of that turn and shift towards more connectivity, engaged acres grew there last year, significantly like triple digits. And as you think about the potential impact of regulatory environments coming in Europe first, but probably other parts of the world, the appetite for precision agriculture and some of our tools when you think about spraying and others, will be particularly important as we go forward there. So, continuing to grow, feel really good about the position we're in and I think there is a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So first on the order side, I think we -- we haven't opened anything up into '22 -- fiscal '22 at this point. So, we're pushing out into the end of the fiscal year for large tractors, in particular. So we'll, and we haven't adjusted anything at this point, as far as timing of the early order programs, but you bring up a really good point in that, when we -- by the time we close our crop care early order programs, that was -- we were just beginning to see the inflection. So, if you think about kind of the low double-digit increases we saw in planters and sprayers, that was, mostly well ahead of kind of the inflection we saw here in the fall. So, I think, obviously a lot to play out, but that bodes well there, but we haven't adjusted timing at this point. As it relates to the sales increase from a former A&T in the Production and Precision Ag and Small Ag and Turf, really the percentage increases are pretty similar. So, if we look at those businesses year-over-year, they're both up call it roughly 20%. So pretty, pretty balanced between the two in terms of the increase we saw, compared to a quarter ago.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean when you think from a payback or an ROI perspective, we think about these tools and solutions, we've traditionally been in the year to two-year payback period and I think across those, that would be fair. Some of those are going to be much shorter, that we've seen in months compared to years of payback. So, I think as you look at those technologies that we've got there, I think it would be very fair to say, well under two years would be a reasonable payback period for what we're seeing there. So, I think that's where we're at. And I think what was exciting about it is, there is opportunity as we start to think about kind of what's coming next, to grow that, from both the economic value, but also delivering increased sustainability outcomes as well.
Josh Jepsen: So, Latin America and South America, Brazil in particular, really strong, kind of a lot of things coming together there that are driving really strong farm profitability in terms of production, FX, how it's moved, those have all been very positive. So, we saw this inflect in our fourth quarter, we've got orders -- we are ordered out through May into June, so strong, strong activity there and we're coming out of a period with 2020, where we ended with kind of historically low inventory. So, we're pushing there to try to not only meet demand, but if we can, we will try to build a little bit of inventory because we finished quite low. So, I think overall, South American demand, Brazil in particular really strong, customer is feeling good, dealers are very much engaged and the -- I think from a -- as we step back and not just think about South America, but I think the performance that we've seen this year first quarter and as we look at our forecast, we're benefiting from this really strong profitability from a global perspective of our business as well. So, that's helpful.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Courtney. I think when you think about the working the extra month, I mean it was -- didn't really impact margins as pretty much the extra month was kind of in line with where they are running for the quarter. So, no significant change there, didn't necessarily impact their overall guidance or the division's total guidance. I mean, I think when you think about our Roadbuilding business, I think we feel really good about what we're seeing there. Overall, we expect that to be up about 20% in this fiscal year. About half of that is the extra month, so say, underlying business up about 10% and when we look at the core Roadbuilding business, we feel like the margins that they are delivering are where we'd expect them to be. So, as we talked about feeling like that business is a mid-teens business, we're executing along those lines and feel really good about how that's progressing. I think when you step back, overall C&F, certainly, we think there is an opportunity as Wirtgen continues to perform, that, that will pull -- pull up margins, technology opportunity for us as well. In Construction & Forestry, we're very early on and think about how do we integrate that and we think that will drive performance there as well. We highlighted just an example on grade control and what that can do from a customer economic and sustainable impacts as well. So, those are the types of things we're looking at, obstacle detection, there is a few things that we feel like we can nearly copy paste into that division to drive better performance and continuing to be very focused on operations and executing very, very tightly in what is a volatile, somewhat cyclical business.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Adam. I mean I think the -- let me tell you on the $500 million, we haven't gotten to bright line there. But, of the $500 million, the majority are -- well more than half of that is PPA, Production Precision Ag, where we see that on the low end, it's Small Ag & Turf would be -- have the smallest portion of that, but impacting those businesses. As it relates to price, historically, we've not taken price solely based on commodities, we try to do that and be disciplined in our approach to price and pricing for value and those sorts of things. So, at this point, we haven't contemplated that. I mean if we step back and look overall, the price we're getting is offsetting -- more than offsetting the material, but does certainly have a drag on incrementals as we go through the remainder of the year and timing wise, I'd say it's pretty balanced over the course of the remaining three quarters.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Jamie, it's Ryan. I think what you're seeing there and what we've talked about is, as we've built this Precision infrastructure with the equipment, guidance, telematics, the John Deere Operations Center, now we're stacking on applications that have more of a software content on them, that are focused specifically on the jobs our customers are doing. And as that continues to adopt and our customers continue to adopt that, you get a higher software mix in our margin profile. So, that's another factor. To Josh's point on average selling prices going up, that's true, but also those selling prices include a richer mix of software.
Ryan Campbell: Annual, it's Ryan. Maybe I'll add to that. I think it's the total industry, including ourselves, having the discipline to make sure that those new customers we're providing new product for them, but also those customers that historically have purchased used and used makes more sense of them, to really be disciplined to continue to provide them with high-quality used equipment, so, we maintain that trade cycle and trade later throughout this upturn that we have.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Tim. It's Ryan and as we've said, the -- and you pointed out, we keep our dividend on a 25% to 35% mid-cycle earnings ratio and with the structural improvements that we have, we're probably below that range with the current dividend. And so, it's something that we're certainly thinking about and with overall liquidity situation of the Company, that's something we're going to take a look at, for sure this year.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Ross, it's Ryan. I do think it's fair to say, we're probably a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be, but we're heads down and focused on delivering this from a sustainable perspective and then in 2022, we'll take a step back and reflect on what's appropriate going forward.
Ryan Campbell: Rob, I think taking them -- taking the two businesses apart, I think, Josh alluded to, we focused on the Small Ag and Turf side with some of our fix and exit strategies and then focusing on markets where our value proposition makes sense, given the industry and market dynamics. I think when you do those things and think about capitalizing, the business is a little bit different, focus in the R&D portfolio a little bit differently. The results show that you can have great a great business in the small side and both of them are equally important for us to drive our strategy going forward.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, it's Ryan. I mean, we're also seeing the benefit and we went through the activity to look at kind of each position in the Company and how those positions worked over the last year and I think we're seeing the benefit, from a more focused and agile organization that we put in place last year and finished effectively with that, towards the end of last year.
