Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you think about used equipment, obviously, overall I assume you're referring mostly to large Ag equipment. So, as you...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you look at dealer inventory, certainly we took – last year, again as a reminder, we pulled a lot of inventory out. As Susan pointed out in the opening comments, we're down pretty significantly year over year. As we ended the quarter this year with receivables and inventory, we're down almost $2 billion year over year for Ag & Turf. And certainly there's a lot of conversation about used equipment levels as well. And we would tell you, as you look at large Ag in total, certainly, we're always concerned about used equipment. If you ask us are we more concerned today than we were three months ago or six months ago, the answer would be no. We continue to be very focused on that. We believe we're materially in better position than our competition. But we're really focusing on lowering those used inventory levels, but also protecting resale values as we do that. So we believe we're on the right path. We feel pretty good about the direction we're heading with used equipment, but certainly we have a lot of work ahead of us in terms of continuing to pull that down.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I would not characterize that as a significant improvement, really, in any of our businesses. I would argue it's a bit of a tweaking, as Susan pointed out, refining the forecast. But certainly, we have not changed our outlook on large Ag business. We're continuing to see that down closer to the 40% range in the industry, and so not a significant change really anywhere, but certainly not with large Ag.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, so I'll take the first question. If we want to talk about currency, we'll have to someone get back in, either get back in queue or we'll have someone else pick up on that. As you know, we don't disclose specific guidance in terms of dollar impact from raw materials. A couple years ago now, we switched and started providing guidance on overall cost of sales. But certainly, that has been a benefit in the first half of the year. I would tell you as you look at the second half of the year, certainly for Ag & Turf, but really on the overall business, it's slightly less benefit in the back half of the year. Now before anyone gets too excited about that, it's not that we're implying that steel costs and other commodity costs necessarily go up. If you think about the timing of our general purchases and our production on any year, we tend to build inventory in the first half of the year sequentially, and then it comes down in the back half. So you tend to get the benefit earlier in the year in some of those material costs. So continued benefit from material costs year over year, but if you're looking first half, second half, there is actually a slight difference, a slightly lower benefit in the back half in our implied guidance. Okay.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So if you look at the margin, I think Susan pointed out on the call, we are looking for C&F margins to be about 11%. For the full year, Ag & Turf would be about 8%. So no change on C&F from our prior forecast, a slight increase actually for Ag & Turf; we had previously forecasted about 7%.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: As you look at receivables and inventory, and specifically we'll start with Ag & Turf, as you look at the change in the forecast from last quarter to this quarter, I would tell you it really – it does not relate to the U.S. and Canada. It relates to receivables and – both receivables and inventory outside of the U.S. and Canada as well as some FX impact quarter over quarter. But it's mostly about those receivables outside of the U.S. and Canada. But it's implied already and not to be forgotten that we pulled a lot of receivables and inventory out in 2014 as we ended the year, and certainly in our initial – in our original budget guidance, we had a pretty healthy level of receivables and inventory continuing to come out on Ag & Turf as we seek to under-produce the retail environment through the year. So we have under-produced year-to-date and we would continue, especially as we go into the back half of the year, we'll be under-producing the retail environment and continuing to bring those field inventories down, both on new as well as providing some additional support that way for our dealers on used equipment. When you think about C&F, remember we talked about it early on, much of that increase and some of that is because of higher sales, of course, so I don't want to imply there isn't any increase in field inventories. But much of that has to do with the change in some of the terms, and we think that will drive some higher levels of receivables. And really the reduction you saw in the quarter had more to do with a refinement of what we think that impact will be from those terms changes versus really any kind of significant expectation in terms of a change in actual field inventories. So that's really what's driving most of that as we look towards the end of the year.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Our expectation for 2015 is certainly to produce under with the hope that in 2016 we will be able to produce to retail next year. Now again, that's making a lot of assumptions on what 2016 would be as well. But what I don't want to imply is that, as you look at that reduction in receivables and inventory, that there is any kind of signaling of what 2016 may or may not be because, again, that change was not related to the U.S. and Canada.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: That's a great – a tough question at this point. And actually I think if you look at the U.S. and Canada markets, for example, and I think it really implies the overall commodity market in general, if you talk to our Chief Economist, he would tell you we're really in kind of a year-to-year type of mode right now. And as frustrating as it may be for people to hear, it really is about what happens this summer with the current crop that's in the ground. If you're going to assume another year of better than average weather, where yields are above trend yield, then certainly it's going to be a challenging argument to make that 2016 would certainly improve really anywhere around the globe. If you look back at what would the implications be of trend yields or a little less than ideal weather or average weather and you see below trend yield, then that story changes pretty dramatically because we would argue that you're not – while you certainly have ample supply of commodities and you're seeing that reflected in commodity prices, there isn't a glut of commodities either. And so if you under-produce demand going into – through the 2015 crop and going into 2016, we believe prices will be very responsive to that and cash receipts would recover in that type of environment, you would see sales begin to recover as well. But that's as close to – and I can't pinpoint a certain geography, specifically, but I would say that's probably a pretty consistent global statement that we would make, okay.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: You bet. As you think about order book, I think in general we would continue to say, versus our forecast – obviously, we're forecasting a much lower level of orders, but versus that forecast, we continue to be in very, very good shape compared to last year in terms of the order coverage. And certainly combines at this point in the year with the early order program we're well over 90% covered and the bigger question tends to be things like large tractors. If you think about 7000 Series tractors, today we would be – really 7000s, 8000s, and 9000s for this year we're out into early October in terms of availability and these are the wheel tractors, not track tractors so across the board on wheel tractors we'd be early October. Last year, on 7000s, that would have been late August. 8000s would have also been early October, so consistent. And on 9000s, it would have been mid-June...
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: ...in terms of availability. So our order book is actually – on, again, much lower order level, our much – expectations, but as an availability perspective in very good shape. I didn't mention the track tractors. Those would also be on 8000s would be out into early October. 9000s would be in August, which would be a little bit behind where we were last year. Last year, we would have been out into September.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Sure, that's a great question. Certainly you're right, we are seeing a move towards more leasing. We think some of that has to do with giving some of the lower margins customers are facing. And as well as – so again, when you purchase the equipment, you tend to get a better advantage from a tax deduction perspective. So as margins are a bit lower that isn't as attractive always, but then there's also questions around Section 179 and bonus depreciation. Will we really have that or not? And so we think that's factoring into some of those decisions in terms of a move towards leasing. Really as we look at it, the key here is making sure that residuals – and I think as you imply, making sure that residuals are valued properly. And that tends be what we focus on, as you know. We tend to be relatively conservative on the setting of residual values. We continue to do that. Today, we certainly evaluate those on a regular basis. We haven't had any kind of write-downs or accruals that we've had to make against the residual values of that leasing portfolio. But that's really where the risk is. It does move some risk to the financial services organization in the sense of if residuals would drop dramatically as they come off of lease that could create some challenges there. Couple things I would point out, though, related to that is, one, while it's increasing it's still a relatively small part of our total portfolio. So just to keep that in perspective. And the other thing is, and it's one of the reasons why it's so important for us as we manage used inventories in general to make sure we're protective of the – of pricing on that used equipment. Not only does it help – the value of that used equipment. So it helps certainly our dealers. So it's supportive there. But it's also supportive of the financial services organization in the sense of making sure we're protecting those residual values as we go through this downturn and as we continue to focus on moving those used equipment levels lower. So it is a balancing act in terms of looking to reduce those and still being protective of those values. So anyway, thank you. And we'll move onto the next caller.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think it's important to point out and remind you, as Susan pointed out I guess in her comments, that the reduction really is not related to the U.S. and Canada. It's more about sales outside of the U.S. and Canada as well as FX. Within the U.S. and Canada, certainly we're seeing in those areas that are heavily influenced by energy, certainly seeing lower orders and business slowing down somewhat, but the overall market continues to be fairly attractive in terms of what we saw at the beginning of the year as well, again, as a reminder, coming off of a very strong 2014. So as you see those growth rates slow as we go into the back half of the year, remember we move into much tougher compares in that division. But when you look at markets like Brazil, and I just mentioned that in my last commentary on the Ag sector, and I would say certainly the overall business there is down significantly. While we have our new facilities and we continue to look for market share increases in Brazil as we go through 2015, those market share increases just are not going to offset the impact of the overall reduction in the industry. And so again, those are some of the – it's probably the major reduction quarter over quarter is what our expectation is in Brazil. But a variety of overseas locations really have weakened, in our view, over the quarter. So that's primarily what's driving that difference.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yes, so competitive pressure certainly, we talked about that with the Ag & Turf division, and it's not a surprise given the level of inventories that our competition has. And as a reminder, we went into the year on large Ag, as you look at inventory as a percent of sales, about half of where our competition was. We would continue to say on large Ag equipment that our inventory levels are, as a percent of sales, about half of what the rest of the industry would be. But certainly that puts pressure because those inventories need to come down, and so you do see some pricing pressure. There's a variety of methods that they may choose to use to do that. And certainly, we continue to see that – we talked about it last year in Construction & Forestry, both on our dealer sales as well as with the independent rental business, a lot of pricing pressure. And I would certainly tell you, year over year, that pricing pressure has not reduced. Now we still continue to forecast, even in that environment, a two point price realization. That's for the enterprise, but I would tell you both divisions are contributing to that, both Ag and Construction. And so while it's a tough environment, we continue to focus on bringing value to customers and enable us to get some of that price realization.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: So as you think about row crop tractors, I think the first thing to keep in mind is the data that's made public is 100 horsepower and above for AEM data. And we would view in terms of row crop tractors that breakdown to be more 180 horsepower to 200 horsepower and above. So when you look at the AEM data, it gets clouded because you have our 6000 Series tractors in those numbers. You have some of our 5000 Series tractors in those numbers. And certainly those are tied much more closely to the livestock industry. We've talked about year over year seeing some strength in livestock, and so that does cloud that picture. And I would point out those 6000 Series tractors come from Germany. And so while we talk about building to retail order, that is on large Ag, so that would be our 7000s, 8000s and 9000s and that certainly is the case on those. So I think that's part of what is causing maybe some of the confusion. The other thing to keep in mind, too, is what's reported in AEM is what inventory the dealer owns at the end of the quarter – or at the end of the month. And so you do get some distortion. Not all of that is inventory or stock at the dealer. You can have retail sold inventory or tractors that are marked as retail sold pounded in those numbers. So from the day it ships from our factory until it's delivered to the customer, it does get reported as dealer inventory. So again, that can distort things. And I'd also caution any time, and we've talked about this for years, to be very careful about looking at any single month. And especially this year, as you look at year-over-year comparisons through the second quarter, remember last year our 7000 Series tractors and 8000 Series tractors were converting to Final Tier 4. And so you had different levels of inventory as you prepared for that transition and certainly as you came out of that transition. So it can distort the year-over-year comparison. So we would continue to tell you from a new inventory level perspective, we're quite comfortable in large Ag. We continue to have the lowest levels in the industry. And that's not expected to change as we go through the year. Now again that being said, as we talked about earlier, we are under-producing retail which we think will help lower inventories even further as we go through the year.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: I think probably as you look at Europe from – maybe the most noteworthy thing is you're starting to see at least some glimmers of hope from just a general economy perspective in some countries. But if you look at the Ag industry, we didn't change the overall outlook, and, I would say, from a country by country perspective, really not any kind of significant changes. It's a year that's really moving forward fairly consistently with what we had anticipated early on. So again, just not really much noteworthy in terms of a year-over-year change.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yeah, unfortunately I'll have to take – I'll take the first question. And as you think about the myjohndeere.com, certainly it is being used. Things have gone well with that from our perspective. Obviously, we continue to work with our customers to improve that process, but it is online and it is gathering data. And I think it's mostly being used, obviously, to gather prescription information and download into the machines given that it's more planting season. And certainly, we'll use that. I would expect customers to use that on the back half of the year as they gather harvesting information as well. So again we think it's off to a good start and feel pretty confident that that's going be a real value enhancer for our customers as we move forward.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: First of all, I want to make sure I point out, by the way that gain was implied in our forecast last quarter as well for the year.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Yep. Thank you. The next call – our next question will have to be the last question we can take for the call, so.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Certainly, we would continue to look at from a cash perspective. Our CapEx would be one area we'd continue to look at, although we did pull that down quite a bit. You continue to look at options with SA&G and R&D. We talked about, when C&F went through their super-trough in 2009; when you get into levels that you didn't anticipate you tend to also find levers that you didn't necessarily anticipate. And depending on the perspective, we kept R&D pretty flat year over year in our outlook, and so that would be something you would continue to look at. And that's – as we've said all along, that's something you balance in terms of long-term need. That wouldn't be necessarily a desirable lever, but you – we would continue to look at those things that we could pull out as we go through the year. But it would – I would also point out if you see a large incremental drop, that creates challenges given where our capacity, where our facilities are at today in terms of percent of capacity utilization. And so, but again, we certainly – as we look at the outlook for next year, unless you're going to argue for better than average weather, it's hard to argue that you're going to see a significant drop in commodity prices given the strength in demand that we continue to see on commodities. So that would be one area I would make sure to remind people, so.
Tony Huegel - Director-Investor Relations: Okay, with that, we will conclude the call. And I think it's important maybe to step back a little bit, too, and think about the year that we're forecasting. As you look at our guidance for 2015 and put that in perspective, in a historical perspective, as you look at what we're forecasting for equipment operations net sales, as you look at what we're forecasting for cash flow from operations in equipment operations, as well as our EPS overall, it puts us in a top five year in all three of those categories in terms of what this guidance provides. And when you put that in context of where our largest business, where the end markets went this year in terms of the significant drop, we think that's really demonstrating again the power of the overall portfolio, the strength of that SVA model and our ability to continue to drive very solid earnings even in lower end markets. With that, we'll be around for the rest of the day to take any additional questions you may have. Thank you for participating.
