Tony Huegel: As Susan mentioned, as you think about the way we view the business and the below 80% and as you're aware, that would put us below trough levels as we tend to be the business running generally between 80 and 120. As you think about the obvious question how long will it last, will things get worse, first of all, let's be fair, it is a bit premature to think about what will happen beyond 2015. But in some of the analysis that's been done internally specifically around from our Chief Economist and again we continue to believe that farm cash receipt is the best indicator of sales in the US and Canada and specifically for large ag it would be tied much more closely to crop cash receipts, which we've seen come down quite a bit recently. But our Chief Economist had pointed out that much of that increase in the US corn stocks that we've seen is related to a bulk normal weather, and that's resulted in yield really well in excess of trend. If you look out into 2015 and 2016, so the crop that will be planted this spring, if you assume trend yield, so just normal weather, not above normal weather, but normal weather trend yield, assume demand continues at same pace as 2015, so no increase in demand, holding demand solid, even if you assume acreage stays the same, you would see a drawdown in US corn carryovers as a result of that. The demand would outpace the production. And of course, as you're probably aware, most analysts now expect US corn farmers to reduce acreage somewhat next year. So if you assume smaller acreage trend yield, that would be very supportive of both corn prices and would likely boost cash receipts.
Tony Huegel: As you look at the early order programs that we based the forecast on, again these would relate to large ag equipment except for large tractors, so things like combines, sprayers, planters, tillage equipment. We've certainly seen a reduction, but keep in mind also that we have seen a number of changes year-over-year in these programs. So if you think about combines, last year we had an early order window ahead of the typical early order program related to tier-4 transitions. Sprayers also were impacted by transitions. Planters we had a fast start program, so again kind of an extra early order window. So there are a lot of differences year-over-year. But given that we look at early November, most programs are down 40% or more on the early order program. That again is not making any adjustments for those year-over-year differences where we saw some more aggressive orders early on with these products. But those are types of numbers that we're seeing. Certainly tractors, as you look at availability on large tractors, that's a bit more challenging, because there we have a significant different year-over-year in our daily build rate. And so availability isn't necessarily that significantly different. The biggest difference would really be on our 8R wheeled tractors. But outside of that, availability is pretty consistent year-over-year. But again, to be fair, that's on lower daily run rates. If you think about used equipment, certainly as you come through a period, and we talked about this quite a lot, of very strong sales, that's going to result in high levels of used equipment. And certainly we continue to face that. We are working with our dealers to improve and we continue to improve the used equipment management. We talked last quarter about the certified preowned program that was launched in August. That certain gained some traction and helping with the situation. But to be candid, we're still facing higher levels of used equipment than what we would desire moving into a year like we are in 2015. But I think in the past, our dealers have demonstrated their ability to move that equipment through the system and certainly we have pool funds in place to help facilitate that as well. Probably most importantly, as you look at pricing year-over-year, through the year we saw some reduction. We're starting to lap some of that production a bit and saw prices come down a bit in the year. We're starting to lap some of those lower prices. So most of the large ag equipment, you're plus or minus a single digit in terms of year-over-year pricing. So it has moderated at this point at lease for Deere. We would tell you at least intelligence we show would indicate that our pricing and our inventory levels are in much better shape than the competition.
Tony Huegel: As you think about next year, obviously depending on the market that you're talking about, you have more or less visibility. Kind of going back to Steve Volkmann's previous question, as you think about large ag in the US and Canada, however, while we don't have full visibility at this point, we certainly have a much better visibility in this market for that large ag equipment than we would in any of our other markets through our early order programs, the availability on large factors, those sorts of things. And I would tell you that our forecast is very much in line with those expectations. To your point, there's always risk, but we would attempt at this point in the year to come out with what our best estimate is for the market based on what we're seeing in our order books and what we're hearing from dealers and customers.
Tony Huegel: As you know, Steve, we have implemented, especially as it relates to large equipment, a pool fund strategy that's been in place for a number of years now that would provide the incentives that we believe our dealers need to move this equipment. And so we do continue to monitor the level of pool funds available to dealers. We think they're still at supportive levels. And so in terms of for us when we move into these lower end-markets, you wouldn't see us necessarily with higher incentive costs related to this, because again theoretically the pool funds are there and already available for our dealers to move this equipment based on what we've contributed with the new equipment sales that have driven the use. So I would say I wouldn't anticipate higher overall incentive budget as you move year-to-year other than what's natural. You'll naturally see a little bit higher percentage as you move into lower end-markets, but you won't see a huge increase or really much of an increase at all in used incentives necessarily.
Tony Huegel: That's a great question and glad you mentioned it, because it does look on the surface like field inventories and our inventories are going up pretty dramatically at least relative to the sales level. What I would tell you there is there have been some changes in some of the wholesale terms on C&F and really they're changes that better align us to the market. As a result of that, we believe that will result in a little bit higher level of receivable. In fact, most of that increase, the vast majority of that increase is actually receivables. But I want to stress that not a huge increase in the field inventory levels is really a difference in what gets financed with John Deere financial versus maybe some other outside financing entities.
Tony Huegel: That would always be our intention. In fact, I would point out we had very large decrease, especially in the fourth quarter, as we pulled back on production. So a lot of what maybe some had anticipated in lower receivables and inventory in 2015 actually happened in early 2014, which builds a little bit to the cash flow story in the sense of some pointed out the lower cash flow in '15. But remember, we ended '14 $500 million higher than what we had been forecasting, and that was all driven by a greater reduction in inventory and receivables than what we had been forecasting. So we've done a lot of work already, but certainly has some additional work as we move through the year. So absolutely we would expect to have our dealers in good shape from an inventory perspective as we exit 2015. We think we're in pretty decent shape today as it relates to that. In fact if you look in the appendix of the slide, we do talk about some of our inventory as it relates to row crop tractors and combines. Generally as you know, our large ag equipment, we tend to be about half of what the rest of the industry would have as a percent of sales. We ended this year at 6% the end of October 6% of trailing 12-month sales. We don't have the October data yet for industry, but if you look at the September data, the rest of the industry will be almost six times the level of inventory we would have on combines at the end of October. And I recognize you get a month of difference there. So I'm assuming that you haven't pulled back their inventory during the month of October. But that's a significant difference and one that we would expect to continue to maintain.
Tony Huegel: Unfortunately, we'd never disclose that. We would be higher in the bands and certainly would be looking to move those inventory levels toward the bottom end of the band. And unfortunately, I just can't share much more than that. From a competitive perspective, we don't share those details.
Tony Huegel: As we talked about, certainly there is a little bit of a lag factor in terms of how lower sales would impact the portfolio of John Deere Financial. In fact next year, we would be expecting some increase in the portfolio even with these kinds of decreases. So as you think about the average life of the note generally is around three years, even though they're five-year notes in most cases, but you'd have an average of about three years. So there is again that kind of tail, as those high sales years continue to benefit the portfolio. I would also point out that as you think about the slope, and we talked about our structure line, of the structure line for John Deere Financial is much flatter, but you don't tend to see even as you move in and out of cycles as dramatic of an impact on their returns as you go through the cycle. So while you could argue if you're going to assume lower portfolio growth or reduction in the portfolio, you'd see some lower income. You wouldn't expect to see the type of magnitude that you see on the equipment side.
Tony Huegel: Not in our outlook. So just as we said in recent conversations, we continue to assume that they're in our forecasting, we're assuming that there is no extension of the tax incentive. Now at the same time, we would also continue to tell you that we believe the odds still favor an acceptable resolution. Candidly next week will be very telling in terms of whether that will happen this calendar year or whether that's something that will happen in the 2015.
Tony Huegel: As you think about pricing into next year, and I would point out both Ag & Turf and Construction & Forestry are contributing to that number. So they're both positive. We would tell you that certainly we feel pretty confident in the forecast that we have with the price realization. And keep in mind, as you look back over the last decade, it's actually been closer to 3%, actually a little over 3% on average. So we are recognizing a little bit lower level of price realization than what we've seen in the last decade or so on average.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, with tier-4 transitions and so on, some of that is about timing year-over-year of when those hit in terms of the price increases. Generally we would just now start seeing our price increases being effective 1 November. A year ago, you could have seen some products with some earlier price as we moved through the year. In fact, as we talked about the 8R and 7R tractors, we took a short-term price increase and then another bump when we went to final tier-4 as one example. So sometimes the timing of those will impact the year-over-year quarter. So I wouldn't imply anything by that 1% in the fourth quarter being reflective of lower as we move forward. As you think about the decremental, certainly as we talked about and Susan strongly hinted at it in her opening comments, remember that in our first quarter in particular, we have a very difficult compare with the first quarter of 2014. I think we talked about it actually on the last quarter call as well. Because of tier-4 transitions, we shipped a fair number of more combines in particular in the first quarter last year than what we typically would. And that is obviously not going to repeat itself this year. And so it will be a difficult comp. And I would argue that you should expect the decrementals to reflect that in the first quarter for sure.
Tony Huegel: I think I mentioned it when speaking with David. Keep in mind that when you're looking at the '15, you have to also look at what we did in '14, in particular in the fourth quarter of 2014. So we have dramatically reduced in the fourth quarter the level of inventory both within our Deere inventory as well as our field inventory levels. And so we've done a lot of work already. We talked about reducing our production to keep our manufacturing in line with what we're seeing in retail demand. And as importantly, remember that we've done a lot of work in recent years as we have moved to the built-to-order strategy to again really reduce our field inventories in both good years and not so good years. And so we don't have as much work as perhaps some of our competitors, certainly what we would have had historically in terms of heavy levels of field inventory that needs to get draw down as we move into these cycles. Part of the strategy in terms of being able to continue to provide the type of strong returns is that we would expect throughout an entire cycle even as we move into a downturn. And so I think as you look at our returns next year, that's reflective of that. We're very confident in the level of inventory and receivables that we currently have forecasted at the end of 2015. Of course as we go through the year, we'll refine that and we'll make changes as we look and start to get better visibility of what 2016 is going to look like. But at this point, we're very confident in that forecast.
Tony Huegel: I think the short answer to that is as we're certainly forecasting a higher provision level, and Susan mentioned it's really more reflective of the fact that we have been at unsustainbly low, we tried to communicate that repeatedly that we were at unsustainbly low levels. I would maybe turn that around a little bit and say it is absolutely not or should not be taken as any indication that we have weakness in that portfolio. It continues to be a very strong, very sound portfolio. We're not seeing really increases in our past due rates or anything of that nature. It's just recognizing that we aren't going to stay at these historically low levels as we move forward. So there's not much more I can say on that.
Tony Huegel: Our volumes would be slightly lower, yes, because we are bringing down receivables somewhat in the year. That's the $375 million.
Tony Huegel: Certainly last quarter we talked about it. Raj mentioned in his comments that with R&D, we would be balancing both the desire to pull levers as well as recognizing our need to continue to invest in our business. And so effectively holding that flat is a reflection of that. As you look at SA&G, while you could potentially argue that you were apparently anticipating a little higher level of reduction. You also have to look back and recognize what we did in '14 and in particular as we started to pull levers in the fourth quarter. So I would just tell you similar to receivables and inventory continue to look at both of those together in terms of the two years combined. So instead of looking at just what we did in '15, recognize what we did in '14 as well.
Tony Huegel: I think you're potentially correct in terms of what's going on there. Again, we are looking for the lower end markets. Our Group there would tell you moving more towards typical or more normal levels were coming off still a very high level than 2013. So the market is still strong. It's still a very attractive market for us, but it is coming down a bit more off of those '14 levels. I wouldn't ever read much into monthly numbers, if you will. Certainly there is some speculation that farmers will be buying ahead of the announcement on FINAME, simply because there is uncertainty. And generally, what we would expect and what most are expecting is that the FINAME rates will stay close to where they are currently, so flat to up slightly, maybe 50 basis point improvement. That's really what we're assuming is in that realm. I don't think there's anyone assuming they're going to go down. So that's part of the reason why you may be seeing a little bit of pull ahead now in anticipation of what may happen. So flat to slight increase is what we're anticipating for FINAME.
Tony Huegel: As you think about trough levels, to your point, as we look at the market and to be fair, keep in mind, as you pointed 2006, we adjust what we view as normal levels every year, as we grow our market share, as we enter new markets, those sorts of things. So it isn't a static number as you move forward. And certainly we've seen growth in our business since 2006. By the way, the A&T forecast would not be at 80%. That should be below 80% in our forecast. I think from a confidence perspective, again it's our best view of the market. It's how we are currently interpreting that. I think if you look historically as well in prior downturns, to expect another significant step-down next year would imply you'd have three years in a row with pretty strong reductions. That would not be the norm, as you look historically. In fact there's only really one period if you look from 1965 forward where we saw three sequential years of lower sales. And even in that scenario, one of those years, I think, was less than 1% down. The other two were a little bit higher step function down. And so given all of that, given how we view the market, given where we had seen things from a historic basis, our view would be that the risk of 2015 sales certainly being down significantly from this level is relatively small.
Tony Huegel: I would tell you the biggest downside risk would be that we would have incredibly positive weather again and that you would see trend yields moving forward. J.B. Penn, our Chief Economist, you know well, would say that normal weather even you would see stock levels come down, commodity prices move up. And that would be supportive of cash receipts. So again, we think that while there's always risk, we think it's really very, very low.
Tony Huegel: We don't guide on parts revenues, but similar to Financial Services, we would point out that the slope is much flatter on parts. So you move in and out of downturns and upturns, it will fluctuate with the market, but not as dramatically. So I can't say much more than that really on parts. Generally I would tell you that most of our assumptions, as you think about industry relatively in line, the biggest one that we always talk about with industry is Brazil at this point. Certainly we would continue to anticipate market share growth. The other thing to always remember with Brazil is that industry outlook is only looking at tractors and combines, not the other markets. And we do have a significant amount of our sales coming from things like sugarcane harvesters and planters and sprayers and that type of equipment. So with that, we're over a little bit and I apologize for that. So we'll go ahead and bring our call to a close. And we appreciate your participation on the call. And as always, we'll be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have. Thank you.
Raj Kalathur: You've been talking about the end market demand for commodities. That has been growing strongly since '96. And if you look at corn prices are very sensitive at low stocks-to-use ratio levels. And we are talking about even in the '14/'15 period about sub-15% stock-to-use ratio levels. And as Tony said, at trend yields, it is hard to see how our current large ag forecast for fiscal 2015 can last several years, let alone get worse, unless and again our Chief Economist would say, unless we can predict very good rally years continuously for multiple years.
Raj Kalathur: First, 2015 operating cash flows are still pretty strong. And as you know, Andy, our use of cash priorities, they are well articulated. We remain committed to these priorities. And of course, for share repurchases, it is a use of excess cash. And for that, we desire for repurchases to be value enhancing for our long-term shareholders. So we are mindful of the current share price relative to our intrinsic value. Now share repurchase decision will continue to be made with these factors in mind. And if you look at 2004 through '14, 60% of equipment operations operating cash flow was returned to shareholders either via dividends or share repurchases. And over an extended period of time, we expect to continue returning this level of cash to shareholders.
Raj Kalathur: I would add that the way we're preparing for it is pretty aggressive in terms that we're preparing for a greater fall in ag than what may actually happen. And again, the philosophy if at the end the ag end markets prove to be more resilient and positive, it should be easier for us to walk up with the market. And if you look at what we're doing in terms of pulling levers, as you heard in Susan's comments, we are pulling levers pretty aggressively whether it is on the expense side, SA&G. If you look at what our forecast was in 2014 at the beginning of the year, 4% down to at the end of the year in 2014 12% and '15 it's going to be further 5% down. And inventory receivables even at the end of the third quarter, we said we'll be down about $300 million. We were actually down $1.2 billion. And that should show we are actually pulling levers pretty hard on expenses, costs and assets and you can go on with capital expenditures, you'll see a similar trend. Every agricultural unit is executing our plans to walk down the line. Look at the large ag units, they're implementing crop plants. So we are aggressively reacting to it.
Raj Kalathur: On R&D, while it's flat, if you look at within it the components, the portion that's coming off of the emissions, that will be allocated more towards either production innovations or more towards continuous improvement. And the continuous improvement part should help us in the cost reduction side.
