Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some closing thoughts on 2019 and then provide an update to some key initiatives we have underway in 2020. In summary, 2019 was a challenging year with respect to losses in our lease portfolio and managing through midyear production cuts in large ag. However, the measures we've taken position us with greater flexibility to respond to market conditions in the future. As mentioned during our comments, we've taken actions during the last half of 2019 to reduce our inventory position, and address the performance of our lease book. Specifically, as it relates to U.S. large ag, we entered 2020 with the lowest inventory to sales ratio over the past several years, allowing us to produce roughly in line with retail demand in this important market. For leasing, the changes we are making to our programs will enhance the long-term sustainability of our leasing business model. Now, as we shift our focus towards 2020 and beyond, we've recently launched some key initiatives to help us better execute our strategy. As we mentioned during the third quarter earnings call, we initiated plans to create a leaner and more efficient organization with an increased focus on the areas of our business that provide the greatest potential for differentiation -- differentiated customer value. Throughout the remainder of fiscal 2019, we completed targeted measures to streamline operations and headcount, incurring cost of $30 million. These initial actions in 2019 were the start of a broader effort to produce a more agile organization that enables quicker responses to changing market conditions. This initiative will also place a greater emphasis on the acceleration of our precision technologies and aftermarket strategies. In line with these objectives, today, we announced a broader voluntary separation program for eligible salary employees. The cost of the fiscal year ‘20 program is approximately $140 million and contributes to an annualized savings run rate of approximately $150 million when combined with the initiatives taken in 2019. Furthermore, we are undertaking an assessment of our overseas footprint as we work to serve our customers more efficiently. We will provide updates on our plans throughout the year during our quarterly earnings calls. As a result of these actions, we intend to drive the following outcomes. First, a streamlined organizational structure with reduced layers reset to focus on delivering technology and innovation at an increasingly rapid pace. Second, these actions will drive capital allocation decisions that further prioritize markets, products and services with the highest potential for differentiation, as well as advance our solutions offerings focused on improving customer outcomes throughout their production systems. Lastly, we’ll accelerate our capture of aftermarket parts and services, leveraging our dealer channel and unique tools such as connected support and expert alerts. In addition, we'll continue to focus on the successful integration of Wirtgen and realization of synergies while leveraging their market position and roadbuilding to offer customers a more complete solution. As a final note, we acknowledge the uncertain environment we are operating in. However, we take these strategic measures as the beginning steps to reshape our organization and capitalize on the tremendous opportunities in front of us, particularly as it relates to precision technologies.
Ryan Campbell: Jerry, it’s Ryan. Just a quick thought on that. It took over a decade for us to move AutoTrac from a feature and option into base machines. As we think about adoption of precision technologies, some perspective, Combine Advisor, this is year three. And we're moving it into base.
Ryan Campbell: Hey, Rob, it's Ryan. This is -- I would view it as a journey to reshape our portfolio and our business towards the areas that we've talked about with respect to where we can differentiate more than potentially other areas. And that's really with production systems, agriculture, precision agriculture and aftermarket.
Ryan Campbell: Andy, the voluntary separation costs will be incurred in the first quarter. The benefit obviously will go throughout the year and then full year run rate benefits will be in the following year.
John Lagemann: Yes, Josh. But, I’d like to make it clear that our product portfolio has never been better. We like our go-to-market strategies and we're certainly not planning on losing any market share from that perspective. So, we feel very bullish about our share position going forward.
John Lagemann: Yes. I’d just like to augment. This last year, the weather, I've never seen the weather conditions more adverse and really more unpredictable. And the ExactEmerge technology proved to be really a game changer. When you consider that -- one or two days could make a difference, whether a guy got his crop in or not. And it really proved itself. And then, I think on the Combine Advisor, if you think about some of the conditions that they face this fall, I think the ability to set those settings and then have them automatically set in the field proved to be really, really valuable. And then, on the premium activations, Josh, I think that just shows the precision piece of the technology here and how important that is, when you consider inch by inch accuracy. But, this year has proven to be a very solid year from a way to augment what they really do.
John Lagemann: We’ve made some pretty significant improvements to the overall order fulfillment process on small tractors. And, frankly, with those changes, we're confident that we can bring the inventory down, as you mentioned. So, I think, it's a combination of factors.
John Lagemann: Josh -- and as we planned our transition strategy, we had intended to do this to sell out the current model and then transition into the new model. And I can tell you that there's demand on the current model since it's sold out. But there's a lot of excitement on the new ones. So, actually, the transition is going just as we had planned.
John Lagemann: But we have not made major changes to the RVs. I mean, we've tweaked it a little bit to fit the market, but not major changes.
John Lagemann: Yes. And once again, we made and we made some pretty significant improvements to the overall order fulfillment process. So we're confident we can respond quicker to retail demand. So, I think the word optimization is spot on, Josh. 
John Lagemann: I'd like to repeat the comment I made in my opening comments that with this weather situation being so unique, there's a pretty good possibility that our early order program on combines will be back ended. We don't know that yet. So, that's why we're a little cautious, but we think there's a good chance of that as farmers complete their harvest and assess their income situation, we think there could be some year-end buying, but we don't know that yet.
John Lagemann: Yes. I think that's a great question. And in fact, we are seeing good growth in the aftermarket. Our dealers are reporting part sales growth, absorption growth, et cetera. So we are seeing some larger bills as they come through the system. And we think our connected support approach that that Ryan alluded to, we think that's going to really help the dealer be proactive with some of those service opportunities. So, yes, as the fleet ages, we are seeing some pretty good sales growth on the aftermarket side of the business.
John Lagemann: And we were seeing tank rates increase to the point where we needed to do that because it's a fundamental improvement to the overall combine, the way it functions. So, we think that's a positive, the way we’ve transitioned that into base so quickly.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I'll start. Yes, we would say the programs that Ryan mentioned, we would have embedded in our guidance today. So, that's included in terms of the cost and the run rate savings. As you think about Ag & Turf for the next year, the big question in your comment on, are we seeing material prices, steel prices improve. We are seeing those come through and starting to improve. Now, maybe a little bit tampered by the fact that we under-produced in the back half of '19 and our production’s lower going into 2020. So, not maybe as big of a benefit. But, we are seeing those prices come down. I think, the other thing to note on, as you think about our margins is, we are seeing higher pension costs, a little bit higher incentive compensations that are impacting us, and then some overhead as we bring in new product programs. So, we introduced a couple new products at AGRITECHNICA. So, we will be -- we're in the process of bringing those in. So, there is some impact on overhead spend as we integrate those and launch those in the year.
Josh Jepsen: The only other thing I'd add there on the precision side is, we're seeing continued growth in engaged acres. So, we are north of $165 million engaged acres. So, that is that has grown and not just in North America, but we're seeing that grow overseas as well. Brazil's a market where we've seen significant growth there. So, we feel really good about the trajectory of those take rates, particularly as we introduce those features in other geographies like South America, but on top of that, what we're seeing from the ops center and folks engaging with those digital tools to plan, monitor and analyze their operations.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Rob. Thanks for the question. I'd say, this is -- this certainly is strategic in nature, and I'd say, not a one or two-quarter event. So, I think over time, we'll continue kind of executing on this path in terms of looking at our cost structure, but then also how do we best and most efficiently serve our customers all over the world. So, I think, we’ll -- as we continue to execute on the plans, as Ryan mentioned, we're undergoing assessment, we’ll provide updates, but I think that's a little bit.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Mig. I think, when you think about that, I mean, we are seeing the large ag market come down. So, it's not small ag alone. So, we are seeing top line there. The benefit of the actions we took last year is we're able to produce in line with that retail demand. So, that's positive, but still it's at a lower level. As you think about the small ag side, and what we're doing there on the under production to pull those inventory levels down. That's really as we think about where do we need to be in the selling season, and what are those inventory to sales ratios. And roughly, we're talking about probably about a 10-point reduction of those inventory-to-sales ratios on where we want to be. So, there's some movement there, but that is that is the biggest portion of the underproduction.
Josh Jepsen: No, I’d say more broadly. So, essentially 100 horsepower and below. So, you're talking about compact utilities plus utilities.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think, first and foremost those are things that we're working on regardless of end markets, and that's precision ag, after market opportunities, it’s activities on the cost structure, it's executing and integrating Wirtgen and our synergies there. So, those are I’d say the big piece of where we see the margin improvement coming from. As we think about what does the end market do, we're not contemplating a huge swing back in terms of improvement, for example, for large ag.
Josh Jepsen: Andy, that's fair. I would say, there's more of that impact in the first part of the year, certainly as you think about some of the costs, so the under production. And you're right, the comps would get a -- would be more favorable in the back part of the year where we did significant under production in 2019 in large ag.
Josh Jepsen: We're effectively -- I mean, we've got the schedule laid out and we've sold out, as Brent mentioned in his comments or John mentioned, we've sold out that that level of production that we have. So that's full. So, it really doesn't impact what we would execute on in the first half of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Steve. Yes. So, when you think about C&F on price, as we talked about, or it was in our press release, we're expecting about a point of price in 2020 that compares to about 3 in 2019. And as we discussed throughout this year, C&F did 3 for the full year. That was much more front-end loaded where we took some price actions at the end of '18 and the early '19. So, we saw a lot of that come through in the early part of the year. But strong price performance, given where we’ve been. Now, certainly that’s a market where we always watch what's going on, understand not necessarily the price leader. So, we'll continue to monitor what we're seeing going on from a competitive perspective. But, we think we're able to deliver that 1%, which is a good thing for that business.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, sorry. Yes. We expect retail to be down around 5%. And certainly, as was noted, we will do some underproduction, a mid-single-digit underproduction in construction in North America as we align inventories in that business.
Josh Jepsen: We did. So for the full year, we talked about -- a quarter ago, we said we were going to -- for the full year high horsepower North America, we under produce at mid-single-digit. We actually ended up under producing by high-single-digit as a result of executing the production plans but then also strong retail to close out the year.
Josh Jepsen: I think -- so, retailer is lower, first off, if we go from ‘19, ‘20, retail is lower and we're going to produce to that level. But that level is lower than where we would have been in -- that level is lower, just when we compare the years '19 to '20. So, we're going to produce in line, even after the underproduction that we did in '19.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. What I’d tell you is we are -- the lower retail that we see in '20 versus '19, producing at that is still at a lower level than what we saw in fiscal '19.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, I think when you think about '20, it’s probably a little bit lighter in the first half as we talked about, we got some of the under production, some of the things on small ag, small tractors in particular that impact the first half of the year. So, I'd say a little bit lighter first half versus second half.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think we would say, there's an impact of the model changeover certainly. And I think, that’s -- Brent and John have commented on that in terms of -- that has impacted where orders are and we're not taking orders. So, certainly, we do expect some orders that come in on the existing model. So, I think that's the component. As you think about where we are in relation to last year, 8000 series, 9000 series, we're a month to two months further out in terms of availability. But that can be variable on what the underlying production schedule, right. So, that's not absolute when we compare those. But we are further out. We have more visibility this year than we do -- than we did a year ago at this time.
Josh Jepsen: I mean, there's probably a little bit of impact, but I don't think it's significant. I wouldn’t say significant as that changeover happens, really kind of at the end of our second quarter into the beginning of our third. So, I wouldn't think it would impact meaningfully our kind of seasonal shift there or seasonal split.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, certainly we think the opportunity on synergies is yet to come. There's a lot of work and we feel good about that €125 million. But we're not -- we haven't seen a lot of that making its way through from a margin perspective yet. What I would say is some of those synergies are having some impact. A good example is, we talked about this year of integrating order fulfillment. So, this year, Wirtgen did do some underproduction on some Wirtgen models as well as Vögele models, which have been impactful in terms of their margin performance. So, that's impacted their margin as we did do some underproduction to right size inventory there in some models and some markets. So, there --- that had an impact on Wirtgen margins for the year. I think as you look around the globe there, North America has been pretty steady from a roadbuilding perspective. Europe has been relatively stable, kind of flat, maybe a little bit of caution in a market like the UK on Brexit. I think, if you look at emerging markets and other markets, that's probably where we've seen more of a weakness, China, we've talked about places like Argentina, Turkey where we've seen more incremental weakness. So, still feel really good about the business, really good about the integration and the synergy opportunities and continue to find more opportunities to leverage and work together. So, we'd say on track, certainly we took some steps with the underproduction this year and we've got some factory startup going on that's driven some inefficiencies but feel good about the future there.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Courtney. I'll start there. I mean, I think, if you think about, as our lease terms have gotten longer, they tend to be in between three and four years. So, you've got a little bit -- a little bit, you’re not talking about brand new equipment. As you think about which division, if we see -- we saw it across both divisions, and maybe if you just go back to -- we made some changes to our lease book in 2016, where we reduced residual values, we encourage longer term leases, and we saw some of that benefit. We saw the benefit in '17, we saw in '18 as well. As we got into the latter half of '19, we saw kind of the market uncertainty impacting the recovery rates as we were remarketing this equipment back through the wholesale channel. So, that resulted in some of the impairment that we disclosed, and then the changes that John mentioned today. So, there's been a combination of those things that have impacted this, but we have seen it in both divisions. So, it's not a just one division or the other.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. In its first year when it moves in base, it'll still be coming through mix, not in our price realization number. It would not have been in the comparable model last year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think I'll start, this is Josh. I think, certainly, the weather and the delayed harvest has impacted EOP combines in particular, certainly -- we would acknowledge, we have less visibility there because of the delayed seasonality that we're seeing. And that’s led us to probably be a little more cautious in terms of how we're viewing the market and our overall guide as a result of that. Now, I think tractors good visibility, as we mentioned, really driven more by some of the changeover in product. But those are the key things I would mention. I'll ask John to add in.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think, maybe one thing there to call out is when something used in the base, it's not free. When a feature moves into base, base price moves up with it. So we don't give up that pricing opportunity or margin that goes with that.
Josh Jepsen: We’re at the top of the hour. So, that'll be our last question. We appreciate all the interest. And we'll be around to handle questions. Thanks, everyone. Happy Thanksgiving.
