Tony Huegel: Yeah. I mean certainly you see that, and it was forecasted to see some loss on the sale of equipment and again, it was largely according to forecast. If you look at that year-over-year, it was roughly in line with what we incurred last year, so really no elevated level of losses coming from those leases. Maybe I'll just – some of the other things that we're seeing, volumes actually showed year-over-year in the first quarter a slight decrease, so that's on operating leases, which are pretty good sign, as well as when you think about return rates, we're seeing those return rates also stabilizing. And I'll further note that as you think about going past second quarter, we largely get beyond that headwind that we've been experiencing with those 12 month leases. And we'd have significantly fewer as we go through the second half of 2017, which again assuming the performance on those longer than 12 month leases maintain or improve, would actually bode pretty well for operating lease returns again as we move further into the year. So hopefully that helps and we'll move on to the next caller. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: I think as you think about new equipment – and where we've really talked about through 2016 and even in 2015 is as we ended the year, the target was to have inventories in line with our current retail sales environment. And so, the real difference this year is, we aren't seeing a significant decline in that retail environment year-over-year as we had both in 2015 and 2016. And as a result of that we're able to produce largely to retail demand. Obviously there's going be puts and takes by individual products. But as you think about large Ag in total for the U.S. and Canada, we're producing in line with retail, which does give us some year-over-year benefit obviously in our sales as we're able to do that. So really the answer to your question would depend on what happens to the retail environment. In a year where you start to see the retail environment improving, that's when we would consider starting to lift that inventory level in line with that. But, again, we're in pretty good shape. Now I think your question was specifically around Ag & Turf. And I'd point out for C&F, we ended the year and, again, we talked about this last quarter, if anything – inventories at our dealers were actually maybe a little light versus where we would normally have them. And that's where you have some benefit potentially if you start to see some recovery in that market, you'd certainly see some inventory coming back in for C&F. Again, if we see that industry really starting to improve.
Tony Huegel: I appreciate that question. Certainly a 7% increase in Construction & Forestry for the year is what we're currently guiding. We did see the industry – our industry outlook improved a little bit certainly from where we were at original budget, but really what we saw in the quarter was a very, very strong order book. And that's what's driving that confidence in terms of where that outlook improved. Now I'll go back to the previous comments. A lot of this is really the benefit we're seeing in those higher sales and large part is the fact that again, inventories at our dealers ended the year at very, very low levels. And especially compared to the industry, our used equipment at our dealers are actually in very good shape as well. So that does give us the opportunity and, again, some additional optimism that we'll see those sales pull through for the fiscal year. Again, I used the term cautious optimism earlier related to operating leases, I think we'd say the same thing with Construction & Forestry, certainly seeing some optimism, but cautiously viewing that simply because of, to your point, some of the experiences we've had in recent years.
Tony Huegel: Right. And I'd remind you that some of that is there's optimism that comes in, and we've talked about this all along. Because of where our inventories are at, if our dealers start to sense that there is any kind of improvement in the market, because of the significant destocking they did, there would need to be some additional stocking. And so again, you're seeing that reflected at least in the short-term in our order book, so.
Tony Huegel: Specifically in Ag, and actually I'll look at the slide that we showed, there's really very little change for Ag when you think about the fiscal forecast, still forecasting inventory/receivables combined down $125 million. What I would say is I think on the margin we saw some slight improvement across the board geographically with the exception of South America, as you pointed out, not enough really to shift the overall industry guidance, but I think again on the margin, some slight improvement in the underlying industry. But certainly from our sales perspective, we saw maybe a little bit more growth there in terms of market share anticipation in the year.
Tony Huegel: Sure. I'm not going to be able to give you specific numbers, but keep in mind large tractors do tend to run a little higher than combines. And some of that's just the significant seasonality of combines and the way we use the early order program versus tractors using the more sequential traditional type of order book. So again, you do see generally a little higher level of orders. But what I would say is, similar to what we said in the past, really what is driving that elevated level would be what we would consider midsize livestock-oriented machines that are in that kind of 100-horsepower to 200-horsepower. It's not what we would consider large Ag in the 220-plus range. Those are in very, very good shape from a new inventory level perspective. Again, keep in mind, as you move into lower horsepower ranges, you also have a bit of a shift in our stocking strategy. So we've talked about on the very small stuff, we tend to run with higher levels of inventory as a percent of sales simply because those tend to be a bit more of an impulse buy. And then as you move into that midsize, certain products within that midsize range are going to mirror a little bit closer to what we have with small Ag, and others are going to mirror more what we do – lean more towards what we do with large Ag. So you do get a little bit of mix there as well, and so that's really what is driving those levels. We are moving some of those midsize livestock-oriented type of products, is where we're seeing most of the inventory reduction in the year that's forecast. But again, I think generally you see a little bit higher stocking strategy on those versus the very large equipment. So hopefully that helps, but let's go ahead and move on to the next caller.
Tony Huegel: As you think about – again, we've talked about this quite often. In North America, we certainly have our best visibility. And so when you think about large Ag in particular in North America, we do, as I just mentioned, have early order programs on combines and other seasonal equipment. So certainly that combine early order program in most years is 90-plus percent of our annual production. That ended during our first quarter, and so we have very good visibility on combines. I'll assume the next question on that will be how did it end? So I'll go ahead and give you that now.
Tony Huegel: And we did on combines ended up single digit year over year, and again, I think it's reflective – a couple questions ago someone mentioned the combine inventory position, and that certainly is reflected in that strong sales. On large tractors, again, we run a more of a traditional sequential order book. And there I would say, as you look at our 7R, 8R, and 9R tractors, it's a mix, but generally in line year over year from an availability perspective. So what we mean there is if a customer comes in today and orders a tractor, when would that next availability be. So some are a little further out year over year, some are a little closer. 8Rs, for example, are actually a little behind from an availability perspective, three to four weeks. Last year it would have been end of May, early June, and this year availability is early May. But then you look at things like 7R tractors, and they're a few weeks ahead, as are some of the 9R tractors, so again, in general, running very much in line. So I would say our visibility is pretty good and our order book is very comparable year-over-year in terms of what we're seeing today versus the forecast that we have in place. So again, I think we'll obviously have even better visibility next quarter, but on large Ag pretty good visibility for the year.
Tony Huegel: Again, we don't comment in terms of the order book specifically on tractor because it's simply a different type of ordering program in terms of not using an early order program. But as it relates to the dealers, our dealer distribution especially in North America on the Ag side and the Construction as well, for that matter, is actually in very good shape. As we've done a lot of work in recent years, with that dealer network seen a lot of consolidation. Generally, those dealers of tomorrow in particular, their margins are very strong. They utilize parts and service to really cover a significant portion of their fixed cost, which help them as they go through leaner complete goods years, like we're seeing over the last several years. And so that's really helped us maintain again a very, very strong dealer network. One of the things we've talked about, as you go through a downturn, often it does provide a good market share opportunity for us as we tend to manage our inventories much better than the competition. So we're in a better position that way. Our dealers tend to be much stronger. We've had additional investment in product, so really expanding that technology gap between our product and customers. So when you do see that market returning, generally that's again some of our best market share opportunities. And we would expect the same to occur as we go into future years here.
Tony Huegel: Certainly we would have that factored in. And I think as you look at our sales versus the sum total of the guidance that we have for industry, I think certainly that's reflected in those numbers, so.
Tony Huegel: Certainly when you bring out new product you always hope that that drives some market share gain. Livestock again, I think you've certainly seen some higher margins, especially through the fall months. You're going get a varying range of what could happen as you move through the year. But I think, as many people are aware, we do use Informa economics as an external consultant there. And generally, I think they would see the feeder cattle market seeing some improvement in margins as we go into 2017. Again, not forecasting the very, very strong margins that we saw a couple years ago, but certainly seeing some improvement. Same thing really for the pork industry. Poultry has remained pretty positive although as production has increased, you see a little bit of erosion in some of those margins. But, again, staying positive. I think, what I would point out is, across the board, on all of those commodities, there is a healthy level of export demand anticipated for U.S. producers. And I think that's probably one of the bigger questions is, does that export market actually happen or not. And so, if you want to point to risk, I think there would be – that would be the major one we would point to, but certainly today in the forecast, we would anticipate margins to stabilize and maybe even slightly improve across the complex. Okay.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. I mean I think as you think about Europe from an inventory perspective, certainly not a major concern there. I mean used in pockets would be elevated. Places like the UK with exchange, sliding a bit there. Actually it's helped the used equipment market. That was the area we previously had been pointing to with some elevated used, but you'll see pockets there. But from a new side, actually pretty good shape from an inventory perspective. It's a market that's kind of languished a bit over the last several years in terms of slight up, slight down throughout the region, and really kind of forecasting that as we move through the year. Now one of the positive signs, as Josh pointed out, is dairy now after a year, a year-and-a-half of really having some – creating some headwind in that market appears in current forecast anyway to maybe be seeing some recovery. Now that likely isn't going to drive equipment until maybe later in the year, but really into 2018 assuming that that recovery continues. So again, as usual, kind of pockety, but inventory largely is not really a concern from that perspective. Thank you.
Tony Huegel: That's a very good clarification. It does not necessarily imply that we're – even if we've same availability that you have flat sales year over year, they could be higher, they could be lower.
Tony Huegel: There are some markets where we do have a little higher level of direct sales to large and very large customers. Brazil would be a market that we would highlight in particular. We have talked about commissions to dealers in the past, and it's usually in environments like this, where you're seeing sales in Brazil really elevated. And so again, in order to compensate our dealers as those sales go directly there are commissions paid to those, those instead of being booked as part of our net sales, actually accounting rules would require us to book those as SA&G in again sales commission. So that's largely what's driving it. You see it a little bit in U.S. and Canada. But again, mostly what you're seeing in the quarter was driven by Brazil.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, first quarter is, again, a very light quarter, and rarely do you see the first quarter drive the full year. Some of that gets into comps year over year as you think about the progression. But again, as you think about pricing, we've talked about over the last several years, even when it's been a point, it's been closer to 1.5 points, and that wouldn't be unique this year versus some of the other years. So again, what we'll see as we go through the year how that pricing works out. And as we talked about earlier, what happens with C&F could drive some of that as well, if the market's competitive environment lessens up a bit, I think that's where we would hope at some point we would see some better pricing.
Tony Huegel: Certainly as you get into the back-half of the year, the comp gets much easier. Now I guess I should point out in second quarter, remember, because we increased our outlook for discounting, there was the accrual bumped-up in the second quarter. So that does create I guess an easier comp in the second quarter. But as you think about sequentially pricing in the end market we would hope becomes more consistent as we move through the back-half of the year. But really, a little bit higher material costs, not so much from materials being purchased in the U.S. so much, but some higher emissions-related costs. And remember, we do purchase – we have some partner products that come from Japan. Some of those yen-based products on excavators, the exchange is creating some higher costs year-over-year there. And again, the negative price realization is really what's driving from a negative side some of the lower margins in C&F so.
Tony Huegel: Yeah. I'll start with warranty and I'll let Raj handle the cost reduction. But really if you think about that warranty that was identified for Ag in the quarter, again, I would emphasize first quarter is a relatively low quarter, so changes tend to be magnified a bit more than they would be certainly in things like our second and third quarter. But it was in part due to a change in our Service Parts Warranty program. So in the U.S. and Canada, our parts for Ag & Turf in the past would have been 90-day warranty. That has shifted to a full year for Ag parts and six months on Turf parts. So obviously, when you make those changes, again, there's an accrual for all of the service parts that are already at a dealer in dealer inventory, and that accrual rate goes up for all of those. And so that's reflected in the quarter that the change is made and you're seeing that reflected this quarter.
Tony Huegel: It's just simply as we did the calculation from a practical perspective, we assumed there would be some commodity inflation that would be more than offset by the cost-reduction project. That's not uncommon for us historically as you see inflationary periods here and there. And so, it was a way to make sure that we really were looking at this on a net-basis, not a gross-basis from a cost reduction perspective as it relates to material so.
Tony Huegel: And again, we'll conclude our call. We appreciate your participation. As always, we'll be available throughout the day and in the next week to take any follow-up calls. Thank you.
