Tony Huegel: And I just want to clarify. You’re speaking to the U.S. farm cash receipt number, and as we’ve talked about in the past, that is probably the best indicator of equipment sales. And we have talked about, in recent years, that in these very high levels of cash receipts, when you see fluctuations plus or minus 5%, we would view those really as relatively flattish.  And so to your point, longer term, certainly we don’t believe there’s a breakdown in the correlation between cash receipts and equipment sales, but when you’re at these very high levels, it isn’t necessarily as direct of a relationship as you would see over a longer cycle. 
Tony Huegel: With combines in particular, it’s a little difficult to talk about year over year changes, because it is different this year. We did have a window in June really related to our final tier 4 transition, specifically our early order program begins in August. That program went very well, but keep in mind that it was a relatively short window, and then we’ll open up the early order program again after our new product introduction for final tier 4 production in 2014. So it’s fairly early. On the other early order programs, though, the spring order programs, that would be planters, seeding equipment, tillage in particular, we had a very very good year in 2012 with the early order program. And we’re running about flat with those programs last year. And so again, that bodes very well. Again, it’s early, of course, but the early order programs to date are doing very well. And I would point out, to the extent that the combine early order program in June, all the slots did fill as expected. And then the other thing, while we’re talking about order book into next year that we tend to talk about at this point, is on tractors. As you know, we don’t have an early order program, because it’s not seasonal, but again, tractors are at or better than, in most cases, they were a year ago.  In fact, if you look at our 8R tractors, on the wheeled tractors, we’re basically out into April-May on our availability, which takes us beyond our final tier 4 transition. Last year availability was January. 8R tracks are roughly in line with a year ago. The 9R, the large four-wheel drive tractors, wheeled tractors are a little ahead this year. They’re November. Last year was September, and then the tracks are a little bit behind year over year.  But again, generally speaking, when you look at our order books, we’re in a very strong position against very high levels last year.
Tony Huegel: As it relates to productivity, when you think about fourth quarter, keep in mind, as we talked about in the opening comments, we do have a very tough compare. Part of productivity, of course, is volumes as well, and last year our factories were running at relatively high levels, especially as it relates to the combine factory. And we would be at more normal levels this year. And so you’ll see a little bit of a change there in a year over year basis. Of course, as we move into final tier 4, that’s largely going to impact certain quarters as we move into 2014. Combines, for example, will begin transitioning in January. I mentioned, or hinted at at least a little earlier, that our 8R tractors will transition in the April timeframe. And so we’ll go through those transitions very similar to what we had in 2010, and so we’ll have some quarter over quarter disruption as we go through the year.
Tony Huegel: That would be correct. We are announcing our final tier 4 product actually this week. The new product introduction shows begin, and will be over the next couple of weeks. And then we’ll be announcing pricing and opening the order book to final tier 4. So that is correct. It’s interim tier 4 products.
Tony Huegel: We have made no final tier 4 price announcements at this point. So we’ve taken some small, on combines for example, price increases related to the interim tier 4 orders that we have early in fiscal ’14, but we’ve announced no final tier 4 price increases. Again, it would be a little premature to announce price increases before the actual product is announced. So those price increases will follow the introduction.
Tony Huegel: Again, because we haven’t announced them, I wouldn’t speculate that direction. All we can point to is where the demand is at this point, and what we’re seeing in our order book is a continued very strong demand level. Again, comparable or in some cases slightly better than what we saw a year ago at very strong levels. So that’s about all we can say about that. So with that, thank you, and we’ll need to move to the next caller.
Tony Huegel: For ag and turf specifically, I don’t know that I have that weighting. But as you look at the total cost of sales, obviously we talked about that ratio of price realization certainly helping benefit that ratio. Raw material costs would be the other positive, impacting the cost of sales in the quarter. But then you have overhead spend, you know, largely due to the higher employment costs, emissions costs, and some absorption as we had lower builds in inventory. And that’s fiscal year numbers that I’ve given you. Sorry about that. 
Tony Huegel: Not significant at all, and if you look at what’s being proposed for CAP, if you look at it in nominal terms, the subsidies really are basically flat in terms of what the proposal is.
Tony Huegel: We haven’t discussed what the production levels would be in the kind of pre-final tier 4 production for combines in early fiscal 2014. I can tell you we are beginning the transition of combines in January. So you’re really talking about the November-December production levels.
Tony Huegel: With the exception of sprayers, of course it would be final tier 4, effective. But when you look at the tillage and seeding and so on, and really the importance there is, we’ve talked about this a little bit in the past, tillage tends to be a fairly good leading indicator, simply because it’s a relatively discretionary item, and so for us internally, we view it as a good leading indicator. So it’s more indicative of underlying strength more than the impact necessarily would have on the top line or bottom line.
Tony Huegel: As we look at pricing on used equipment, what we’d tell you is overall we’re actually seeing pretty healthy levels of pricing on used equipment. You see plus or minus a little bit. So large tractors, pricing up a single digit. Combines, down a single digit. But again, at very, very strong levels. So we don’t view that as an issue at this point.
Tony Huegel: At this point, I would not speculate on 2014 expenses. As we’ve talked about, we don’t provide guidance. There’s some things maybe to consider. We aren’t finished with final tier 4, so we still have a number of products to transition, both in the upcoming year and in the following. And keep in mind also that we are continuing to invest in growth, and in some cases that’s investing in new products in certain key markets. So that’s about all we can say really at this point related to R&D. 
Tony Huegel: There’s two separate items. There’s a Section 179 that can be utilized with used equipment as well as new, and of course the bonus depreciation. Both are subject to the task reform development.  You know, as it looks at Section 179, it appears that there is much broader support for Section 179 in terms of speculation that it may or may not be extended, then included in proposals, even to make it permanent, through some of the small business tax reform proposals, those sorts of things. Certainly as you move toward the end of the year, especially Section 179 we think has been helpful in moving used equipment in the past.  We would tell you while bonus depreciation is certainly beneficial, we think it’s had a marginal benefit on sales. There’s a number of other factors beyond tax considerations that farmers consider. Last year would be a good example, and you mentioned that. As we approach the end of 2012, of course, the expectation both internally and by most externally was that the bonus depreciation would not be extended. Section 179 actually had already dropped. The change at the end of the year made it retroactive.  And we did not see any impact in our order book once availability went beyond December 31, which, again, in our view, kind of lends credibility to our view that at least last year the expectation that the bonus depreciation would be eliminated did not impact our order volumes.
Tony Huegel: And I want to make a clarification. You said down 8 to down 11. Our forecast today is down 8. It was previously down 5.
Tony Huegel: The only thing I would add is certainly there are a high level of used combines in the marketplace, but it’s really reflective of the high level of sales that we’ve had in the last couple of years. And as you look at the sales increase over the last several months, new sales is much higher than what we’ve seen increased on a percentage basis in used combine levels. So while high, we’re moving into a very key period of sales for used equipment, and are confident with our dealer network as well as the pool fund strategy that we use, that we’re in a good position to be able to move those used combines and other used equipment as well, out.
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind there’s a large number of factors that go into each of those, and into the price, and I would also point out that our forecast did not change based on the USDA numbers that were recently reported. That was put together prior to the release of that data, and the basis for our forecast. So again, you have a lot of factors. You have exports, so on and so forth, in there.  The other thing I would point out is there’s a lot of conversation about the $4.90 corn. You know, if you look back historically, that is still very strong pricing for corn. Certainly down from last year, but keep in mind that last year’s price was very high coming off of very low production due to the drought.  And so $4.90 corn, from the information we get, from Informa Economics, is still very supportive for farmers. We would tell you, according to Informa, that low $4 corn, farmers are still making good money. So at $4.90, still profitable levels for most farmers.
Tony Huegel: What I would tell you is we look at this as a snapshot, and don’t get down into the details of the week to week changes. What we can tell you is that at this point we are relatively flat year over year, to your point, at very very high levels last year. And again, the early order program, it’s early in the year, but those indicators are very strong. And as well, look at the tractor order book, which is equally as strong, that we’re seeing out into 2014.
Tony Huegel: The only thing I would add is keep in mind it certainly creates some short term challenges for us, but from a long term perspective, we remain very committed to that market. We continue to see a lot of strong opportunity there. 
Tony Huegel: We don’t disclose today. What we would tell you is in past years parts tend to run 15-20% of our total sales. But beyond that, we can’t go into more detail.
Tony Huegel: And we have said that at least out through 2014, that that $1.3 billion is probably a good at least short or midterm run rate to anticipate. And then beyond that, as a percentage of sales, we would expect to see capex start to come down. But depending on where our sales are, you may or may not see the absolute number come down at that point. In conclusion, our strong performance continued in the third quarter of 2013, with earnings up 26% on a 4% sales increase, and we’re well on our way to another year of impressive performance. With that, we thank you for your participation in the call, and as always, we’ll be available the rest of the day to answer any additional questions you may have.
Marie Ziegler: Maybe just to add to what Tony said, first, we have had very good price realization, and we have benefited from the array of new products that we have introduced over the last several years, including in Brazil, which has been a very strong growth market for us, and we have significantly increased our presence and our sales in that market. So you’ve really seen the benefit of a number of investments.
Marie Ziegler: Better execution. You’re seeing good discipline in terms of our R&D, our SA&G, factory spend, and we have successfully gone through the balance of the IT4 transition, so a number of positive trends. And again, kudos to our operating folks.
Marie Ziegler: At this stage of the game, this is our best forecast. And remember that cash receipts is a function of quantity, which will be very good this year, in addition to price. And I think perhaps some aren’t focusing as much on the quantity.
Marie Ziegler: Maybe just the other thing, in the fourth quarter, in selected products, we will start the transition, or we’ll start the factory prep, so there will be a little bit of impact. But nonetheless, there’s been a real focus on the high quality execution you’ve come to expect from Deere and you’re seeing that in our results.
Marie Ziegler: Maybe the most important thing is to remember that last year we shifted $350 million of shipments out of the third quarter into the fourth quarter. And probably over talked about combines. And so that is probably the single biggest factor. There will be some adjustments here and there, but that’s really the biggest.
Marie Ziegler: Last year’s third quarter had inefficiencies, costs that we said for the ag and turf division were $50-75 million, which is something you need to bear in mind.
Marie Ziegler: So so far, unlike other years, where there has been talk ahead of CAP changes, this has really been a, I hate to say nonevent, but has been very quiet.
Marie Ziegler: Let me start with the cash receipts number. In our modeling, far and away the biggest driver and the highest correlation is cash receipts, and it doesn’t discriminate between the commodity price and the quantity. So I will stop there. That is the biggest driver. In terms of the construction market, since the market has, candidly, been softer than I think all expected, I’m not surprised to hear that there’s some conversation about dynamics in the market. But we certainly don’t have any comments related to pricing and our construction equipment division is a solid contributor to the 3 points of price realization that we announced for the year, and certainly for the quarter.
Marie Ziegler: The run rates in the fourth quarter of last year were really not sustainable. That would be the bottom line. Not a way we would choose to run a business.
Marie Ziegler: We would say that it’s both. Clearly the market has been weaker than we had anticipated, and we are continuing to reduce some of our inventory. We would expect to have that completed by the end of this year, so that we would go into next year poised for what we hope will be a stronger market outlook based on at least the market fundamentals.
Marie Ziegler: Maybe I could just cite one positive note that we are seeing, is that our rental utilization is really up and high, and that can be a leading indicator. We’ll see how that plays out, but it’s been exceptionally high.
Marie Ziegler: The early part of the year, when you look at what allocations may or may not be, that is really not a good predictor of what the future holds. We start very conservatively. Recall that we are in the midst of a transition as you think about 2014, a fairly significant transition for our combine lines. So things are going to be parsed out over the course of the year in contrast to a traditional early order program where you really have your full year’s number of slots available. 
Marie Ziegler: Ann, this is our best estimate. We are not soothsaying into the future. But I don’t see anything that necessarily precludes prices from going up further. We know we have very strong demand conditions. You have the USDA increasing seed and residual use. You do have a slight bump on ethanol. We see good demand in the market. And so I can’t concede that. On the other hand, I can’t guarantee anything in the future other than the fundamental tailwinds for our business continue to look very strong.
Marie Ziegler: Anecdotally we’re hearing that. Actually, we picked that up in our interviews with senior officers on multiple fronts. And what that means for us specifically is that a lot of the usage of our equipment in residential is when you are moving land to prepare the lots, to put in the street, to get the sewer into the division. So the fact that you see lower number of build ready lots, so to speak, may be a positive indicator as you move into the future, that there will be increased demand for the equipment in use.
Marie Ziegler: I don’t think we’ve been very specific. Each single product line, each department within the company, has a specific set of activities that as we move up or down we either cease or add. So it varies by product line, by department.
Marie Ziegler: I’d say the bulk of the headcount really occurred in the last couple of years. I’m not actually, candidly, sure where we are year to date. But I don’t anticipate there would be a lot, other than perhaps in Brazil, where we’re approaching the startup of those factories there. And maybe in China as well. 
Marie Ziegler: Well, our pecking order, per se, has not changed, and we’ve long articulated maintaining a strong balance sheet, invest in the business, return dividends, and then excess cash would be used for share repurchase. We were very specific in the first and second quarters that we were conservative going into those because of the fiscal cliff in the first quarter, and then some residual shakiness, if you will, in the market as we went into the second quarter. As our cash flow has proven out, as we’re through our peak use of cash - remember we are big users of cash in the first and second quarters - as our stock has continued to provide us with a very good buying opportunity - we think we’re significantly below our intrinsic value - we were able to step up the share repurchase. 
Marie Ziegler: I think it’s unlikely. We don’t have a forecast for ’14 yet. Obviously we’re working on some plans. But remember there is still a significant amount of work to be done with final tier 4 ahead of us. We won’t see as much in the way of new plant investments. A lot of that is behind us. But there’s a lot ahead of us, in a concentrated period, to meet final tier 4.
Raj Kalathur: If you look at the third quarter, price realization was one of the contributors to the operating profit improvement. Next to that was essentially our costs. This is the material costs. And then there were contributions from mix as well. So those would be the three that stand out, in that order.
Raj Kalathur: The other thing I’ll add is, as the lead times are getting lower, dealers have an incentive for holding less inventory as well. So that’s also contributing to lower inventory in the channel.
Raj Kalathur: Yes, it was extended. And the indications are it will probably carry on at least a few months, if not a couple more years. One of the things we are doing is to look at how we can organize our operations in Russia to qualify for less of a tariff or wider tariffs. So right now we do, say, in SKD assembly, some of the considerations we would have for CKD assembly. So those are the types of changes we would be looking at, and that varies by the product and the volumes that would justify for that particular product category. So those should allow us to improve our volumes in that share, but as you said, directionally this is going to be an impact on us.
Raj Kalathur: If you look at the fundamental tailwinds of demand for ag commodities, it is very strong. It’s continuing to be very strong. And that’s a primary driver. So weather may impact it one year to the next, but the fundamental drivers of demand are still in place, and that’s going to drive our business here and [unintelligible].
Raj Kalathur: Essentially you can think of this is vertical or horizontal constructions. What uses more of our equipment is when you set up a completely new subdivision and have residential construction and commercial construction around it. So right now, early on, after the downturn, all the build-ready lots are being taken up, and ones that are no more of these build ready lots, which is what we’re hearing more of, there are going to be more constructions on complete new subdivisions. That’s what we meant by that.
Raj Kalathur: If you look at our construction equipment business, lower end demand, lower market demand were the case in the third quarter. But if you look at how we’ve performed in terms of whether it’s R&D or SG&A, and overall margin environment, was impressive. So regardless of the end market environment, we are in a position to actually pull different levers or ramp up if necessary to meet those conditions. And that’s what you saw in the construction case in the third quarter.
Raj Kalathur: So [unintelligible] in ’10, ’11, ’12 were higher than in ’13, so most of our investments have come in, or towards our aspirations that we have expressed outside [unintelligible] aspirations.
