Tony Huegel: Good morning. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. As some of you may be aware, Justin Merrimac has moved on to other responsibilities within the company. And over the next several months, Josh Garrison will be transitioning to the IR staff to replace Justin as Manager of Investor Relations. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's second quarter earnings. Then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see the record half -- the second half of 2011 shaping up. After that we will respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First, a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now for a closer look at the quarter, here's Susan.
Tony Huegel: Sure. First of all, in terms of -- you were talk -- you asked first, I believe, about ag for South America.
Tony Huegel: In the U.S., certainly, from a large ag perspective, it's a very strong market. And within the smaller ag equipment, you would have some room yet to improve. I mean it's come back this year. And you'll see that -- we've talked about that in our margins. Last year, there were a couple of points of margin benefit on large ag. And this year, as small ag has also come back, we're closer to one point of margin benefit, so the negative one year-over-year. Certainly in South America, that's an interesting market because we're seeing weakness in the smaller ag sector in Brazil. Large ag is performing pretty well, and in cotton and especially sugar are at very strong levels there as well. So certainly pretty strong but good opportunities for us in both markets.
Tony Huegel: Well of course, as you know, we wouldn't give a forecast for 2012 at this point. There's a lot yet to happen between now and then in terms of crops and so on. But certainly if you look at our forecast, and we said for years that the cash receipts are a good indicator of future equipment sales, that's our #1 indicator in terms of our internal modeling both in the current year as well as one year out. So certainly, that would bode well for sales in the U.S., and similarly in Brazil and Argentina. Sales are net income for farmers and those markets are very strong.
Tony Huegel: Yes. With Japan, certainly there would be a little bit in the second quarter. But that's going to mostly impact our third and fourth quarters. And again, keep in mind that just effectively as we look -- as we have our outlook, sales that effectively lost sales with the related margin on both.
Tony Huegel: Sure. And really, that -- I mean you're right, most of our impact is in our Hitachi-related product with our Hitachi relationship. And keep in mind on that product that we only recognize the marketing or distribution margin on that. We, as part of that relationship, do not have the manufacturing margins on our books. So that's why you'll see a little bit, maybe lighter margin impact than what you might otherwise see.
Tony Huegel: This is Tony. Keep in mind while we're certainly looking at what we refer to it as notable improvements year-over-year, we're also off of very low levels. If you look at where we were in 2008, our sales in the CIS last year were less than half of those levels. So again, it's certainly low -- it's coming off of low levels but we're seeing some strong improvement there.
Tony Huegel: Absolutely. And when you look at used equipment values, they're actually holding very strong. They are either flat to improved year-over-year, including combines. Combine used equipment values are actually slightly higher year-over-year in the U.S. so that certainly bodes well. When you look at inventory level, tractors or used equipment are at a very good levels. Combines, of course, are at relatively high levels year-over-year, but some of that is driven by the timing of our sales. As you look at a typical seasonal pattern of our sales with our -- again driven by our Interim Tier 4 transition, we've shipped quite a bit more combines, new combine in the first half of the year compared to what we normally would. And as you know, with a new combine comes, in almost all cases, a trade in, and used, so certainly, we're at higher levels. But also, we also track those within a band and they would still be -- our levels would still be in a reasonable band based on new equipment sales. So we feel comfortable with the levels that they’re at. But you're right, they are at high levels.
Tony Huegel: As we look at what our dealer's response is and our dealers seem to be comfortable that they will be able to move those combines and they've been very aggressive at doing that both within the U.S. as well as with some export markets.
Tony Huegel: Yes. If you look at our order book today on 8R tractors, our effective availability is really out into about the November time frame. And on the 9000 Series, we're out into October. Keep in mind, we have a significant number of Interim Tier 4 transitions on those large ag products in the year. And so as we've talked about in the past, we do have some capacity limitations this year with those transitions.
Tony Huegel: We do not have at any -- I mean of course, on any given day, there are issues that we would be working through. But there are no supplier issues that are currently hampering our ability to produce products. Again, with the exception of Japan.
Tony Huegel: This is Tony. The other thing I would add to that is keep in mind that we bring our inventory levels down in the second half of the year. We benefited from absorption in the first half. And that will flip and move the other direction here in the second half and will be a drag on margins as well.
Tony Huegel: Well, keep in mind with C&F as well, right now they're in the midst of an SAP transition. And so they took some shutdown ahead of that, a couple of weeks. And of course we'll also have some pretty slow ramp-up. So effectively, they are at about 3 weeks of lower production and then if you look specifically at the third quarter for that particular division. So that will certainly have an impact on margins. As Marie cited some of the Interim Tier 4 costs, that certainly is more directed at the ag product line than C&F.
Tony Huegel: Yes. If you look at South America, there's really 2 factors that Susan cited again. And you're correct, it's on the small ag side, there's -- we referred to it as MDA program. That's really targeted at small tractors and small farms. And that's been, in the past, a pretty high percent of the overall tractor sales and has sequentially reduced year-over-year. And we would expect a similar pattern again this year, as well as when you look at overall South America, Argentina, with some of the recent trade policies, would certainly have a dampening effect. But on large ag and especially, part of what's not included in that outlook will be cotton and sugar. And so -- and there is certainly strong markets there, so.
Tony Huegel: Right. This is Tony, Seth. And first of all, just to clarify that the trough levels are for the Construction side of that division only. And certainly, some of what we're seeing, obviously there is some restocking but also, as we've indicated previously, you tend to see some overshooting of the fundamentals, both on the high side and end on the low side. And we believe that part of the story as well is that some of this is really a correction of the retail environment back up to what the underlying fundamentals would support. But to your point, not at strong levels, I mean we're at -- and as we've indicated, we’re certainly still -- while, year-over-year percentages are high, still at basically trough levels.
Tony Huegel: Certainly, that market is coming back as we've indicated. We've bumped up our outlook again there, but would not have capacity issues in Europe.
Tony Huegel: From our perspective, what I can tell you is for Deere in Brazil, we have had positive price realization both in the second quarter, year-to-date, and in what we anticipate for the fiscal year. Certainly, we've done very well on that market with our market share. Really, we would cite 2 factors for why that's happening. We talked a lot in recent months about the new products we have in that market. So this is probably closer -- we would argue this is as it's expected. As well as we've invested quite a bit into our dealer network there. And so we have a very strong distribution network and good products with a great fit for that market, and I think you're seeing the results of that.
Tony Huegel: Yes. We would say for large ag, specifically in Waterloo, our capacity year-over-year for 2012 would go up in the 10% to 15% range and that's not coming just from the Interim Tier 4 impact. We've also talked about adding capacity there through 2012. And so we'll get some benefit of that capacity increase throughout the year. So those 2 combined would add about 10% to 15%, 2012 over 2011.
Tony Huegel: Well, they would have an Interim Tier 4 advantage. But we're not adding additional capacity there like we are in Waterloo. So I think it's less than...
Tony Huegel: Thank you all for your interest. And as always, we'll be available throughout today for any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Marie Ziegler: We're not following you. This is Marie, Jerry. We've got $300 million of sales impact. Again, as you are aware, Hitachi did lose several months of production in one of its northern factories. That would be the primary source for these large mining machines and excavators, and those factories are expected to be up and running, I believe it is, yes this week. So we think our supply base and Hitachi, in particular, to be commended for the work that they have put into recovering from this tragedy.
Marie Ziegler: Again, we talked about the fact that we had very good operating margins at 17% for the second quarter. The factors that did weigh some on the incremental margin were things that we had discussed in advance, like raw material costs, higher SA&G, higher R&D in the quarter. There's a little bit of absorption impact as we had talked about for the full year as ag has a very significant number of product introductions and capital expenditure ahead of it and some behind. And that added -- had some impact in the second quarter as well. It's disrupted to the factories as their bringing some of this capital in.
Marie Ziegler: We've talked about for the full year, full company, about $100 million. I don't have a breakdown by quarter, but there would be some impact in this quarter.
Marie Ziegler: Actually, Charlie, we ended October with our inventories in round numbers somewhere between $1 billion higher. That reflected the very high levels of production we had in the fourth quarter relative to a year ago, and the fact that the production would be somewhat heavier this year versus the typical seasonal patterns than it would traditionally be. That said, we still expect to end the year with our inventories in very round numbers, so it's essentially flat for the full company with last year. And this reflects very good business conditions in many parts of the world and the prospects of better conditions in places like Europe and the CIS.
Marie Ziegler: As Susan had indicated, David, as we look in the back half of the year, especially in Ag, we do see that incremental margins, we expect, will be softer than what you've seen in the first and second quarters. Some of the factors for that, again, are alongside of the significant number of IT4 transitions that lie ahead of us. We won't tap the same pattern of year-over-year sales and tonnage, times and gains. We don't have some of the opportunities for incremental margin opportunities that you would have. We've talked about raw materials, we had very, very good sales, or excuse me, price realization in the quarter. We have improved our guidance for the year to 3 points. But it was -- our guidance was our actual price realization was 4 points in the quarter, so it will abate a little. We certainly expect that we will cover our product with raw material costs up in the second half of the year. But you won't have maybe the same kind of margin opportunity. And then finally, we do have higher product costs related to IT4 componentry. We've talked about that before. That's the catalytic converters and things like that, that are on these IT4-compliant engines. And for the full year, full company, that's about $170 million. We'll see more of that costs in the second half than we did in the first half as we ramp up production models.
Marie Ziegler: I would just say that our forecast, we've been very candid in terms of what our incremental, or I mean our absolute margin guidance is for the 2 divisions. And I think we'll let the numbers speak for themselves.
Marie Ziegler: Actually, the bulk of it really is receivable and inventory because we changed our guidance from down $250 million to up $100 million. So there's probably some exchange running through there with rates. But...
Marie Ziegler: I don't -- Andy, I don't have a split between how it will go in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Typically, I wouldn't have a comment there.
Marie Ziegler: The government subsidies, Joel, is that small and were extremely attractive. And as that market segment has -- so they really weren’t dependent, if you will, on farm income. So there's a very much a disconnect in terms of what would happen with that small tractor segment versus the farm income. The prospects for farm income, as we've said, are good in Brazil that supports a broad array of implements, tractors, cotton equipment, sprayers, sugarcane harvesting equipment. So the prospects remain very good for the market.
Marie Ziegler: The rental, excuse me, is about 15% of our Construction business. And over time, structurally that probably could grow as given what has happened with the liquidity crisis you may see some contractors choosing to rent a little longer than they would typically. So that's item one. In terms of the debt level, the reason for keeping cash is in part for liquidity. We're going to -- prior to the liquidity crisis, we had talked about having about $1 billion of cash on our balance sheet for liquidity. As we continue to grow our business overseas, and quite candidly because of liquidity concerns, we're targeting into something more in the range of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion in cash. And so you should expect that going forward. That said, don't forget, we have been buying back shares, so you're seeing us return cash that way. And additionally, we've had 8 dividend increases since 2004. So we're continuing to reward our shareholders directly with the return of cash in the form of dividends share repurchases, as well as continuing to make the necessary investments to grow our business platform.
James Field: Let me try to clarify, Jerry. You're right. I advised the 23% operating margin. What we have in there is we have Hitachi-branded mining machines and then we have the mid-sized and large excavators. A portion of that business has margins that are greater than 23%. And a portion of that has margins that are less than 23%. And this is the blended average of those margins. And yes, you're right, some of this is pure distribution margin, which would be less -- significantly less than the 23%. And some of it, we get -- we enjoy a little bit more margin. So I don't think you should read anything more than -- that's the weighted average margin of the equipment that's been disrupted.
James Field: Certainly, Ann. This is Jim, certainly that would be consistent with history. As we've said, we modeled the business and sales, based on cash receipts, as being the largest driver. And so if you don't have -- if the used is still flowing through the channel and you have good cash receipts, history would suggest that you're going to have good retail activity.
James Field: Let me just elaborate on that. I mean, first, I think kudos ought to go to our excellent supply management professionals around the world and our supply base. And as Tony said, at any point in time, there may be a particular issue somewhere that we're dealing with, besides Japan, we've managed through this pretty flawlessly. So and we have a lot of confidence in our supply management team and our suppliers around the world.
James Field: Yes. This is Jim. I don't know that -- I wouldn't necessarily jump to that conclusion. We've got a lot of discrete items that impact particular quarters depending on the timing of certain events. And so there is an element of lumpiness to the tax rate in the quarterly periods that sometimes defies a little bit of logical reasoning.
James Field: Steve, we're not going to get in to talking too much about 2012 margins. But there are a couple of issues that we have dealt with this year that we certainly wouldn't anticipate next year. R&D going up 17% again. I think we've said that, that we are going to stay at healthy levels but not -- we're not certainly anticipating those sorts of double-digit increases. And so I think it's fair to say, without commenting too much on 2012 that as you look through the analysis, there are some items here that we wouldn't expect to repeat.
James Field: Well, I would start the answer to that question that as what we've said in prior is we remain fundamentally committed to SVA and the SVA model. And we're going to focus on that, but at the same time, focus on our 2 global growth platforms, which is agricultural and construction equipment. And I think the announcements that you saw this morning is good evidence of our commitment to delivering growth for the future, but at the same time delivering some very, very solid operating results. And so I think that's the kind of performance you should expect from us going forward. We're going to be focused on both aspects of the business, solid performance and solid growth. So with that, we should sign off. Thank you very much.
