Ryan Campbell: Before we respond to your questions, I'd first like to offer some thoughts on current market conditions in Ag, and revisit some of the key initiatives we have underway in 2020. After a year of uncertainty in 2019, we're encouraged by early signs of stabilization evident in the beginning of 2020. We view the signing of the phase 1 trade agreement with China and the passage of USMCA as important first steps for removing some of the uncertainty that has weighed on producer sentiment over the last year. Continued positive sentiment will be dependent in part, upon a pickup and U.S. exports of agricultural goods to China. Over the last quarter, we were pleased with the conclusion of our combine early order program and the progress made, on our large tractor order book. As Brent noted, orders for our combine program ended up in the U.S. We are finding that despite, periods of high uncertainty, customers continue to invest in products and services that drive economic value. Customers are increasingly opting for solutions that offer the highest levels of productivity, driving a better outcome for their operations, and higher average selling prices for us. We view this as evidence, that we can drive growth and our financial results even in periods, when the number of units we sell is flat to slightly down. Now, shifting our focus to 2020 and beyond, recently discussed, some key initiatives to help us better execute our strategy. During our CES Analyst Day, John May, laid out his priorities as CEO. Our first priority is to refocus our capital allocation on investments that one, intensify our precision Ag leadership. Two, expand our aftermarket and retrofit business. And three, increase our emphasis on products and markets that have the greatest opportunity for differentiation. Our second priority involves reorienting our cost structure, including both our organizational design and footprint to create a more agile company, to best capitalize on the significant opportunity in front of us. To that end, we conducted a voluntary separation program during the first quarter, as a step towards achieving greater degrees of agility. Over the course of the year, we’ll pursue additional opportunities pertaining to our overseas footprint and organizational design. We believe the resulting organization will be more efficient and better equipped, to respond to dynamic market conditions. As we have indicated, we will provide updates on these initiatives during our quarterly earnings calls, as decisions are made.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Jerry, thanks for that question. We're still going through the analysis of what it might look like. And what I would point to is, now when we talked to CES and we talked about our bridge from mid-cycle margins from 12.5% to 15%, we said about 1% would come from cost structure. Certainly, the voluntary separation program that we just executed is a component of that, the Wirtgen synergies is a component of that. And then the footprint and kind of the recharacterization of the organizational design will be the rest of that. And so if you think about 1 point would be over $300 million, we took about - we’ll get about $120 million in savings from the voluntary separations programs, we did in 2019 and 2020. The Wirtgen synergy is €125 million, you get about a similar amount for the rest of it. So, we're early at, we'll talk as we make those decisions, but that’s how we would characterize it at this point.
Ryan Campbell: I would say, too soon to talk about that. We'd still point you to the numbers that we talked about to get us to 15%. As we get through it, we'll certainly provide updates on our quarterly calls.
Ryan Campbell: Joe, thanks for the question. I think, it's certainly still early. I think, as Brent alluded to, we're at a period of time, where typically now you see the purchases moved to South America, coming back to North America kind of post our harvest time. So, we think there is some time like there. I think the real question is, as we think about how do we get to a larger number of purchases, and some of the numbers that have out there are roughly 2 times what we've done kind of historically on historical averages. So, I think it's still early to determine exactly what that looks and also what commodities make that up, play a pretty big role, is it a continued purchases of soybeans or do we see other commodities things like pork, ethanol and others come into the trade that necessarily haven't always been there haven't been significant. So, I think a lot of questions still there, in terms of how that comes through, as well as in the near-term with coronavirus and some of the things that have slowed, just overall activity in China, what impact does that have on their ability to make those purchases.
Ryan Campbell: Yes, Steve, I mean, you're right. First of all, I think that we were pleased with the way the first quarter came in, margins up on lower sales, I think that's a positive. As we think about the full year, I think a few things that we are contemplating. One, it is still early. We're watching the situation in China with coronavirus closely, as well as in Brazil, where, as we've noted, we've started the year with a little bit slower retail activity. Our view there's that picks up, it's more back-half loaded, but that's something we'll watch pretty closely. One other thing, as we think about first quarter versus the rest of the year, the first quarter we had a nearly 3 points of price realization. Our full year is about 2 points, so, not as much expected there from that perspective. So, overall, not a change in our range, and we think, there's still a lot of moving pieces, so we feel like that's prudent. Maybe one thing to call out in particular, as we think about the second quarter, and Brent alluded to in his comments, is our second quarter, we have a few, I'd say, maybe unusual seasonal impacts in the quarter. One, we see much lower cotton sales in 2Q of this year, because they came through the first quarter, so that's really just timing of production. But also, we have a new product transition in Waterloo, for our brand new 8R tractor, as well as limited production builds for our new combine. And the result of those two things, will certainly impact what we're able to produce and ship during the month. And then one last thing to think about in 2Q is, as we think about coronavirus, and some of those impacts, one of the things that we've thought about is the impact on our supply base there, and the ability to get parts to our operations internationally. So, we've actually, in our second quarter included about $40 million of cost of expedited freight to make sure that we're able to have that availability to get parts into the operations. So that, all of those things result in, probably a lighter topline and margin line for 2Q than what we seasonally would see.
Ryan Campbell: And Andy, it's Ryan. We took inventory out throughout the balance of '19, so that inventory reduction evens out over time, significant in the first quarter, but it evens out, although we do still project an inventory reduction. With respect to the buyback, we did around $100 million for the first quarter, that’s in line with our historical average. Typically, first quarter is a use of cash for us as we build some working capital. So nothing to read into that. It's right in line with what we've done historically, in the first quarter.
Ryan Campbell: And you know as Josh said, we did about 3 in price. The first quarter full year is 2. So, there is an impact of that going through the rest of the year. So price cost still favorable but less favorable than the first quarter.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So Ryan, maybe overall just to summarize, we certainly feel good about the performance in the first quarter. But, there's a few moving pieces for the rest of the year, and it's too early for us to change our range at this point.
Josh Jepsen: So on the Ag side, starting the Ag side, I mean, I think as we think about Europe, some of the things we've already done, we executed on in 4Q of '19 and in 1Q, so, as we stand today, with where we're at, nothing additional to call out. If we do further actions, as Ryan mentioned, we'll lay those out and talk through those, but nothing major contemplated right now. As you think about construction and construction in the quarter, we had lower margins, the voluntary separation expenses $24 million, have an impact, and then lower volume, unfavorable mix, and then just the under production component are really the biggest drivers of that lower margin in the quarter. Maybe just a context and as we think about the full year, and what do we see there, we do expect to see mix improve as we go through the year, as we expect, our construction North American construction equipment mix will improve as we under produce less throughout the balance of the year. In addition to that, road building, which is more seasonally skewed, is a bigger portion of our total C&F business this year, and is much more heavily weighted their seasonality to 2Q and 3Q in the year. So, I think those are probably the biggest drivers on the construction side from a margin perspective.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so when we think about kind of the impacts and potential impacts of the coronavirus is kind of two components like that we mentioned. One is direct exposure, our sales into the China market that's relatively small for our Ag and turf business and for our traditional C&F business. Road building, though, has a bigger exposure there. So road building in China will tend to be 10% to 15% of their overall sales. So more of an impact there. We did see some reduction in their topline as a result of the lack of activity in that market over the last month or so. So we have seen some of that impact. That's one. The second component is on supply chain. And we've got suppliers in China that supply our operations across the globe. So, those are the suppliers we're watching closely, we're working through our supply management teams working really diligently to understand where each of those are, and the process to either, are they producing or when are they going to begin to produce, so that's something we're watching and monitoring closely. As a result of that, as I mentioned, that's where we did go ahead and set up and get capacity to expedite freight to make sure we can try to get those parts to our facilities during the quarter.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I mean, first, I'd say it's really fluid and very early. This is day-to-day shifting in terms of what's going on. So, as we move forward, we will certainly update, but that’s kind of what we know today. And as always, our supply management teams are always looking at opportunities to resource and leverage suppliers that have multiple locations. So we're working through all those potential opportunities. Thanks Ashish, we will go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. From a cash flow perspective we maintain the range, we're focused on managing inventory and receivables. We saw really good progress as you noted in the first quarter. But I think overall, I'd say, it's early in the year. We didn’t adjust our topline ranges nor our net income range. Felt it was prudent given just three months in that we maintain that from a cash flow perspective.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Well, I think it's maybe a little more - there is a little more than trying to just compare one or two components. I mean, overall, as Ryan said, 2 points of price for the full year. Material and freight are favorable for us in 2020 and that includes the additional -
Josh Jepsen: The additional $40 million, so still favorable. We do have a couple things that would be going against us there. Incentive comp is higher in the year, pension costs and OPEB costs are higher in the year. So there are some moving pieces there that impacts the overall net-net there.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. No change in terms of the expectations of how we produce relative to retail, or year-over-year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks Mig. I think when we think about construction and forestry and if we look at kind of North American construction equipment, which I think is where your question really lies, is, for the balance of the year we will under produce retail demand. It's more front-half loaded. Certainly, the first quarter, we under produced more significantly than we will the balance of the year. So, as I mentioned a little bit talking about mix in that business improving over the year, that's a result of less underproduction of that CE that - North American construction equipment during the remaining quarters of the year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, as it relates to small tractors in North America, and it's probably easiest or best to look at this on the full year given seasonality. We are, as Ryan mentioned, we expect to under produce retail demand in 2020 on contractors and that hasn't changed around 15% for the year. So that's the plan that we're executing to. And we think that puts us in a really solid position from an inventory to sales perspective when we end the year.
Josh Jepsen: As it relates overall, the new 8R, we've seen good order activity there. We are ordered out further than we were a year ago. That's a little bit misleading just in that - we're impacted by the transition time as we moved - changed the factory over to begin producing the new model. But I think we've seen really positive response the 8R, in particular, the new four track option has been particularly well received and lots of interest and activity there for what that machine delivers. So, feel good about that.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I think certainly, we've seen deterioration particularly in South America and the real and peso, what has been going on there. So that does impact competitiveness, particularly in the short-term. It also benefits profitability for those producers in those markets as well. So, there's puts and takes on both of those. I mean, I think importantly, as we think about this, from our perspective is, where are - the fact that we continue to see demand growing, consumption of grains growing, and there are only a few places that produce these grains, particularly soybeans, en masse, at scale, and in that relatively low cost of production. So, we think, those places are the U.S., Brazil and Argentina to a lesser extent. So, again we think there's going to be the need for those grains, because those are really the only places that they're coming from. So, certainly, timing wise there can be advantages won or lost, as FX moves. But I think big picture when we step back feel like the demand for grain and the fact that these are only grown in a few places, at scale is an important thing to recall.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. So, I mean, I think, well, we talked about a little bit, I think the some of the caution there has been around trade. And you see a significant shift in China's purchase pattern. I think that's paused the market a little bit. And I think we saw this over particularly at the end of last year and into this year, a little bit of the concern on financing. I think one other things we've seen as the government came out and talked about Finame, as we go forward, I think that's helped eliminate some of the big concern as we've now talking about our program that begins the transition to less subsidization or less interest rate equalization as referred to in the market, and getting to more of a free market system. And I think, a couple things that support that, one is we've seen pretty low interest rates, the benchmark rate in Brazil is at very low levels, which has been positive. So that certainly helps. And our largest customers in Brazil for quite some time, have had access to bank, private bank financing. So, we actually believe the longer-term as we begin this transition that this will create more stability in the market, and less volatility in the Ag machinery sector, because it will be more driven by actual demand and not finance availability or alike. As it relates, maybe one other note on Brazil, the lots of folks look at the shipment numbers coming out of Brazil, in Anfavea, and as earlier noted, someone made the comment we've seen weakness, as you noted, why are we seeing more activity. One thing that we have seen as we've looked at that market, and you look at by horsepower, splits or segments, there's been a pretty big distinction. It's really been occurring over the last three years, where we're seeing high horsepower, and in their reporting that's above 130 horsepower has been growing, whereas, you've seen lower horsepower has been declining year-on-year. And even year-to-date, we're seeing the lower horsepower ranges down double-digits, while we're up on the high horsepower side. So, there are a few dynamics there, but certainly, the growth in high horsepower and technology, we see a very positive, over the last few years that certainly helped to drive the market share gains we've seen and we think that continuing trend helps us, and particularly as you start to deliver more and more precision Ag into the market. So, long answer, but I think that’s some of how we're viewing the Brazilian market. We'll go ahead and jump to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Thanks, Brendan. So, we noted losses in GDF in the quarter on operating leases, year-over-year, just first context as a little bit under $10 million, just to size that in terms of what we saw. Primarily those losses came in through our C&F division, really as of result of two things. A little bit of pressure on the overall used environment in C&F with higher inventories that have put some downward pressure on prices. And then we did take some actions during the quarter to move aged inventory and had relatively significant reductions of our matured lease inventory there that was of an older vintage. So, I think those are the things we saw there. From an Ag and turf perspective, portfolio was pretty stable where recoveries, we didn't see much change and return rates actually improved a little bit for us in the quarter. So, we're really early on now, as we start to think about the changes, we made a quarter ago but very, very focused on working with our dealers through the process of retaining more of those lease maturities, programs in place to incentivize both the dealers and customers to engage in managing that inventory at a much higher level. With that, we'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe start with your second question. I mean, I think when we think about there, I'd say it's much more focused in terms of products and markets, how can we best serve those customers how we do that and in an efficient way, while also delivering the customer experience that they expect and deserve in that that we want to deliver. So, I think it's more targeted than saying entire geography or product form, but being thoughtful in terms of how can we best serve those customers.
Josh Jepsen: And as it pertains to the age of fleet or how long can someone go until you see purchases, we're in the U.S. in particular, we think about aging fleet. We are now pushing past kind of what has been the historically equilibrium going back to say 2000. So we're on high horsepower on tractors and on combines and we're pushing beyond the point that we've kind of ran at through really the early 2000s. So, we think we're there in terms of the drivers replacement demand and on top of that technology and productivity to see more of that activity. I think the uncertainty we've been dealt with over the last 18 months has caused a lot of that. But I think talking to dealers, talking to our team, I mean, certainly there's appetite and interest there. And when we can deliver not only productivity, but cost reduction, when we think about overall P&L for a farmer, there's value there. Canada, maybe a little bit different situation, where we see the age of that fleet is a little younger. And as a result, and Brent alluded to this in his comments, maybe a little bit further out to some of the replacements. Just given that market did not cycle us as much down or up that we saw in the U.S. Thanks, Joel. We'll go ahead and go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: So, I think, as you think about the down 5% on large Ag in North America, you're exactly right in that. We see probably a little bit of improvement on the U.S. side and weaker on the Canada side. So that’s a very fair. We talked - Brent talked a little bit about what we saw U.S. versus Canada on combines. We see kind of a similar impact as we look at large tractors from an order book perspective. So that kind of the dynamic that we've seen there. As you think about price and how we came into the quarter, for C&F, we expect a point, we got about a point in the first quarter and we expect that for the year. On the Ag side, a little bit stronger price in the first quarter than our full year. We actually saw some improvement in overseas markets. So, that was, and the margins helped us a little bit, pushed us a little bit above what we had expected, I mean, into the quarter.
Josh Jepsen: So, I mean, I think the easing of trade tensions and opening up of market access, we think is really important as the first step. I think, importantly, I think folks want to see grain actually flowing, grain actually moving purchases occurring. And we think that’s particularly important. I mean, as you think about absolute prices we've felt - believe that in the range of $3.50 corn and $9 soybeans can drive replacement demand that’s supportive of replacement demand. So, I think, if we actually start to see grain move, I think that provides a little more confidence in terms of the access actually being there. And we think is supportive of replacement demand. So we'll go ahead and go to our next question. Thanks, Courtney.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I think when we look at it, inventory to sales, in particular, if we look at kind of 100 horsepower and above, year-over-year it came down from 38% to 31% and combines we saw come down as well. I think overall from a small tractor perspective, we're relatively in-line with the industry and maybe down a little bit from where we were a year ago. But I think overall, we've continued to feel good about where we are from a large Ag perspective and the plans to execute for small tractors.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. I mean, I think you know, maybe at a high level when we think about 15%, that is the margin level we expect to deliver. Our businesses may not all be exactly that number, but all contributing to getting there is probably an important distinction. But as we think about our construction business, and in particularly as we add in road building, which we feel like has a strong margin profile as well gives us an opportunity. I think, from a technology perspective, we do see opportunities to be able to leverage some of the things that we've done on our Ag business into our construction business. So, we think there is opportunity to add and create value there for customers, which is an important component that’s further out. But we think there's opportunity there. I'd say, today, very, very focused on managing the business, managing inventory, integrating Wirtgen and delivering on those synergies that that would be the near-term focus areas.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. And maybe the one last thing that we talked about at our Analysts Day at CES is the aftermarket opportunity in retrofit, and I think in particularly in construction, the ability to take care of that product over the lifecycle from a parts and service perspective, leveraging telematics and those sort of things that we have today, we think can deliver margin opportunity for all of our businesses as we go forward.
Josh Jepsen: Well, that concludes our call. We appreciate all the interest. Please reach out if you have got questions. Thank you.
