Tony Huegel: Sure. And yes, there's a lot of moving pieces and I know you all love when I point out rounding. But truly again this quarter there is rounding. I’ll point out a few of those specifically. As you think about Ag & Turf in the rounding there, we talk about a 7% operating margin, understand that is rounding up. So you’re actually let's say you are closer to a 6.5 and you are 7. And similarly construction is also rounding up. So as we point out, the 6% it’s really closer to 5.5%. And I would point out as well, the 1.2 billion in income is also a rounded number and, in this case it is actually rounding down a little bit. So to your point if you look at some of those moving pieces, when you think about construction, when you think about some of the positive as well as is financial services coming down, you don’t necessarily see a full $100 million. And I would point out as you look at the change in our internal forecast for net income it wouldn’t be a full $100 million reduction either. It is just a way of rounding looks it does go to the full $100 million. So again you are right in the sense that obviously you are seeing some negatives from financial services. That income is obviously lower. The other larger item that did reduce in the quarter is around construction and forestry and as you think about that sales change, a good portion of that relates to pricing and with competitive pressures that we have seen our price realization has come down. Actually I will tell you it is slightly negative in our forecast today. And remember as we reduced pricing, that drops right to the bottom line and so that does have a greater impact on the profitability of that particular division. Those are the major moving pieces.
Tony Huegel: Yeah, again, I think the easiest way to answer that is it will depend on what our customer preferences are as we -– as our dealers seek to move that equipment, and I’ll point out again as I have in the past, when you think about leasing versus retail notes, our preference candidly would always be a retail note versus an operating lease. But if our customer’s preference is to have an operating lease then we’ll certainly consider that. Now as I mentioned earlier, from a short-term perspective and specifically I'm talking about 12-month leases, we've done a number of -– made a number of changes that make those short-term leases candidly much less attractive. And in terms of some of the residual value changes that we would point out, it’s really setting those residual values at a level that’s more appropriate for the type of experience we're seeing today on the disposition of the matured lease inventory. So going forward certainly if a customer has a preference towards a longer-term lease when they’re looking to buy used equipment, we would continue to look to offer that lease option from a financing perspective. I think there's a little bit of misunderstanding or information in the marketplace around the level of leasing too. I’ve heard numbers as high as 50% is going into operating lease today. We would tell you year-to-date if you look at operating leases versus retail note its closer to a quarter of the volume is operating lease. Now again to be fair that is higher than what it would have been historically, but it is nowhere near that half type of range that some are talking about.
Tony Huegel: Sure, last quarter our sales came in a little lighter for the first quarter than what we had forecast and we talked about there that was largely a shift of production from first quarter into second quarter. So we anticipated second quarter being a little higher and I would tell you the opposite happened this quarter. We actually also saw in addition to the first quarter shipments moving into second pulling forward a little bit of the production from third quarter which is why again when you think about our agricultural Ag and turf division we really didn’t see a change. When you back out FX didn’t see a change in the sales impact. It is really just shifting between quarters and that’s largely what drove those higher sales in the second quarter.
Tony Huegel: Yes, certainly you are seeing -– and you're seeing it really in that chart as well to your point, while relative to history those debt-to-equity ratios are still at pretty attractive levels and we would argue that farmers in general their balance sheets are pretty strong. They came into this downturn having come through a strong environment with balance sheets in good order. But you're seeing those creep up and some of that or a good portion of that is assets coming down and specifically land values. So you are seeing some of that and its coming down slowly. We don’t anticipate any kind of precipitous decline in land values, we're certainly not seeing signals of that. It’s coming down but at moderate – modest-to-moderate pace. As a result financing ratios are creeping up a bit. But again, we don’t sense any major financial upheaval in the farm sector at this point. Again, I would point out, also at these levels, while farmer profitability is significantly lower, broadly speaking, farmers are still profitable at these corn prices. And again, not that they aren’t being pinched but are still being profitable. So if corn prices stay at this level, I would point out as cash rent comes down that helps the profitability of most farmers as well. So there's a little bit of double-edged sword on those land values and in terms of the impact it has on farmers.
Tony Huegel: Thank you and I appreciate the question, yes. Certainly as you think about Brazil I think I would still claim obviously is our outlook for South America did decline a bit on tractors and in combines. Things are still -– the market’s still pretty tough there. But to your point there are -– have been a couple of signs recently of potential positives. Certainly the fact that FINAME financing rates have been announced while they’re higher than what we've been at, they’re still at very attractive levels for farmer customers’ that point out below – continue to be below inflation. So that is very helpful from that perspective. And actually in the short-term we point out could result in a little bit of a pull ahead. So farmers have until, I believe, its June 9th, to make their applications under the current rates before the rates move up those -– a couple of points. So again in the short-term we would expect to see some nice activity. But again as Josh pointed out in the opening comments, a lot of that uncertainty around what will happen, will we even have a FINAME program, what's going to happen with down payment requirements, all those sorts of things that at least for the time being largely been alleviated. But we’ll see as we move forward because there is still some uncertainty. I think again we’re getting the sense that the agricultural community is viewing these changes positively but it is early and I would say the same thing in Argentina. Again some very positive changes for farmer customers, their ability to export their product, those sorts of things but it is still early. So we could potentially I suppose later in the year, you could see some benefit but I would argue most of that we would view as a 2017 opportunity versus the 2016 opportunity.
Tony Huegel: Unfortunately I think that’s about all the further we’re going to be able to go with that one. So we can take that offline later. Just go on to the next caller. Thanks David.
Tony Huegel: Yes, so there’s both losses and impairments that we took on some of the items that were either an inventory or as well as some of the future leases. So we did look at some of the impairments. We basically looked out a year at lease maturities and took what we felt was the most applicable experience that we're seeing. Again as I mentioned earlier on the return rates that we're experiencing as well as the loss rates and apply those to that future lease maturity. I’d point out to the extent that short –- as we looked out a year to the extent that those short-term leases have been our largest challenge, we would have captured obviously the lions share of those short-term leases in that analysis that we took. And then as we evaluate and make changes going forward, the intent is to reduce that risk significantly on future short-term leases to the extent we do book any 12-month leases as we move forward.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I think in relation to the pricing what we’re looking at is really reflective of what we have seen in the marketplace to date from a competitive perspective. Certainly you would hope as we’ve hoped all year that some of that competitive pressure would ease up a bit and others would be as focused on some positive price realization as we are. I would point out that isn't all about FX benefit in terms of the competitive pressures that we’re seeing. Meaning it is not just people who are leveraging yen benefits specifically. And so I’ll probably leave it at that but remember as the impact in the second quarter on price was greater than what you would see as a run rate going forward in the third and fourth quarter, simply because of the accrual that you have to make when you perceive higher levels of discount in the future because you now have to increase your accrual on all of the field inventory that’s already been shipped in prior quarters. So again at quarter end what you see, the way the accounting works the quarter in which you see that higher level of incentives going forward does tend to take a more significant hit. And so that was the impact for construction in the second quarter. And with that we’ll move on to the next caller.
Tony Huegel: Certainly from a construction perspective historically we would have said 15% to 20% of our sales go into rental. It would be on the lower -- actually below that range today and in terms of what's going to IRC. We have talked a lot about from a small large mix especially on the utility tractors. Our desire -- our compact utility tractors, our desire to improve market share there. But to be fair some of that’s also market. The market is certainly not as weak on the small equipment as it would be on the large as we talked about in our guidance. So it is a bit of both, our desire to increase market share as well as the market shifting in that direction. Next caller.
Tony Huegel: Yes, I mean I think and obviously it is pretty early to bless any forecast for 2017. But I would point out to your comment, I mean obviously the current forecast is pretty high. Corn crop to be planted, I am sure of a significant weather event that would impact production and I would argue that’s a comment from really any of the key growing regions if you see a significant weather impact. We will continue to believe you would see a pretty responsive change in pricing and the environment could shift pretty quickly. But at this point that’s primarily about weather and we’re not going to make a call on weather at this point in the process. So let’s go with the assumption that you’re seeing a flattish kind of environment. Let's go with I think your question was more about down. If you’re talking about large Ag seeing another significant downturn, as we have talked about last year I mean it will be challenging for us given the levels we’re at with our production capacity today it will be very difficult for us to maintain this level of decremental margin. Especially to the comment earlier of I think Adam asked about with steel pricing, as you start to get headwinds on some of the material cost, that adds pressure as well but even if all of those costs are those sort of external cost if you will remain flat, another significant downturn in large Ag would make it very difficult for us to maintain these low decremental margins. Now I want to shift, it does not mean that we aren't continuing to look for ways that we can reduce cost. We talked before, we haven't done lot on R&D. If we continue to see a further weakening or even continue at these levels we would take a much harder look at those projects. Certainly from a SA&G perspective as well I would say clearly we’re looking -- continuing to look at ways that we can streamline our processes and streamline our operations in order to reduce those costs. But the ability to do that at a level that would offset another significant step down in large Ag would not be likely.
Tony Huegel: As you think about acquisitions keep in mind in our forecast as a general rule we would not incorporate sales of an acquisition into our forecast until the point in which we actually close on those. So that would include, in this case Hagie and Monosem. So it would be a pretty small percentage. So, I would say it wouldn’t be in rounding. You really wouldn’t see it in the current forecast.
Tony Huegel: Alright, with that we will close the call. Again I appreciate all of your questions and participation and as always we will be around throughout the day to answer any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Rajesh Kalathur: David, this is Raj I would not annualize the second half rather look at the full year. Quarter-to-quarter we have changes that can impact the full year and this time Tony said there was some pull ahead from the third quarter what would have been in the third quarter to the second quarter.
Rajesh Kalathur: So David all I would say is taken the second half and annualizing it will not give you the right answer going forward. So you may want -– so we cannot really quantify it any more than that.
Rajesh Kalathur: Mike, this is Raj. As you know cash use priorities remain the same. They’ve not changed at all. So our single A is the highest priority and then we look at strategic options. And with respect to strategic growth options you’ve seen us keep organic R&D spend at a pretty healthy rate and you’ve also seen us announce some inorganic acquisitions. And you’ve seen us talk about Precision Planting, Monosem, and more recently Heidi [ph]. So in this type of an industry environment where we have a very strong financial position, some of these inorganic options become more actionable for us. And if they are in the long-term interest of our shareholders for profitable growth in the long-term, we will act on some of those. And then dividends are our next priority and then finally share repurchases and we've always said share repurchases are a residual use of cash. And as you just mentioned we have higher –- if there are higher priority uses, we apply it those. Now I won’t say this with respect to share repurchases, we have also said we will do those only if it fits in the long-term interest of long-term shareholders. We still think it’s very good value for long-term shareholders, but we want to first allocate cash for other higher priorities.
Rajesh Kalathur: Rob, this is Raj. Let me just take a broader perspective on this. You know operating leases are only about 14% of our total portfolio. And then the impairments and losses have been concentrated in less than 20% of this 14%, okay? So this is primarily the less than 12 month and less leases. And you heard us talk about clearly taking significant steps to address this issue, lowered our residual values, we have significantly restricted the 12 month or less leases. But for those maturing in the next few quarters, now we've assumed recent loss rates and return rates and also forecasted that. We also, you heard from Tony, we’re also actively working on limiting our loss rates and return rates for what’s going to mature in the next few quarters. Now the other 86% of the GDF portfolio, we are forecasting we have about 23 basis points of loss provisions. So still a very good financial portfolio, especially given where the industry is or where all in the competitive environment is.
Rajesh Kalathur: Steve, this is Raj let me add to what Tony said, and if you look at the longer-term demand for grains it is still in very good shape. So it’s continuing to increase globally which is a positive signal for the long term for us. And as we look at the future, we have said if there is a change in our overall pieces in terms of long-term demand that would make us take some drastic changes in terms of our strategy. But we haven't seen that otherwise it is basically localized to weather. And we have said weather can impact that you have seen the prices come back -- core prices and especially soybean prices come back up sharply with just some of the weather scenarios in Argentina and Brazil. Now with respect to your question on decrementals it clearly is going to depend on which part of the Ag or C&F segment goes down or goes up. So with a small Ag there is -- it is what you know more and more left with small Ag. If that goes down then our decrementals can be managed at the current levels or around the current levels. If it is going to be more on the large Ag it is going to be harder for us to manage but it is still going to be much better than in previous downturns, okay. And we do have continuing efforts in terms of structural cost reduction whether they be on a material cost side, overhead side, or SA&G side. So you will see us continuously work on those to offset any of these if the scenario of your -- should happen.
