Josh Beal: Hello. Welcome, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Joining me on the call today are John May, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Josh Jepsen, Chief Financial Officer; Aaron Wetzel, Vice President, Production Systems for Production and Precision ag; and Josh Rohleder, Manager, Investor Communications. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and our current outlook for fiscal 2024. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at johndeere.com/earnings.  First, a reminder, this call is broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere & Company. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking statements concerning the company's plans and projections for the future that are subject to uncertainties, risks, changes in circumstances and other factors that are difficult to predict. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K, Risk Factors in the Annual Form 10-K, as updated by reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I'll now turn the call over to Josh Rohleder. 
Josh Beal: Absolutely, Josh. I think that's a great place to start. What's most important in this conversation is context. We've certainly seen better-than-expected crop production over the past 6 months. We had record corn yields in the U.S., recovering Argentina crop production is offsetting the losses you mentioned in Brazil and 2 consecutive years of bumper wheat crops in Russia are offsetting losses in Ukraine and Australia. All of that is supporting rising carryover stocks, which are putting downward pressure on prices, culminating and lowered expectations for crop margins. All of these fundamentals are captured in the reduction in the U.S. net cash farm income forecast that you cited. But it's important to keep the expected decline in context of where we've been. We're coming off 3 years of record farm income. The projected reduction puts us in line with historical averages that are still supportive of mid-cycle equipment demand. The punchline here is that farmers continue to be profitable at these levels. In addition to farmer profitability, those other factors that are supportive. The U.S. fleet age remains above 20-year averages for both tractors and combines. Used inventory in the U.S., while having increased, remains at manageable levels. Additionally, farm balance sheets are strong, with U.S. farmland values up approximately 7% year-over-year and debt-to-equity ratio is near all-time lows. Outside of the U.S., we're seeing a similar story. Farmers remain profitable in both Europe and South America, albeit down from recent record levels. There's certainly caution in the market, particularly in the high interest rate environment that we're seeing, but we still expect to see replacement demand in both regions. 
Josh Beal: Yes, definitely. Within used inventory, in North America, we've seen year-over-year increases in both combines and tractors, most notably in the high horsepower tractor segment. Again, to put these increases into context, while levels are up from recent lows, they're still in line with historical averages. Additionally, used prices have remained flat to up over the quarter. All in, we continue to feel comfortable with the used inventory levels that we're seeing. 
Josh Beal: Yes. Great points, Josh, and definitely worth unpacking here. Let's start with our production and precision ag and small ag and turf businesses. Beginning with the quarter, we saw strong year-over-year price realization across both segments. It's worth noting, however, that we expect price realization to moderate throughout the remainder of the year in line with our annual guide of 1.5 points for both segments. Relative to production costs, we saw material and freight coming lower for both large and small ag, leading to favorable year-over-year comparisons for the quarter. This is aligned with our expectations to see slightly favorable production cost compares for both segments for the full year. Looking at SA&G, we had unfavorable impacts in the quarter from incentive compensation, timing of spend, which pulled costs forward into the quarter and foreign exchange. Notably, we don't expect the first quarter to be indicative of our SA&G run rate for the rest of the year, as we're pulling levers in line with the rest of our operations. Shifting to our outlook. We are seeing demand shifts in production of precision ag, impacting combines and large tractors, which is felt mostly in the back half of 2024. Conversely, we're seeing minimal change to our small ag and turf outlook from last quarter, as the dairy and high-value crop segments remain stable.  It's important to reiterate here that our plans in large ag to produce to retail demand in North America and underproduced retail in Brazil and Europe, reflect our commitment to inventory and cycle management. This approach should position us well going into 2025 across all geographies. 
Josh Beal: Absolutely. The key takeaway from the quarter is that underlying demand is stabilizing at levels higher than expected, while at the same time, the industry has become more competitive, given inventory availability. Looking forward, Deere inventory levels have recovered and are now in line with the industry. We expect slightly stronger sales through the back half of the year, which is embedded in our updated outlook. Demand will be driven by key end markets, where optimism remains strong. All of this is reflected in our order books, which for Construction and Forestry are full through the second quarter across most product lines, with compact construction equipment notably full through the end of the third quarter. 
Josh Beal: Yes, for sure. First and foremost, it's proactive actions to ensure we stay ahead of demand changes. All of our factories and product lines have a list of levers we pull, depending on the magnitude and direction of the volume change that we're seeing. Those efforts are ultimately grounded in our focus on inventory management, which we spoke about earlier. The underproduction in retail in certain geographies and production to retail in North America directly reflect this laser focus on inventory management as a key pillar to maintaining price discipline and structural profitability across the cycle. On the cost side, supply chain management is of utmost importance. Our team is working continuously to ensure not only that we're getting the best price on purchase components, but that we're also maintaining a robust sourcing pipeline to ensure the resiliency of our supply base. This year, we are seeing the impact of our strategic partnerships and supplier agreements come to fruition. Additionally, we continue to design cost reduction into our products. As noted previously, we expect the impact of these savings to drive year-over-year production cost favorability for our equipment operations, despite headwinds in other spend categories. 
Josh Beal: Now we're ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. [Operator Instructions] 
Josh Beal: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Jerry. I think starting out, if you think about our PPA guide, and as we've noted in the change, we were a range of down 15% to 20%. We're now down to the lower end of that range. And a couple of things, I think, to point out there, we noted softening in Europe. We've seen that market pull back some. We've seen some more caution in that market. We're now noting that we're going to underproduce retail in Europe. I think particularly noting that there's more weakness in Central and Eastern Europe, given the ongoing conflict there in the region and what that's doing for trade flows, grain flows and kind of disrupting that. So you've seen a little more weakness, a little pullback in sentiment on the Europe side. And although our guides are unchanged in North America, Josh Rohleder mentioned, we're probably at the higher end of that reduction on the North America guide as we look at our order books. And as you know, we manage tractors on a rolling order book. We have seen some softening in velocity there on the tractor side, which is particularly causing us to look at back half of production and pull back a little bit there. So we're proactively taking on that production in line with sales, again, notably producing at retail levels for North America, but reacting to what we're seeing in the market. As that relates to decrementals, I think Josh Jepsen noted this earlier, but certainly, in underproduction in regions like Europe, like Brazil, has an impact on decrementals. I think the other thing to note, Jerry, is that there are mix elements as we're pulling back in certain levels of production, they're high-margin products that are coming out. I mean large tractors, combines in North America, certainly regions like Brazil and in North America as well, that's bad mix as you pull out that. It's higher decremental that you're seeing in those particular regions. We are pulling levers to address that, but the savings that you see from the levers doesn't necessarily come through right away. So there's a little bit of a timing piece as well. 
Josh Beal: Yes. I mean -- thanks for the question, Chad. I think we're encouraged by what we're seeing on production costs. I think that's evidenced in performance in Q1. You saw that favorability in both small ag and turf and in large ag in that performance. Yes. So we're feeling good about what we're seeing. We talked about it in some of our comments, but it's negotiating and partnering, frankly, with our suppliers on component costs, we still had opportunity to bring some of that down. We continue to design cost reduction into our products as well. And then we're pulling levers in other parts of the business as well, whether that'd be SA&G and other areas where we do have opportunity to adjust as we see demand shift. And so we're making those -- we're pulling those levers and think we have opportunity in front of us. 
Josh Beal: Yes, thanks for the question, Angel. Yes. A couple of things to note there. As you know, we did bring down the cash flow forecast a bit. And a big piece of that is described or is part of our net income reduction. There's a couple of other levers at play or things that play there. I think first, at working capital assumptions, we expect there's a little bit, maybe kind of another half or so of explaining the difference is from changes in working capital, we still expect inventory to be favorable to cash in 2024, but a little bit less so, and that's reflected in the adjustment.  The other piece is we're seeing some higher level of balance in our portfolio at John Deere Financial. That impacts how much cash we bring back from the financial operation to equipment operations. So that really explains the balance of the change. Thanks for the question. 
Josh Beal: Yes. I mean -- thanks for the question, Steve. Our best indicator of demand is our order book, and I think that was, by and large, the biggest driver here as we made these adjustments.  As we noted large tractors, as we looked at velocity of orders, and we mentioned we're out into the third quarter on orders, but we do see some velocity moderating there. And given that, I think that was a big driver of the change for the segment this quarter was reflecting what we're seeing in our order books. Again, we talked some of the other changes beyond that. Similarly, I think some softening in the European side and some desire to take down inventories there is the other piece. 
Josh Beal: Yes. Great. Thanks, Nicole. I mean, I think as you look at overall equipment operations, we'd expect Q2 to be down relatively more than the down for the rest of the year, although pretty, pretty close. PPA, though, it's a little bit of a different story. That's a little bit more back half loaded. Q3, Q4, I think where you'll see more of the reduction coming out of the PPA segment. 
Josh Beal: Thanks for the question, Tim. And that's all the time we have for today. We really appreciate everybody calling in, and thanks for joining us. Have a great day. 
John May: Thanks, Josh. I'd be happy to. We've had a great start to the year. The quarter was strong, and I truly appreciate the efforts of the entire Deere team to deliver these results. As I think about 2024, it's helpful to consider the smart industrial journey that we've been on, which has been grounded in unlocking incremental value for our customers through technology, and enabling Deere to deliver structurally higher financial performance. I'm extremely pleased with how we've executed our production systems approach, centralized and advanced our tech stack and focused on delivering value across the entire life cycle of our solutions, all while allocating capital in a more efficient and strategic manner. Deere's last few years of financial performance are evidence of the structural improvement that comes with executing our strategy, all while delivering better outcomes for our customers. To put 2024 financials in context, let's look at how we performed since introducing smart industrial. In 2022, our equipment operations net sales were just under $48 billion, and we delivered net income of over $7.1 billion, equating to just over $23 of EPS. In 2023, net sales increased 16% to over $55 billion, and we delivered record net income of over $10 billion or $34.63 per share. Our 2024 guide implies a roughly 15% reduction in net sales, putting us at very similar sales levels to 2022. However, continuing that comparison, our net income forecast of $7.5 billion to $7.75 billion contemplates at least a $400 million improvement over 2022. On an EPS basis, that's growth of over $4 per share, demonstrating the structural improvement enabled by our smart industrial strategy.  Going forward, as we execute our plans under our new operating model, we will deliver better outcomes for our customers and deliver higher levels of financial performance for Deere, generating strong cash flows that will fuel continued reinvestment in the business and significant return to shareholders. 
John May: Yes, Chad, this is John May. Maybe one more thing to add. Certainly, we're not going to forget about managing the fundamentals of the business, and we'll remain absolutely focused on that. And if you think about the things we can control, it's all about disciplined execution within the factories. It's all about focus on quality. That drives cost if you slip at all on that and then cost management.  And then to your point of tackling costs, if you go back to 2020, if you remember, when we first started the Smart Industrial strategy, we did a significant restructuring that positioned the company where it is today to perform at higher levels, regardless of where we are in the cycle. But thank you for that question. 
John May: Yes, Tami, you can tell we're excited. This is John May. I just want to jump in as well. The trend is definitely customers are wanting higher levels of technology, and they want us to rapidly accelerate that in markets where they don't have the infrastructure to support it. Telematics, obviously, and the satellite solution gives us the ability to transfer data onboard and offboard to the machine, but we also have several, several products that rely on that telematics connection, whether we're sharing maps between machines, planters in a given field. So we're going to monetize it through additional technologies that we offer today. In markets like North America, we'll be able to quickly adapt those products and solutions, now that we have this connectivity in markets like Brazil, and we're really excited about it. Thanks for your question. 
Aaron Wetzel: Thanks for the question, Josh. During my recent visits with both dealers and customers across North and South America these past few weeks, I've heard a similar sentiment from customers to what you've outlined. All are coming off record highs these past few years. And with lowering commodity prices and increasing interest rates, they're beginning to shift to a more typical replacement pattern. Dealers in the U.S. continue to see good demand for products, and are proactively managing inventories as the underlying fundamentals of the market change. With this changing environment, customers are seeking opportunities to further improve their productivity and efficiency through the adoption of technology into their operations, technology that will enable them to reduce inputs, improve operational efficiencies and address the labor challenges they face. 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. In fact, just a few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to visit both dealers and customers in Brazil. I was able to spend time with both sugarcane producers as well as soybean customers in the Mato Grosso. Sugarcane customers are seeing strong price for sugar today, and are making investments in equipment to drive efficiencies and productivity improvements. Our recently launched CH950 sugarcane harvester is gaining adoption, as it improves harvest efficiencies through its unique 2-row design and delivers improved fuel efficiency for producers. Our soybean customers are continuing to manage through the impacts from dry conditions in the region. Coming off historically high levels of profitability in the last few years, our soybean customers are shifting to a more normal demand of product. Both customers are very optimistic for the future of Brazil as planted area continues to increase and average yields continue to improve, creating even more production to support the growing demand for commodities globally. 
Aaron Wetzel: This is Aaron. I'd like to add quickly. I believe the key opportunity here is our proactive management of production levels to adjust for the changes we are seeing in our end market demand. We have been highly effective in managing through the changing market dynamics in the U.S., and we'll continue to remain focused on disciplined execution of our pricing strategies in order to maintain performance as we move through the cycle. 
Aaron Wetzel: Sure. Within our production and precision ag business, our Leap Ambitions are to help customers produce more with less, less inputs like herbicides and fertilizers and more productivity through more efficient use of labor. One measurement for this progress is through our engaged acre metrics, where we are planning to achieve 500 million acres engaged by 2026. As customers use our machines and technologies, we expect to see those engaged acres continue to grow. To propel this, we will continue to make significant investments in R&D, prioritized by the needs of our customers around the world and the value we can unlock. Our production and precision ag strategy is predicated on 3 distinct pillars: product leadership, system leadership; and finally, go-to-market leadership. Our products are our machines. They are the foundation of our work and enable customers to do the job in the field every day. Customers rely on our machines during critical times of the year, like planting or harvesting, and need those machines to perform. In fact, we will be reinforcing this focus through one of our most significant new product launches coming in a few weeks.  Customers will see our commitment to provide them with the most advanced machines, new levels of productivity and ability to perform their jobs faster and with more precision. It's going to be exciting and will have an impact on most of our production and precision ag portfolio. Again, reinforcing our commitment to product leadership through industry-leading machine performance and quality. 
Aaron Wetzel: Sure. The system is the key differentiating factor for us in the market. It's the integration of our technology solutions into our machines that make it easier for customers to more precisely plant seeds and apply chemicals and nutrients. The seamless integration of capturing the data from the action in the field and sending it to the cloud, allows customers to make better decisions and develop more efficient and sustainable practices on their farms.  Our technology stack is helping growers reduce costs, improve efficiencies as well as increase yields, generating more profitability for their operations. This translates to significant savings for them as well as more sustainable practices for the environment.  And all of this is enhanced through the use of one key foundational technology, machine connectivity. And for years, we've been working with customers to connect machines through cellular connectivity. However, there are many areas of the world where terrestrial cellular connectivity is not available, like Brazil, for example, where nearly 70% of the current ag productive area does not have access to any connectivity.  This is why we recently entered into an agreement with SpaceX to provide satellite connectivity for our customers. Connectivity that will enable real-time data access, which will drive cost savings and efficiency improvements in customer operations, while also providing the foundation for future advancements in automation and autonomy. This will be key to addressing the growing labor challenges facing our customers today. 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. The third pillar of our strategy is around our dealer channel and our go-to-market capabilities to sell and support not only the equipment, but also the suite of technologies available for customers. Our dealers understand deeply the needs of their customers and where their customers are in their own technology journey, as they work with each customer to provide them solutions to improve their operations.  Furthermore, we are providing the dealers with enhanced tools and capabilities to drive greater adoption and utilization of our technologies. We've launched our Solutions as a Service approach with customers, where we're lowering the overall upfront cost of technology and shifting to a pay-as-you-go model. Our initial experiences have been extremely favorable, as we engage a broader range of customers with our technology.  Additionally, we're gearing up our precision upgrade offerings to further drive technology utilization on many of our existing machines in the field. See & Spray premium is one of the latest products that enables customers with late model sprayers to take advantage of the savings that See & Spray provides. Early demand for this solution has been strong and beyond our initial expectations. 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. First of all, it's super exciting to be able to announce the relationship with SpaceX and the value that this really unlocks for our customers, particularly in the areas where we don't have connectivity available to them.  Just having been in Brazil a few weeks ago and talking to customers there, they're very excited about the opportunities this presents for their operations, being able to now connect their machines and to be able to do the things that Josh just referenced.  In the short term, we'll be planning a retrofit solution as we bring this to market towards the latter part of '24 and make this more fully available in 2025 and beyond. But the intent would be is to bring that into factory installed options available for customers. At the end of the day, we want to provide the tools for our customers to be able to take advantage of the full tech stack and be able to improve the operation and the efficiencies of their farms, and this is a key enabler for them to do that. So we're excited about the future that this brings. 
Aaron Wetzel: Yes. I don't know that I can add much more to what Josh said. Other than, I think, given some of the new technologies we're bringing out across both planters and sprayers, we expect customers to want to take advantage of that for their operations. But we'll closely watch the EOP activity as it transpires through the period and adjust accordingly once we see how things roll out. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. I want to add is our continued focus in investing in Brazil for the long term. During last past quarter, we announced an investment in a Brazil technology development center to focus on product and solutions suited for tropical agriculture. This should enable us to deliver -- develop and deliver solutions for Brazil, in Brazil and bring them to the market more rapidly. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen again. It's also worth noting that most dealers experienced an end-of-year seasonal increase in used equipment, as they take in trades, as they deliver new machines. This increase in used equivalent typically occurs in the first half of the year, which our dealers are accustomed to handling.  And in fact, I was just with some of our dealers from North America, Australia and New Zealand this past week and heard a consistent message from them. They feel comfortable with used inventory levels, especially when compared to where they were last fall. And many were able to proactively reduce inventory and are feeling good about where we're at today. All that to say, we feel comfortable where we are with current, new and used inventory levels and with the plans we have in place to manage them. 
Josh Jepsen: This is Jepsen. I'd like to emphasize quickly the runway that remains on government infrastructure projects in the U.S. Through 2023, roughly 40% of the IIJA dollars have been awarded, but relatively minimal amounts have actually been spent thus far. Needless to say, we expect infrastructure spending to provide a strong tailwind well into '25 and '26 across both our construction and road building segments, as dollars are awarded and projects commence. 
Josh Jepsen: One more thing to add here. All of this work ultimately impacts our decremental margins, as we make decisions to proactively manage production and inventory levels. As we've noted, we'll underproduce in some regions, which will impact decrementals, as we dial down production faster than we realized savings from pulling levers. Additionally, we're negatively impacted by unfavorable mix from declines in high-margin products like combines and tractors, as well as geographies such as Brazil and North America. Importantly, we continue to robustly invest in future value unlock opportunities. 
Josh Jepsen: And one more thing to add as it relates to go to market. We've seen tremendous response to our newly released precision ag essentials upgrade kit, which is our display, receiver and modem with  a SaaS go-to-market approach, offering low upfront cost and annual subscription. Orders exceeded our expectations, and this approach allows us to reach deeper into the installed base of equipment, as a large portion of the sales were incremental, going to customers that did not previously have this level of technology on their existing machines. 
Josh Jepsen: It was a good first quarter, with strong results to get the year going. Fundamentals, overall, began normalizing across our businesses and are supportive of near mid-cycle volume levels. We returned $1.7 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter, while also investing in record levels of R&D to bring new solutions to market.  It was also exciting to see the team highlight some of our solutions at the Consumer Electronics Show in January that are unlocking value for customers, not just economic value, but sustainable value as well.  The company has been through economic cycles in the past, and we know how to manage through various stages of end market demand. As John noted, we expect to perform better across all points of the cycle, as evidenced by our nearly 19% equip ops operating margin forecast just below mid-cycle levels, while remaining focused on managing production and inventories proactively.  We are, at the same time, focused on building a more resilient, less variable business while delivering more value to customers than ever before. We will continue to adapt our business model to enable customers to adopt, use and benefit from our tech stack.  One important thing to consider, our customers do critical work to produce food, fiber, fuel, shelter and infrastructure. The trend of fewer people going to work in these areas is not slowing, and we hear this from our customers each and every day.  What this means is that our solutions need to do more and no one is better positioned to meet our customers' needs than we are, given our ability to seamlessly integrate hardware, software, data, financing and service and support. Importantly, our team of Deere and dealer employees get up each day with a purpose and passion to make our customers' lives easier and enable them to do more with less. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Jerry, this is Josh Jepsen. The one thing I would add is we are continuing to -- our order fulfillment model gives us good visibility. I think we have a good pulse on what's going on. And as a result, we're always going to make those adjustments more quickly than waiting, that allows our factories to get aligned allows us to start driving those changes from a material demand perspective come through. So again, this is all really rooted in as we see some of that order velocity change, see some of the fundamentals change from a customer perspective, getting ahead of that to the extent possible and position ourselves again to build in line with retail as quickly as we can. We're doing that in North America this year. Some of the changes that Josh mentioned will impact what we're doing in North America tractors and combines. But again, a proactive approach and trying to be really mindful of knowing the sooner we see these things, the more quickly we're able to make changes in our factories. 
Josh Jepsen: Kristen, it's Josh Jepsen. Good question. If you look at the change, I'd say, from the underproduction -- underproducing in Brazil, which we planned on and we're executing on in the first quarter and then Europe, that's probably about 1 point drag of operating margin for production precision ag. So that's a decent piece of that. And then as we noted, we've seen just a little more shift in demand in North America, but about 1 point on that underproduction.  I think important to note here, when we talk about underproduction in Brazil and some of the challenges that we faced last year coming into this year, in spite of that, we're seeing in our South American business, still really strong performance. And I think evidence of structural profitability improvement across the company, but even underproducing there somewhat significantly, we're doing mid-teens margins in the region. So we feel good about what we're doing there, the shifts and changes we've made to our business. And again, that's mid-teens margins while underproducing and making sure we're getting inventory in the right spot. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Chad, one thing I'd add. On the overhead side, we do see some headwind on overheads and that a couple of items. Some is just the impact of adjusting production volumes and the time it takes us to see those things come through. The other is we have a contractual step-up from our labor contract, and that's impacting us here in '24 as well. 
Josh Jepsen: David, this is Josh Jepsen, I'll start. I would say in '24, I think we're relatively aligned kind of on replacement to retail. And again, the dynamics -- the fleet fundamentals would say, hey, we're still relatively aged. We're above our long-term averages on high horsepower combines, slightly above kind of the long-term average. So the fleet age, while coming through a few years of strong demand really has not gotten tremendously younger from where we've been in the past. So I think that continues to be supportive. The one other thing I would note is the incremental tool we have -- this go around than we maybe did it a decade ago is our ability to drive technology and technology that can directly impact our customers' bottom line. So taking cost out, improving their profitability, improving their margins. And I think that is particularly helpful for us. As we think about precision upgrades, the ability to go back across the installed base, machines, we mentioned a few things. We've got a limited launch on See & Spray retrofit, which called See & Spray Premium or the precision ag essentials, which I noted, we're seeing strong uptick. It's allowing customers to get into these machines. We're going deeper in the installed base and driving incremental business. So I think the combination of the desire to take cost out of their operations and improve overall productivity and profitability will remain, and we think that's particularly important. 
Josh Jepsen: Steve, the one thing I'd add is the other thing we watch closely is what's going on with used? What's happening with used inventories? What's happening with used prices? And what we've seen is we've seen some uptick in used combine, for example, and used high horsepower, but still relative to historical -- in decent shape. And pricing has held in pretty well. I think we've seen combines from a quarter ago have been up slightly. High horsepower tractors have been flat. However, watching that trend and being mindful and lessons learned from the past to tell us, hey, we want to make sure we're exercising good caution there, knowing where our order books are, but also what are the some of the leading indicators, and that's been a bit of a guide for us as well as we think about our revision here. 
Josh Jepsen: Tami, it's Josh Jepsen. To one part of your question there around how does this -- as we create value, how do you monetize? I think there's a couple of things. One, we would expect these to come through a solution as a service model. And on top of that, enabling -- as you enable automation and enable autonomy, that comes with the combination of hardware and the potential for more of a SaaS solution as these things are getting better over time, and there's ability to continue to improve on those products. So this is foundational, particularly for Brazil, but we think it's going to drive a key component of how we think about solution as a service going forward. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Nicole, I think from a seasonality perspective, I think '24 looks a lot like '23, a more normal distribution in terms of quarterly splits. So expecting the strongest top line margin in 2Q would remain. So not a significant change from a seasonal split perspective in terms of how the business looks. 
Josh Jepsen: Steve, it's Josh Jepsen. I would say, we're running right now. If you look at the total equipment operations, our forecast is probably in the range of 37%, 38% overall kind of across the businesses. And then obviously, there's a range there from 30 to just in the low 40s on the production precision ag side. That's -- that production precision ag piece is clearly impacted by the underproduction there. I mean, historically, that's probably on the decremental side, run higher, closer to 45 I think we're seeing a shift in structurally how we perform and driving that down. And I think [ x ] underproduction would be 40 or maybe a touch better. But I think our focus area is, yes, we can manage this across these businesses in this range of -- from an equip ops perspective in between 35 and 40. And as we continue to execute, drive that down lower.  Now part of that, to your question, one of the points you made is the ability to drive less variability in their business, certainly continuing to execute on our life cycle solutions strategy helps there. The Solutions as a Service as we just talked about with SATCOM as an example and some of the things we're doing on the precision upgrade side. Also, we think we can continue to build a base of revenue and profitability that is much less reliant on just end market demand in terms of new units and volume each and every year. So we're focused there. We're going to continue to execute, but we feel good about the opportunity we have there. 
Josh Jepsen: Yes, this is Josh Jepsen, maybe I'll start. I would say as we look at, going forward, we're early, we'll roll out those early order programs in the June time frame, beginning on planters and then sprayers to follow in that range.  You're right, last year, we saw a little bit of a bifurcation between those. Those generally have looked similar. We saw planters incrementally a little bit weaker than sprayers and sprayers have been constrained. So there has been some difference in what we've seen there. I think importantly, to your question of do we think it's going to be a good indicator? I would say, yes, I think that's always a good opportunity for us to get a pulse on how our folks thinking after they've got a crop in the ground. What are they looking at in terms of upgrading their planters and sprayers and also level of technology and the ability for us to also go back and make trade-ins for folks that do want to upgrade their technology and take those trade-ins and upgrade them for the second or third customer, I think, will be important as well. And our dealers are investing in that activity. They're investing in the capabilities to do that, I think, which is really important.  Go ahead, Aaron. 
