Brent Norwood: [Abrupt Start] any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A session, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s plans and projections for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at johndeere.com/earnings under Quarterly Earnings and Events. I will now turn the call over to Rachel Bach.
Brent Norwood: That’s right. And I would add that global stocks to use remain very tight, keeping grain prices elevated, even if they are down a bit from the highs of last summer. So, the story here is one of slightly lower net income, but still quite profitable, which is true in most ag markets globally. As noted earlier, profitability in Europe remains solid. While grain prices have come off peak levels, input costs have also declined, keeping margins at supportive levels there. The relative profitability varies a bit by region with Central Europe faring a bit better than Western Europe, but overall, still solid across the region. And in Brazil, higher production and favorable FX has kept profitability solid, making the region one of the strongest from a fundamentals perspective. The political transition and rising interest rate environment could result in some softening for smaller ag equipment, but large ag equipment demand is holding steady.
Brent Norwood: Sure. If we dissect the segment, around two-thirds of our sales are linked to products tied to ag production systems like dairy and livestock, hay and forage and high-value crops. The remainder is tied more to consumer-oriented products. So hay and forage and livestock margins remain above recent historical averages. Additionally, dealer inventory to sales ratio for midsized tractors are below normal levels. So this part of Small Ag & Turf has remained steady. A good proof point here is that the order book for our midsized tractors built in Monheim, Germany is filled well into the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023. On the other hand, turf and utility equipment is more closely correlated with the general economy, specifically housing. So we have seen softening there, particularly in compact utility tractors. This is one place where we have seen industry inventories build. And to round out the conversation on order books, Construction & Forestry is also full into the fourth quarter. Given levels of demand, we do not anticipate any rebuilding – any rebuilding of channel inventory in fiscal year 2023.
Brent Norwood: A mix of both. We are heading into the prime spring selling season for turf and utility equipment. So we normally have some inventory build at this time of the year that will sell-off as we go through the spring. But we are monitoring channel inventory closely, so we can react quickly if there is further softening in demand.
Brent Norwood: Yes. For large ag, our dealers remain on allocation as we have mentioned. The vast majority of orders are marked for retail and have a customer name associated with them. So, we don’t expect to see restocking of dealer inventory this year. You will see some channel inventory build seasonally a bit as we ramp up production ahead of the season, but we don’t predict much change in dealer inventory year-over-year by our fiscal year-end. We expect any restocking to be more of a 2024 story. And as I noted, it’s the same for our North America Construction & Forestry business. Dealer inventory is at historic lows. Based on retail demand and our production levels, we don’t anticipate much increase in dealer inventory. Again, we would expect any build there to occur in 2024.
Brent Norwood: Absolutely. For PPA and C&F, we are confident in the rest of the year demand. And it’s likely that our seasonality for the remainder of the year will look more like our historical cadence with the second and third quarters expected to be the highest in revenue for PPA, for example. The supply chain needs to continue to improve, enabling higher production rates. Part delinquencies and delays have abated, but have not returned to pre-pandemic levels or anything we would consider indicative of a healthy supply chain. Our guidance contemplates that we can procure the material we need to continue production at current daily rates. So with respect to top line guidance, we do not see significant demand risk for the rest of the year, but we do need the supply base to continue to execute. When it comes to production costs, there are a few variables to consider. As Josh mentioned, while raw material prices and the need for premium freight have eased, we continue to see inflation on purchase components, labor and energy. So some puts and takes there. If the supply chain continues to improve, we could see some additional productivity gains in our operations.
Brent Norwood: Now we are ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure. In consideration of others and our hope to allow more of you to participate in the call please limit yourself to one question. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Brent Norwood: With respect to production costs, Seth, there is quite a bit to unpack there. I mean I think first and foremost, our factories were running a lot better in the first quarter, really better in the first quarter than at any other point in – over the course of 2022. So we were able to hit line rates that we were expecting to hit as well as completing the machines and the sequence that we intended to complete them on. With respect to production costs, they are still going to run higher on a year-over-year basis for the full year, but at a diminishing rate when compared to production cost increases that we saw in 2022. If I dissect the components of production costs, there is a few puts and takes there. Raw materials were slightly favorable in the first quarter, but that will get more favorable as we progress through the year. Freight was already favorable in the first quarter as well, and we do believe that will continue rest of the year. Where we are still seeing inflation impacting the production cost line item for us is really in purchase components. and those tend to inflate on a lagging basis. If you think about the inflation that our Tier 3, Tier 2 suppliers are experiencing, it takes a while for that to bubble up into our production costs. So the inflation they have with respect to labor and raw mats are really hitting us on a lagging basis. That’s what’s driving some of the higher production costs year-over-year. I’d also note that labor and energy are going to be higher on a year-over-year basis, also taking production costs on an absolute basis up year-over-year. Now that said, we are actively working with our suppliers to sort of get back any sort of inflation that’s linked to raw material. So you’ll see us very much focused on cost for the rest of the year.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Good morning, Dillon, thanks for the question. With respect to this particular cycle, I think there is a lot of variables at play. First off, we’ve had a really strong start to the year. And our guidance would indicate we’re going to have a very strong rest of year as well. We note the backdrop right now is very supportive. Farmer fundamentals are really strong. And we had a record year in 2022. But as we look at 2023, it’s going to be a slight decline, but still at a very, very positive level. Crop cash receipts are down 3%, farmer net income is down 16%, but both of those figures would be higher than the peak of any prior cycle. So right now, I think our farmers are in really good shape. I think another thing to contemplate with respect to this particular cycle is the way that it really unfolded has been at a slower pace than what the market would typically facilitate. We saw demand inflect in early 2021, but the industry was suffering from significant supply constraints over that year ‘22 and in ‘23. We are still shorting demand on some level in ‘23 and much of that or some of that will certainly push into subsequent years. So this cycle is difficult to compare to prior cycles because of some of these artificial and external constraints that are placed on the business. Now with respect to 2024, certainly, too early to make a call there, there is a lot of variables between now and then we have to plant the 2023 crop. We want to see where ag inputs normalize, things like fertilizer, seed and chemicals have been somewhat volatile in their pricing over the last couple of – or last year or so. And we’ve got a number of swing exporters, I would say, when you contemplate areas like the Black Sea region as well as Argentina. So a lot of variables need to play out and we will start to collect our first data point on next year really this summer, when we run our crop care early order program, we will collect some additional data points in the fall with our combine early order program. That said, how we intend to exit 23, we think we will exit at a really healthy rate. The fleet age will still be advanced. And inventories, both new and used are going to continue to be tight.
Brent Norwood: John, with respect to price, I think there is a lot to contemplate there. The pricing actions that we’ve taken have been commensurate with the level of production cost that we and the industry have experienced. And Josh noted this earlier, if you look at our 2022 margins for production precision ag, they were actually down year-over-year when compared to ‘21, even on 33% higher revenue. So we’ve absorbed a lot of production costs and have had to take price measures to account for that. I think what we’ve seen so far is no sign of demand disruption yet. Our customers have been really profitable over the last few years. And the good news is we are seeing signs of moderation in our production cost increases. So in our – from our perspective, that does point to, I would say, a reversion to the mean in terms of normal price increases year-over-year as we start to stabilize with respect to higher production costs.
Brent Norwood: Hey, Tim, thanks for the question. With respect to gross margins, we would expect to see rest of year somewhat in line with what you saw in the first quarter. As Josh noted, we will have and put up the strongest price realization number in Q1. That will moderate a little bit as we go through the year. What offsets that, though, is our cost compares get more favorable. And so I think the dynamic between moderating price combined with better cost compares will sort of work to offset each other and keep our gross margins roughly in line with what you saw in the first quarter.
Brent Norwood: Hey, good morning, Steve. With respect to our stated goal of 20% margins – through-cycle margins by 2030, maybe a couple of things to unpack there. First goal is to get to a structural through-cycle margin achievement at that point. And we would say we’re not quite there yet. I understand that our guidance would imply 20% for this year. And we certainly have progressed beyond our original goal of 15%, but there is still a little bit further to go on the journey. Part of this year’s performance is based on the best demand environment that we’re in. I think the other thing I would point out there is keep in mind that there is an entirely other element to that goal around the reduction of the standard deviation around margins. And we’re just now beginning to make progress on our recurring revenue goal by getting the right tech stack out in the market. So I think that part of the journey, we still have a much further way to go. We’re getting started. I think we’re off to a good start. But it’s really – you need to consider both our goal to get to sort of through-cycle margins of 20%, but then also minimize the volatility around that 20% as part of the goal suite as well. Thanks, Steve.
Brent Norwood: Hey, David, with respect to price, I think your math is probably fair in terms of seeing that price realization number moderate a little bit as we go through the year. Compared to last year, in 2023, we won’t see as much midyear price increase. So a lot of the impact that we’re seeing early in the part of 2023 is based on sort of midyear price actions that we took last year. So I think as we migrate from fiscal year ‘23 into ‘24, it will be a little bit more of a kind of clean break in terms of pricing and will be mostly dependent on what we do for new list prices in ‘24. The calculus there is really going to be based on what we’re seeing in production costs. We’ve seen some positive tailwinds beginning this – in the first quarter of this year, and we would expect some of that to get better as we go through the year. But we’re going to have to take a wait-and-see approach until we get a little bit closer to early order programs before we maybe have a fully formed view on where pricing might be in ‘24. Thanks, David.
Brent Norwood: Hi Mike. Thanks for the question. With respect to pricing, I would – I think the historical trend would point to a normal environment of 2% to 3% pricing based on inflation and roughly maybe 3% to 4% based on additional features. Now, when we quote price realization in our press release, we are only quoting inflationary prices, right. We don’t quote the addition to average selling prices that come from those new features in precision ag that would typically fall in the mixed bar on our waterfall charts. And I think on a go-forward basis, the 3% to 4% is largely in line with what we would expect to continue going forward. With respect to industry discipline, we will play a wait and see approach how that plays out over the course of this year. I think it will be largely dependent on the inventory levels that we see in large ag, North America large ag specifically. Right now, those continue to be pretty tight. And as long as they remain tight, there is not a lot of incentive for the industry itself to be undisciplined on price. But again, we will wait and see how that plays out as we progress through the year. Thanks Mike.
Brent Norwood: So, with respect to the drivers of the C&F beat, I think there is a couple of things to unpack there. First, operationally, that division executed very well in the quarter and the order book remains really strong. Demand has really held up in that division for us. I would say that Wirtgen was exceptional in their performance in the first quarter. And of course, we have got a little extra price there. Jamie, you noted there were a couple of miscellaneous items. Those were around some FX hedging gains that we took primarily in the quarter. What I would tell you is that the Construction & Forestry division is one where we have been working to improve structural performance for the last couple of years. You have seen that with the Wirtgen acquisition we made 5 years ago as well as the decision we made last year to purchase out the – our JV partner in the Deere-Hitachi relationship. I think those are things that will continue to deliver structural performance as we move forward, and it’s a division, we are really excited about the growth opportunities in.
Brent Norwood: Hey Mircea, with respect to our backlog, I think there is a couple of things to discuss there. The level of the backlog that has grown relative to history, some of that’s just coming from increased valuation of our – of the price point of our machines, right. So, if you compare on an absolute basis, that’s certainly going to look higher. Certainly, the last couple of years, order books have run further than that they have had during prior years. And I think that reflects the environment that we are in where demand is far exceeding supply. Certainly, if we get back to a more normalized supply and demand environment, that can moderate a little bit. But with respect to 2024, it still remains – it’s still a little early, I think to have a perspective in terms of how far those order books are going to run ahead of the year. What I would tell you though is based on where we are at right now, we expect to have little field inventory by the end of the year. And many of our dealers are fully expecting that some products are going to remain on allocation in 2024. So again, that’s what we see today. But again, we will let this season play out. We will let this crop play out before we have a fully firm view on what that backlog looks like for next year.
Brent Norwood: Hi Tami. I would say overall inventory remains below historic averages. And there is probably – there is a few pockets where it’s built, and I will call those out. But North America, large ag again, we don’t see any big builds this year. If we compare where we are today versus historical averages, if I look at 220-plus horsepower tractors, we are sitting at about 14% inventory to sales ratios. Typically, that’s going to be in the mid-20s to maybe even low-30s at this point in the year. Four-wheel drives and combines are – I think are at a similar point there. And so I think there is definitely some restocking that will serve as a tailwind in subsequent years there. C&F is really a similar narrative. We are sitting between 15% and 20% inventory to sales ratios. And typically, that’s going to run in the mid-30s to maybe even low-40s is depending on what our expectation is of the market. So, there is a little bit of restocking tailwind. I think that’s more of a ‘24 event, assuming that the supply chain continues to get better and demand holds. Where we have seen a few areas of inventory build, as we called out earlier, it’s really on the small compact utility tractors, so the under-40 horsepower, where you have seen our inventory get to about a 50% inventory to sales ratio. The industry is even higher, maybe about 10 points higher. And then the other pockets that have built a little bit have been really in Brazil, CE and Brazil small ag. And Brazil has been a market where it’s kind of – it’s really a tale of two markets there. Inventory, I think is right in line with where we want it to be for large ag. It’s built a little bit on the small ag side. And what you are seeing there is those producers have a little more sensitivity to higher interest rates. And I think as a result, that’s really cooled the market a bit here in the first quarter. We will see how that trends. We are watching it really closely for those 5 Series, 6 Series tractors that we sell in the Brazilian market. But otherwise, I would say inventory there is more normalized. Thanks Tami.
Brent Norwood: Certainly. So, for North America large ag, our large factories like Waterloo and Harvester Works, we talked about the first quarter having about 25% less production days than what we would have had in the fourth quarter. So, sequentially, it was significantly less production days. Now, as we look forward to the second quarter, second quarter we will have, I would say an average number of production days. So, more similar to what we had in the fourth quarter of 2022. It’s roughly between 60 and 65 production days for that quarter.
Brent Norwood: Hey Jerry. Regarding precision take rates, I would say there is not a lot new to report this quarter from last quarter. If you recall, at the end of the fourth quarter, we had already completed all of our early order programs for both crop care and combined. So, we are running a little bit ahead of schedule than what our normal order book cadence would typically show. So, as a result, we haven’t taken a lot of new orders over the last quarter for those products as they are pretty much sold out for the entire year. We did fill out an extra month or extra quarter of tractor orders. But maybe just to reiterate some of the things that we talked about last quarter. Take rates for our marquee precision ag technologies all moved up notably things like ExactEmerge and ExactApply saw higher take rates. And then some of our more recent precision ag product offerings like ExactRate or the sugarcane harvester CH-950 also improved remarkably. I think for now, we are very focused on this next generation of products like autonomy, like See & Spray. And then Jerry, you also brought up retrofit. This is also another part of the tech stack that we are investing in significantly right now. And I think still early days there, but really excited about some of the things that you will see head to market over the next couple of years.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Thanks Kristen for the question. Maybe a couple of – I will make a couple of near-term comments and then would love to talk about the longer term there. I mean for 2023, that’s a market that’s going to see record production for corn and soy and near-record production for cotton and sugar. Profitability will be outstanding this year. So, really good near-term fundamentals. Our guides up flat to up 5% after a really big 2022. So, we are really excited about the fundamentals there. Right now, also in the near-term, and I will point this out, it is a little bit of a tail of two markets, right, where large ag is performing at a higher level than small ag. Again, small ag, more sensitivity to things like interest rates. But Brazil continues to be the strongest market for us in South America. Now, longer term, it is a market we are incredibly excited about. There is probably no other market in the world that has the scale that Brazil has. And the need for technology there is so significant. And it’s not just this next-generation technology that we are talking about, there is a lot of tools that we have today that haven’t been fully deployed in Brazil. Connectivity is maybe one of the biggest barriers. We are working really hard to solve that. And when we do solve that, we think there is a significant unlock just utilizing today’s technology much less when we get to a point where we have got things like autonomy and See & Spray deployed in Brazil. So, you will continue to see that as a market we are going to invest heavily in, in a market that really plays to our strength, particularly as we have seen just a continuation of this migration from lower horsepower equipment to higher horsepower, more precise equipment, I think it really plays to Deere strength longer term there.
Brent Norwood: Yes. Hey Mike. Thanks for the question. It will depend a little bit on what product line we are talking about for large ag. If we meet our production goals, this year tractors will sort of maintain their age. We won’t – they won’t age up further, but they really won’t get younger. We pointed to that, this out before in the past. Our production levels in 2023 are still 20%, 25% below prior replacement cycles. So, as a result, we will likely just maintain large tractor age in 2023. We will make a little bit of progress on combines pulling down the age a bit, but I would note that, the ending point for this year is still above sort of the average fleet age over a longer period of time. For construction, it depends on the end market we are talking about, to some degree. That age is normalizing in some pockets. But we also have, I would say, the rental channel is really re-fleeting right now. And this is because they obviously had lower CapEx budgets in 2020, ‘21. And then in 2022, they weren’t able to get maybe as much allocation as they wanted, given how earlier in the year, that market was so strong. So, I think there is probably a longer way to go when we think about rental fleet age and that may be a multiyear journey there. Thanks for the question Mike.
Brent Norwood: And that’s our final question for today. We thank everybody for joining us and look forward to reporting in three months from now. Thanks all.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One thing I’d like to add here is that when we meet with dealers, we hear consistent message from them, too. They are positive on the outlook and customer demand. We even get feedback they could quote more customers if they weren’t on allocation. So we feel good that the demand is out there. Our dealers are also optimistic about the level of tech adoption and demand for precision ag solutions as customers look to reduce expensive inputs, which improve profitability and sustainability. And this is not just a North American theme, but across the globe. I was with our dealers from Latin America earlier in the quarter and the appetite for increased technology from our customers is very strong and our dealers are investing heavily to deliver on the value proposition.
Josh Jepsen: Maybe a couple of things to add here. As mentioned, our dealer inventories remain below historic levels as demand outpaces supply. We have noted a few times that our order books are still on allocation basis. And this continues because while supply challenges have eased, the supply chain is still fragile. It’s getting better, but we continue to experience higher-than-normal supply disruptions. We are working with our supply chain and doing our best to try to ensure delivery to our customers. Second, since new equipment inventories remain tight, our dealers are seeing the benefit in used equipment. Deals are turning their used equipment very quickly at a historically fast pace, demonstrating resilient demand for used. As a result, used equipment inventories are at low levels and used equipment prices continue to be strong. This is a positive for customers as it reduces their trade differentials. This is especially true for both large ag and Construction & Forestry.
Josh Jepsen: You are right. It’s not a normal year-over-year compare. It’s really comparing 2 years’ worth of price increases. Last year, during the first quarter, we were still shipping a fair number of model year ‘21 machines. We were behind on deliveries due to the work stoppage at some of our largest U.S. factories. So for example, a lot of tractors we shipped during the first quarter of 2022 were actually model year ‘21 machines and model year ‘21 pricing. During the remainder of fiscal ‘22, we experienced significant material inflation, but we also successfully increased line rates to catch up on shipments. So we shipped most of the model year ‘22 tractors during fiscal ‘22. So now here in the first quarter of ‘23, nearly all of the tractor shipments were model year ‘23. So when one looks at the first quarter year-over-year price comparison is really model year ‘23 versus model year ‘21 or 2 years worth of price. We do believe the price comparisons will moderate in the back half of the year. Our full year forecast contemplates production cost increasing year-over-year due to the impact of labor, energy prices and purchase components, tough we do expect the increases to be at a much lesser extent than we experienced in ‘22. We expect to benefit from improvements in commodity prices, decreased use of premium freight and increased productivity as our operations run more smoothly. Looking forward though as inflationary pressures subside, we expect a reversion to our historical averages for price increases.
Josh Jepsen: This is Josh. One, I want to point out that when it comes to costs, we are not just waiting for things to get better. We’re working with our suppliers to improve on-time deliveries and manage through inflationary pressures. We continue to look for opportunities to source differently when it makes sense, and we’re looking at our own processes as well to continue to improve efficiency and cost we can control. So cost is top of mind and a key focus area
Josh Jepsen: Yes. A few things here to highlight. We made progress on our Leap Ambitions, including engaged, highly engaged, sustainably engaged acres. Engaged acres give us a foundational understanding of customer utilization of Deere technology, and we continue to enable our customers to use data to do more with less, unlocking economic value, while also improving environmental outcomes. We formed partnerships to accelerate this value unlock for customers. One example is a demonstration farm with Iowa State University, where over several years, we will be able to test various sustainable farm management strategies and farming practices. We will be able to collect data that mirrors our customers’ applications and decision-making to deliver better solutions. We introduced the exact shot feature on planters at CES 2023. This is a great example of a solution that enables our customers to do more with less and leverages our tech stack, pulling nozzle technology from sprayers onto ExactEmerge planter to deliver starter fertilizer on the seed and only on the seed when planting. We also introduced a prototype of our first fully electric excavator at CES. It’s a Deere designed excavator with a Kreisel battery. It shows our focus on electrification in response to customer pull for quieter and safer solutions, while executing jobs in a lower emission manner, is an example of the team making progress on reducing Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions for which we have validated science-based targets. With our focus on creating value for customers and being organized around their production systems, the solutions shown at CES underpinned the message of real purpose real technology with a real impact in all we do. I also want to highlight the significant progress we made in terms of our operational sustainability goals. For example, Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, we had a goal of 15% reduction between 2017 and 2022. As we close out 2023, we almost doubled that achieving a reduction of nearly 29% during that time frame. So it’s not just our products, but our operations having a positive impact, too.
Josh Jepsen: Sure. It was a good first quarter. Strong results in start of the year. Fundamentals in demand across are solid across most parts of our business. The supply chain is showing early signs of improvement, but remains fragile, so the teams are managing through it. We’re proud of the team of employees, suppliers and dealers as we continue to work together to deliver our products and solutions to our customers. It was also very exciting at CES to reveal new solutions that will unlock value for our customers, not just economic value, but sustainable as well. You can read about it and the progress in the 2022 sustainability report, but to see it at CES and our strategy in action reinforces our belief that we have tremendous purpose and the ability to deliver real value for all those associated with Deere.
Josh Jepsen: Seth, it’s Josh. Maybe one to add there is. Last year, as we saw this, we had – because of the way our price programs we work on early order programs, we had set price and then we saw inflation come through. So while we were price production cost positive in ‘22, it was just slightly positive. ‘23, we would expect that to be much more positive as we catch up a bit on the pricing side and start to see some of the increases come in. So that will be more positive in ‘23 than it was in ’22 Thank you.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Dillon, maybe one thing I would add here, and this gets back to our strategy and I think how we are a fundamentally different company in terms of what we’re delivering to customers, how we’re integrating technology to drive value for customers, really irrespective of where end markets are, the ability to take cost out and to increase productivity and profitability for customers. So we’re very, very focused on our ability to dampen cyclicality over time, be less reliant on sheer unit volume as we drive better economics for our customers and better per unit economics for Deere. So we feel really good about the opportunity to drive growth and our ability to create value for customers. Thanks, Dillon. We will go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. Maybe, John, one add I would throw in there is when we look at the impact of equipment on the P&L for customers is still a relatively small percentage. And I think important in that is it’s a relatively small percentage, and we’re actively focused on other parts of the P&L, how do we take cost out and how do we improve yield. I think that’s really important kind of to my previous comment on being able to do that is beneficial regardless of where end markets are or where commodity markets are. So that focus, the ability to do that over time that we think is differentiated. But as Brett mentioned, we do think as inflationary pressures abate, we will see prices come back into what we’ve seen in the past. Thanks, John.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Tim, I think that’s fair from a gross margin perspective. And if you think about just profitability overall, our operating margins, we do have higher R&D year-over-year. We’re investing at a record level of R&D. And I think that really speaks to our confidence and optimism and the value that we can create. That’s clearly not in the gross margins. But as you think about operating margins, we do see that higher year-over-year and probably higher rest of the year than compared to 1Q. Thanks, Tim. Go ahead – go to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. One thing to add, Jamie. Those two things Brent mentioned are critical. And then on top of that, it’s been really, really tough on how we leverage technology into both earthmoving and road building as well as forestry because as with most industries, there is – there are significant labor challenges. So, the ability to automate jobs and bring technology to make jobs safer and easier to do is really, really important. So, you will see us leverage technology there. You would be thoughtful in surgical and how we pull things over from PPA, precision ag, for example, and we think that will – that is another structural component as we go forward. Thanks Jamie.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Mircea, it’s Josh. Maybe a couple of things to add. Some of this too is impacted by the supply chain and what is the status of the supply chain and the ability to get material to produce, which impacts how far out we are ordered. I think the – that’s really, really critical. I think the other component is thinking about where are we at from a field inventory perspective, where a dealer is at. This year, we have, by and large, been serving retail customers. So, we have not been building stock for dealer inventory. So, I think that’s an important opportunity that dealers would like to have a little more inventory that’s not just going to retail as we look forward in ‘24. Thanks Mircea.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Jamie. Maybe one thing to add as we think about broadly across all of our businesses, seasonality, as Brent mentioned, returning to look much more similar to what it has in the past, but I would note are probably much more similar from a top line and margin point of view than they 2Q, 3Q are probably much more similar from a top line and margin point of view than they historically have been. So, I think we would see a little bit flatter sales and margin between 2Q compared to 3Q versus historical. Thanks Tami. We will go ahead to our next question.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Jerry. And one thing you will hear from us, too, I think is a shift to think about utilization including further engagement with our dealers. And then our teams recently met with our dealers, we have an annual precision ag meeting, and there is a lot of excitement and investment happening in this space to enable our customers to get more out of the solutions that we deliver and better outcomes. And as noted, you may recall in the past, we have talked about, we are including in our dealer incentive plans, precision ag engagement. So, that’s a component of their plan. So, that’s new for ‘23, but underlines the importance of what we are doing there and the dealer’s commitment. Thanks Jerry.
Josh Jepsen: Hey Kristen. As Brent mentioned, the appetite and the adoption of technology there, in particular in Brazil, is happening faster than anywhere else in the world. I think importantly, we have already gone on a significant journey with our dealers over – really over the past two decades in terms of building dealers of scale with the ability to support service, very sophisticated farmers, high levels of technology, and they are very excited about it. The other important piece, too, is we have talked about in the past, we have a target of having margins in South America, be North American and like. And we have really done that. Over the last year, we have seen the margin performance significantly improved to now where it’s North American like, if not a bit better, so really good about the progress and the future there in an area of continued focus. Thanks.
