Raj Kalathur: Before we respond to your questions, I would like to share some thoughts on performance of the Ag & Turf division and outlook for the full year. First, I would like to address the change in our Ag & Turf margin forecast from 12.5% to 12%. The decrease was largely due to an unfavorable change in mix. 2019 North American large ag volumes are now forecasted to be flat to 2018, showing the resiliency of replacement demand cycle in light of trade uncertainty and unfavorable weather during Canadian harvest. The flat combine order book in the U.S. reflects farmer concern over prolonged global trade uncertainty, which has resulted in a wait-and-see approach for the 2019 season. Specifically, many farmers were citing the tariff deadline on March 1st as an important date to watch for further clarity on the export market for soybeans. The momentum shifts and equipment orders that we observed during the progressive phases of our early order programs reflect this cautious behavior as planter and sprayer EOPs ended up mid-single digits while the more recent U.S. combine early order program ended flat. It's important to reiterate that the underlying fundamentals of replacement demand are still very much intact even if 2019 experiences a brief pause in further growth. Encouragingly, our dealers are reporting robust quoting activity and are optimistic that further clarity on trade flow will be constructive to retail demand. The hours and age of the fleet along with the technology advancements included in our latest offerings will continue to drive demand. Importantly, we firmly believe a timely resolution of the global trade issues affecting agricultural markets will drive resumed growth in the replacement cycle. Lastly and very importantly, global demand for grain is projected to increase again in 2019, bringing supply and demand into a more favorable balance this marketing year and further improving next year with consumption projected to outpace production. This will mark the 24th consecutive year of global demand growth and this key tailwind along with our proven ability to perform throughout the cycle gives us confidence in our capability to deliver strong results in 2019 and beyond. Furthermore, our strong market position will allow us to capitalize on these long-term trends. Thanks to the advantages of our product portfolio breadth, technology leadership, and world-class channel.
Raj Kalathur: And Jaime, on your question about ag and top line 4% trade, what we would say is, trades impacted the sentiment and that's more temporary. So, we would say there is an upside if there is trade resolution. Now, if the trade thing prolongs, we still think the downside is not as much because we think that the replacement demand from what we are seeing is still very healthy. So when we factor all these upside, downside, we said, yes, trade is a negative right now, but longer term it will tend to work out. And then beyond that, the fundamentals are just very strong, that's why we left the Ag where it is -- and then if you look at Brazil, places like that, that's actually up for us and small ag is up. There are other portions of Ag that are actually working us up.
Raj Kalathur: Yes, so overall, if the trade war extends further, we see limited downside risk, okay? Now, overall, we know that some of this trade -- we've always said, the trade routes will be realigned and the trade flows will readjust and it's going to be bumpy when that happens for a couple of years and that's kind of what we are seeing, but the underlying fundamentals of Ag are still pretty strong and the replacement demand as we have said are looking strong.
Raj Kalathur: Andy, overall, the $4.4 billion cash flow from operations is still very strong. It will always have some working capital shifts as we go from one month to the next and those are -- and then we also had some changes to you know dividends from JDF based on the size of the portfolio, ending portfolio and such. So, still a very strong cash flow from operations.
Raj Kalathur: Again, Ann, no, I'm not sure we'll say there is a permanent damage already. So what we would say is, trade flows will reroute, now and again, the fundamentals are still very strong. As you know, cash receipts are important, right. That's a big predictor for ag equipment demand in the U.S. and Canada. And global demand for grains including oilseeds has been growing for the last 24 years. If you look at the last 5 marketing years, weather has been very good in general, and production has been plentiful and higher than the growing consumption portion. Even though, production has been plentiful for the last 5 years, and the 2018 and '19 marketing year, you’re seeing production and consumption and better balance. As we said, consumption is forecast to be higher than production, reducing stocks and putting pressure on commodity prices again. So, now, these are the reasons why commodity prices are holding up very well and well above breakeven prices from what INFORMA economics would say for many farmers. Again, that's the reason why farmers who are good economic actors continue to consistently plant 320 million acres of major crop in the U.S., which means they are going to utilize their machine earnings and so the need for replacement equipment. So, we think on balance, downside is still pretty limited.
Josh Jepsen: Yes. I'll try to unpack that a little bit, Steve. I think, first, on the guide and Raj’s comments relative to the trade disputes. I mean, when we were really looking at our guide, we're thinking about what are the demand drivers, what are the fundamentals, and that really informs what we're doing. As you think about kind of what does that mean over the course of the rest of the year for us, we do expect some recovery in orders and we would say, that could come from either trade resolution or just a refocusing on the fundamentals for our farmer customers, and that really means -- the P&Ls as we think about cash receipts being up, as Raj mentioned, the production being outpaced by consumption. So, I think those are the couple of components in play there. As it relates to C&F, you are right when you think about the guidance for top line coming in a little bit, that's really driven entirely by Wirtgen coming back some, and your assumption there is also correct, it’s really driven by some of those markets like China, Turkey, Argentina where we've seen some weakening there and some shifting in their mix. From a legacy C&F perspective, we've seen continued strength in that order book. As Brent mentioned, we're out 4 to 5 months and really driven by economic indicators that continue to be positive. We called out what we've seen from the independent rental companies, but also just the general backlog of work that our contractors have. So, we've seen that top line and C&F move up slightly while the Wirtgen numbers come in some. So, that's kind of the combination of how those all interplay. Thank you will go ahead and jump to the next question.
Josh Jepsen: So, I guess maybe to put in context. If you look at RNA, we see the drag in the first quarter, when you think about the full-year, we do not see that as a drag for the full-year. So that's one. That’s a significant difference between the quarter and then the full year.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, so the first quarter, it was -- I mean just one thing to consider there is seasonally this quarter is a really small quarter for their business. As you think about their overall impact in terms of the colder weather, you’re not building roads and the like, so first quarter, it was something like in the range of $600 million of sales for their full year. So, comparatively that -- it's the smallest quarter that they would have from a sales perspective, from a margin perspective.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, it's really just driven -- yes, it's driven by the -- really what is historically a weak quarter in terms of their activity and that's been common for them. Their seasonality being really slow in the first quarter, when you think about the full year for Wirtgen we’re 12.5% margin. We feel really good about that business and the long term prospects there. So I think that's not a huge surprise in terms of how they are performing. So with that, we can talk more off-line, David. We’ll jump next question.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean 2Q it's historically always -- we always see a pretty significant step-up. It's our largest sales quarter and as Brent mentioned, you know, we expect our seasonality on top line to be pretty similar if you break out kind of in a percentage term in terms of how the other quarters break out from a sales point of view. And so I think as we perform in the past would be a good indicator of our expectations going forward.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, the biggest portion of that change was just shift in working capital as we refine forecast. And, you know, you have some seasonality movement and the like. But that was the biggest driver.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I don't think it's significantly different. I mean, I think some of it is timing related in terms of how that's -- how it moves and when that inventory and receivables are moving in and out throughout the year, but it's not a significant shift.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think Ann, this is Josh, I'll start. I mean I think when we think about the trade flow rerouting, I think, the positive thing is, we've seen some of that already occurring, we've seen more of our soybeans going to places like Europe, like Egypt, former Brazilian trade partners. So those things are happening. And I think it gets back to the fundamentals of -- demand has increased and it looks to continue to increase and there are only a few places in the world that produce enough soybeans to meet that demand. So, I think it's really hard to say what do we think permanent damage is because we have seen some of this reroute and move.
Josh Jepsen: Maybe start with the latter, on the R&D, it's really just an adjustment related to timing and how those programs are working out. So no significant shifts there or anything other than just tuning up our forecast for how we're spending through the first quarter and how we see that playing out for the year. As it relates to the large tractors as we talked about, we have seen orders slow some compared to where we were a quarter ago really, as the prolonged trade uncertainty is pausing some purchase decisions as customers take a wait and see approach. I think it's important as we talked to our dealers our dealers, we just had a meeting with all of our dealer CEOs, and we see -- they see a lot of traffic in the dealership, strong quoting activity. And when you look at the first three months of the year, we saw a pretty -- really strong retail activity across large tractors and combine. So, I think while you do -- we've seen some folks maybe sitting a little bit on the side line waiting, the traffic is there and the dealerships, they are quoting. So, as Raj mentioned, I think a little more certainty we definitely believe those drivers of demand continue to be there.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean I think if you look at our full year right now, and think about kind of the biggest drivers of impact -- that are margins FX and mix, from an incremental perspective, you'd be kind of in the mid-30s, if you didn't have those drivers. So, I think that's fair to say, those two things have been the biggest hindrance to our full-year guide.
Josh Jepsen: I mean our view is -- I think, we were very comfortable with our inventory levels there, as you look at for example in AEM, 100 horsepower and above inventory, and you look at the industry less Deere is about 70%, and we're about half of that. So we're continuing to manage that diligently and will continue to be cautious and thoughtful about how we're managing field inventory. Combines, for example, we would be about a third lower than the industry less Deere, so continuing to be thoughtful on the inventory position out there.
Josh Jepsen: I think seasonally like I mentioned earlier 1Q is kind of the – I’d say, slowest, smallest quarter and you see that impact. I think you also have the component of they own a significant amount of their channel, so you know as they are even building inventory or building machines, that those aren't necessarily getting sold to third parties. So, you have some of that impact. And then -- there is a component of as we align our order fulfillment strategies, we're going to work to optimize field inventory and be thoughtful about how we manage that. So, I think those are the biggest drivers, we talked a little bit about the sales come in -- taking our sales guide to be flat year-over-year around 3.4 billion. And that’s really on I'd say softness in some key markets, China in particular, which is one that’s been well discussed and then a little bit of shifting in terms of mix amongst their product lines that drive some of that activity, but those are really the drivers of that business.
Josh Jepsen: I think this is kind of normal seasonality for that business, Mig. The first quarter is traditionally a much lighter margin quarter, it gets much better as you move into the remainder of the year, particularly in the kind of mid-quarters, it would be R2 and 3Q and so that's normal for their business. So, that that's what we would expect so I don't think this is not a big departure from what we've seen for their seasonality in the past. We can chat more offline, we've got more additional questions, Mig. We will go ahead and go to next question please.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, I mean, I think we would expect to see some level recovery in orders, again, as we talked about, whether that comes from trade resolution or just refocus on the underlying fundamentals. That would be there in terms of what we'd expect to see. And I think the thing that we feel good about, as you mentioned, is we're seeing a lot of traffic. The drivers of that demand continue to be there, hours, age on the equipment. Many farmers, as Brent mentioned, from an underlying fundamental perspective you know, '18, '19 you see prices higher on three of the four major crops. So, I think that's a significant driver as well.
Josh Jepsen: It's a good question. I mean, we have seen across the earlier programs continued strong adoption of technology whether it's ExactApply, which we saw about 50% growth in that take rate to be about 50%, so about half of those machines is taking that. We've seen big steps in things like ExactEmerge, Combine Advisor closer to 70%, Active Yields more like 90%. So, we're continuing to see adoption. I mean, as it relates to ExactApply and how do those product forms look with Blue River and See and Spray when we come, I think, we're still working through that. Today that we or this year we've had that out being tested in both cotton and in soybeans. But I think, we're still I'd say developing what exactly that will look like. We feel really good about what it's going look like, you know, in terms of the performance that we've seen in the field, but I think pretty premature to say what exactly that you know, product form looks like.
Josh Jepsen: Yes, Joe, that's I think the, one, it's a benefit of our vertical integration in terms of how we've designed this and built it to be one and the same with our hardware. So, it's a challenge to break those out because we're not pricing that as two different components. Now you might have features and solutions that you can add-on. But we don't dig those -- dig it to separate each of those items. So I go back to how do we monetize precision ag? It's in base, features that are in base, things like guidance, or hardware and guidance Telematics, subscriptions for Telematics, and for our guidance systems would be a second way and then lastly would be what we say job automation. So things that allow customers to plant, spray, harvest better so it's ExactApply, it's the ExactEmerge, it's Combine Advisor, and those sorts of things. So as far as, when you think about 3% price realization for the year, it's really hard to say what amount is driven by that. So I think we will continue to dig in and have more conversations around precision ag, but today we are not -- we don’t have a good way to attribute pricing specific to that. So with that, I think we are at top of the hour, so we appreciate all the questions, we will be doing follow-ups. So, appreciate all the interest and will be talking to you soon. Thank you.
