Marie Ziegler: Good morning. Also on today’s call are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; and Susan Karlix and Justin Merrimac from the Deere Investor Relations staff.  Today we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s first quarter earnings and then spend some time talking about our markets and provide you an update on how we see 2010 shaping up. After that we will open to questions. Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com. First as usual a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q-and-A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media maybe stored and used as part of the earnings call. Today’s call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Actual results might differ materially from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise its forward-looking information. The call and accompanying materials are not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any of the company’s securities. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, otherwise it’s know as GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is posted on the website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports, under other financial information. Call participants should consider the other information and risks and uncertainties and non-GAAP measures in addition to the information presented on the call. Now for a closer look at our first quarter, here is Susan.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you, Susan. We are now ready to begin the Q-and-A portion of the call and Laura our operator will instruct us on the polling procedure, but as a reminder and I do very firmly remind you that we are asking for you no more than two questions and multipart question does count as multiple questions; with that Laura.
Marie Ziegler: Why don’t we start with Western Europe first. Farmer moves there continues to be pretty somber and as a result you will note we have not changed our guidance; that industry will be down 10% to 15%. We do see some differences in some countries. Because of the currency relationship you do see a little more strength in places like the U.K. and Poland because of their currency translation and these are paid. In Europe their currencies are relatively strong, but generally speaking Livestock is maybe stabilizing some, but stabilizing at pretty low levels and you continue to see backup of used equipment. We’ve sighted this couple of times, it is not yet at worrisome levels, but it does act as a precautionary note in the market. Moving onto margins, our raw material guidance is $150 million for the year, and basically we got it all in the first quarter, generally speaking flat through the rest of the year. You will note too that when we talked about things like R&D and SA&G, they were relatively light in the first quarter. Those costs will increase at least as we move through year and of course Ag is the bigger piece of both of those numbers.
Marie Ziegler: For the company, in terms of Europe specifically, the primary tractor in Europe is a midsize tractor, and those are manufactured in Europe as the primary source by that, so we do a fairly good job of trying to match production to where the market are.
Marie Ziegler: You’re aware the single biggest factor in the outlook there is the circumstances in Russia and we are working to get an assembly facility up and running. We are on time for that we said in the spring and we are working with the Russian Government to make sure we all understand the terms. So we are on track.
Marie Ziegler: Yes anecdotally, I’ve actually looked through the comments, even they’re talked about good farm income, they’re talking about the need to maintain their normal trading cycles. We hypothesize in fact that maybe some of the very difficult conditions planting in the last two springs and then of course what happened this fall with very late harvest may also be supporting that. We also know that low interest rates are very supportive to farmers purchasing decisions.
Marie Ziegler: We haven’t rolled those out yet to our customers and our practice is not to run ahead of what we’ve talked about with our dealers and customers, so stay tuned.
Marie Ziegler: Well, engine combined state starts in January of 2011 and then there’ll be a rolling product license from there, but I don’t have any specific announcements on when we’ll be talking about products.
Marie Ziegler: Just to refresh your memory, actually we don’t have guidance by quarter anymore. So you’re probably looking at compared to other modeling, but we would not have uttered any comments about what we thought our income will be in the first quarter.  That said, if you look at year-over-year, the mix I think on which we were thinking would be a bit of a drag for us on the Ag operations, it actually was a positive in the quarter. We’re telling you for the full year it’s neutral, but actually it was about a point positive in the quarter in margins year-over-year. So that would have been an improvement.  Material costs came in maybe a little stronger than expected and then the currency which had not been in the forecast, and that’s about a $75 million operating benefit.
Marie Ziegler: We have worked for a long time very closely with our suppliers and I think our execution in the difficult markets if you go all way back to 2004, certainly as we were ramping up in late 2007, 2008 sort of speaks for itself.  We’ll do quarterly calls with our suppliers, we’re working with them to make sure that they have bottlenecks, where we are working through those processes with them in the near term. We can maybe adjust some production to get things in early, like depending to help accommodate their production at this time, and we just checked with our supply management first again, we don’t see any bottlenecks.
Marie Ziegler: It’s of essential low base, there is no color. I think it’s just a question of timing of some deliveries that you’re talking a handful of units.
Marie Ziegler: No, our guidance is still that market is down and Western Europe 10% to 15% and nothing unfortunately we saw on the first quarter which has shaken that outlook.
Susan Karlix: Yes, that it’s not really the impact of the trade flows, but it is $75 million in the quarter that’s an operating profit.
Susan Karlix: For every three factors, even though their sales are up, basically the incremental margin is absorbed by about $100 million Pension and OPEB increase, which we had talked about last quarter and that’s still in place. They too have higher R&D and it’s actually divisions of a full year. It’s about $40 million, so it’s not as significant and they have one of the factors. This is why we have no material costs; we have a headwind of flat to up about $25 million. So the midpoint of that would be $10 million to $15 million.
Susan Karlix: I think that really was referencing what we anticipated, but basically versus a year ago, because a year ago we had significant shutdowns. So this year we will be in production at a higher level and that of course it goes on to affect our trade receivables.
Susan Karlix: We certainly would do everything that we could to meet our customers demand requirement and to go back to one of your earlier points, yes we have pretty significantly increased our projected productions for our combines and actually for large tractors. As we talked about that, it’s really the single biggest factor driving the change in top line and income tax.
Susan Karlix: You did benefit from significant exports of combines in North America into places like Eastern Europe.
Susan Karlix: I wouldn’t site it so much as a pre-buy, because we’ve know that the primary drivers of customer demand are good levels of cash receipts because that’s farm income, and we certainly would agree going back to Ann’s comment, low interest rates. Certainly you also helped support that. You are aware that we had put additional capacity on both Harvester and Waterloo last year and actually many, many of our factories are globally, so we have the ability to respond to additional demand. That said, for our combine program in the U.S. and Canada, a round number is 95% of our orders are already in place, and we adjust production accordingly based on the results of our early order program. So we could have some additional flexing there, but we’re pretty well in position there.
Susan Karlix: Well, that is included in benefits that we are citing, because as we merge the two divisions together, there were people, redundancies and processes that were improved really out of both sides of the business. We don’t exist in two separate silos anymore, they’re really fully merged. That’s what’s generating for this year a $50 million to $60 million charge. I would just talk about our landscape business too, where they’ve had very difficult market conditions, because they are very focused on housing and driven by housing, and that business has unfortunately also had implied reductions, 800,000 and is close on merge stores locations. So they also are looking for some improvements in their financial results and that is maybe an additional $25 million this year, and then finally we’re aware that we closed our facility and we’re really in the final phases of that. So there’s some operation taking this year the pre-tax out $40 million.
Susan Karlix: Really in terms of the sales outlook for the year, the single biggest driver was that our order book developed pretty dramatically over the first quarter and enabled us to improve our outlook for the industry from down 10 to basically flat, plus the single biggest driver.
Susan Karlix: Just to remind everyone that was about the $75 million translating in transaction benefit in the first quarter.
Susan Karlix: We aren’t expecting any reduction in inventory in the Ag business year-over-year. In fact at the dealer level we will probably, at least our forecast has receivables in inventories up about $415 million with our guidance at year end, and most of that will be in Ag receivables and simply be because we’ll have a little bit more in the pipeline than we did.
Susan Karlix: Alex, I don’t have that with me. I would be happy to call you back afterwards and we will get your question addressed.
Susan Karlix: The increase in R&D which was up seven in the first quarter is up 12. Higher SA&G, which was basically, I think it was up by 1% in the quarter and our guidance has been up for the full year. SA&G for the year up 8%, so basically that’s all backend loaded.
Susan Karlix: Remember, the Ag division will eat about $300 million more of pensions, some of that is close to SA&G, about 60% of that increase actually goes into cost of sales. So it wouldn’t be picking up in SA&G and there is nothing else. It’s very plain and straightforward, those are the items of that additional.
Susan Karlix: We increased our guidance for the overall Ag division. Our previous guidance has been similar to what we’ve done last year and now we’re seeing about 10%. So it’s a bit where I think it come into the bottom line there.
Susan Karlix: That would be a factor, but that’s really in the SA&G and then there’s no certain cost of sales as well, but the other thing is that it is somewhat of a timing our SA&G came in last year a little more uniformly than what we are currently projecting this year. Again, we were basic almost flat in the first quarter, and yet you’re looking for again over the course of the year. So you’re going to have a bigger increase year-over-year in quarters two through four.
Susan Karlix: They get the bulk of it and some of it goes into cost of sales and some of it goes into SA&G and there is a little bit R&D, but basically flat.
Susan Karlix: I’d be happy too. Actually forestry accounts for the improvement in the construction and forestry outlook. We originally said our sales would be up 18 hours, end up 21, and really is because we are starting to see a better ordering activity, for principally it’s coming out of Europe, but now we’re talking about extremely low levels.  Really in forestry across the globe last year, you’re starting to see a little bit of improvement. On the construction side there were actually no changes from our previous forecasts, so all of the incremental change occurred on the forestry side.
Susan Karlix: I guess two things, one is South American outlook is influenced by conditions in other market and although we see Argentina coming back, it’s coming back since pretty low levels and you have various circumstances in other markets, so that’s one factor.  The other thing is that programs at the end of June, our forecast anticipates that they will be renewed, but probably not renewed at the same level right now at 4.5% financing since we don’t know. I think a little more cautious; in particular it is the fourth quarter.
Susan Karlix: I think we are probably being prudent and I don’t think we will wait and see what the government says.
Susan Karlix: So, it would probably depend by product. First of all, that we are talking about getting this, we are going full steam. This facility will be open in the spring. You are going to miss part of the season. So this gives us a time to ramp up. So we’re not looking for high levels of sales candidly as we start to ramp up. We’re going to do one product and make sure, and financing is showing some signs of easing in Russia. It is much more difficult in other countries, but interest rates have comedown, and so there are a few glimmers. Now we’re talking at the margin. So don’t get too excited, but there are some signs here. Our dealers do have some products on that for the liquidity crisis. So there’s some product in country to help facilitate activity in this period of transition if you will.
Susan Karlix: In the first quarter, we would have been produced to retail demand. Thank you very much. As usual we will be able to answer any follow-up questions you may have after the call. Have a good day everyone. 
Jim Field: Let me just add to that a little bit, Marie hit on this training and this is a huge undertaking. We have got 20 different courses we are rolling out, 14 different languages, we have already touched more than 8,000 dealer personnel and so all of that is really about educating the folks that are in the front line interaction with the customers, to help the customers get the level of confident that they need and make sure that we can deliver the John Deere experience, so that it is a huge undertaking.
Jim Field: I don’t think really we have been out front with a explicit forecast, but our financial services business is we don’t really take position on rate so much, we try to lock in finance spreads to be a match funded, such that these swing unless they have been very quickly and very violently that they don’t impact the earnings stream too much. Having said that in general, our view would be for an increasing rate environment over the course of the year, and that would be a very, very modest view though and we have factored that into some of our forecasts on the financial services side, but also on the equipment side, because that generally results in higher interest labor charges.
Jim Field: I would say, first of all you are right on; that’s what we said and let’s say we have this well articulated use of cash policy and one of the uses of cash that we talked about also is making sure our pension plans are fully funded. So we did increase funding to the pension plans by about $250 million in terms of the forecast. In terms of how we view the world, I think still we’re on relatively fragile foundation. On the fourth quarter of ‘09, we were all shocked by the whole situation and what the implications of that may have been for the capital marks and of course then we moved into the first quarter and get them to resolve their own issues.  Having said that, we had about a month target as pre-funding at the end of ‘09 and we will be coming off that, moving more into the six to nine month range by the end of this year.
David Raso - ISI: Price versus cost sounds like its almost 100 bips to 150 bips year-over-year, and improvement in the rest of the year as well.
David Raso - ISI: I guess related then is the pricing on the products, in backlog in order booked, obviously there’s been no change since price in that last fall generally speaking, right. So if I’m getting better or large equipment, which is where you got the pricing, at least you tried to get the pricing.  We think it’s coming through with the order of books the way it is. Again, I’m a little bit surprised that you would think that the offsets from SG&A and so forth would actually give you down margins, when Waterloo Harvester works.
David Raso - ISI: Q2, over the big end of the day, the rest of the year sales are implied up 7.8% for Ag & Turf, while your margins are 10:1 and you did 10:7 the last three quarters of last year.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: I just want to follow up on David Raso’s question. If as he forecasted the 16 bip declined in operating margin against the 7.8% increase in sales. When I look at the SA&G guidance for last year versus fiscal ‘10 previously, the only real change in variable compensation is now seen up there, whereas it was completely absent from all your forecast. So wasn’t variable compensation a major reason why Ag & Turf didn’t get any margin lift on the additional volume as well.
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, but even though you had a plus four prior forecast for FX, now it’s plus two, so what you picked up there was 200 bips, but your variable comp went from zero to plus three, which more…
Barry Bannister - Stifel Nicolaus: Where does it lie in Ag & Turf; I mean what’s their tag since they’re obviously doing better than anybody else.
