Tony Huegel: Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; and Susan Karlix, our Manager of Investor Communications. Today we’ll take a closer look at Deere’s fourth quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and the outlook for 2012. After that we’ll respond to your questions.  Please note that slides are available to compliment the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.JohnDeere.com. First a reminder, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission by Deere and [Thompson Riders]. Any other use, recording, or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call including the Q&A session agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company’s projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company’s most recent Form 8K and periodic reports filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures is included in the release and posted on our website at www.JohnDeere.com/financialreports under other financial information. Now, here’s Susan.
Tony Huegel: Now we’re ready to begin the Q&A portion of the call. The operator will instruct you on the polling procedure but, as a reminder, in consideration of others please limit yourself to one question and one related follow up. If you have additional questions we ask that you rejoin the queue.
Tony Huegel: Growth obviously is the biggest piece of the increase and basically the remainder would be higher marketing expenses in line with higher sales.
Tony Huegel: For Deere, the early order programs are very strong as well, they’re up significantly in Europe so shaping up to be a pretty decent year.
Tony Huegel: No, I’m sorry we don’t tend to get that detailed in the pricing. As we said this last year, both divisions are contributing to that positive price realization.
Tony Huegel: We’ve clearly talked about with the new products specifically in Europe. We haven’t talked specific market share gain goals in Europe but certainly has we roll out additional products and continue to further develop that market we would expect some increase there in market share. I think probably the best thing we can point to in terms of what we’ve done is we look at Brazil. We’ve talked about in the past our expectation to improve share especially on tractors and as you look at it over the fiscal year we ended our fiscal year with tractor market share at 19% which prior year was at 15% market share so a very nice four point gain and that is with positive price realization for the year in Brazil. So I think we would expect to continue that momentum as we move forward.
Tony Huegel: Well certainly if you roll up all the individual pieces of outlook and you look at what we’re forecasting, certainly we would expect to outperform the market.
Tony Huegel: In addition to the material costs, R&D was up about $15 million and about half of that was related to growth so there and then of course, interim tier-4 costs is about $15 million and SA&G was about $10.Andy Casey – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Then if we could kind of push that forward into the 2012 outlook, if I go through the math on your comments, it looks like incremental margins is expected to be around 20% in Ag and turf and then kind of mid 12% range in construction and forestry. Is the difference between the two more related to a bigger proportion of product transition costs hitting construction or is there also a drag on SA&G related to the Brazilian expansion.
Tony Huegel: Effectively with the price realization that we’re looking at it’s all covered but as we talked about with interim tier-4 with the large Ag equipment and our large equipment in general we’re recovering most or all of that in year one. What we have talked about is we move into 2012 we will have some smaller equipment where we will not be covering 100% of that in year one. But obviously when you look at, to your point, the price realization alone covers both the interim tier-4 as well as the material cost increases that we have in the forecast. 
Tony Huegel: I mean most of it, but again keep in mind to your point, the $475 the price increases we’re talking related to interim tier-4 as we introduce that new product is not included in that four points of price realization. We would count that in volume.
Tony Huegel: We have not disclosed specifically what we’re recovering in a given year in interim tier-4 but again, we will recover most of it in year one but not all of it on the smaller product but eventually we will recover that. I just don’t have any more I can say to it.
Tony Huegel: First of all we talked about the net income would be lower, we didn’t talk to EPS. So just to be clear, but yes that’s correct the absorption impact on inventory changes year-over-year is $40 million in the first quarter. 
Tony Huegel: No, I don’t know that I would characterize it that way. I think I would simply say that that’s part of our normal plans. We’ve seen obviously some higher costs. We continue to review from the market perspective and the value that we’re delivering. We have consistently taken and obtained positive price realization. Actually, if you look over the last decade, we’ve had over three points of positive price realization on an annual basis over that period of time so it’s really just a continuation of what we’ve been doing over the last decade.
Tony Huegel: Sure, and I would say first of all it is a very strong market especially for large equipment so a flat outlook into 2012 bodes well for that year and as I pointed out for John Deere we’re continuing to outperform the market. The other thing to keep in mind is the outlook really looks at tractors and combine so it doesn’t consider product categories like cotton and sugar cane where we have a very good market presence in those products. So again, I think the outlook would imply a very strong 2012 for Brazil.
Tony Huegel: It’s basically flat year-over-year so just like last year we had about a point of positive margin last year relative to the mix large being a healthier portion of the sales and what would typically be the case and this year again, we’re seeing about a point of margin benefit large versus small Ag so year-over-year it’s a push. From a raw material perspective, and you’re right it probably surprises some people that we’re looking at $500 million increase and it’s really mostly related to steel and steel related components but also tires and inbound logistics would also be part of that.  And while steel prices have come down in recent months, it still is as you look at that year-over-year we’re still about $100 a ton higher year-over-year and really as you look out into the second half of the year obviously that’s a little bit tougher to forecast but as you look at some of the analysts that we follow actually have steel prices coming back up in the second half of the year. So as Susan’s comments indicated certainly the first half of the year will get the bulk of that increase but at this point we’ll still expect to see some increases through the rest of the year. The other thing I would talk to is if you look at when we talk about steel a lot of times we talk about hot rolled steels and plate steel which certainly would impact our construction and forestry division more than Ag, that’s been pretty slow to come down but then as you move into tires for example, natural rubber if you look first at pricing late summer 2011 versus 2010 that’s still up 15% even though it’s come down considerably off of peak levels. Synthetic rubber is still up 35% over last summer of 2010. So while prices have come down off the peak they’re still higher than year ago levels.
Tony Huegel: As a general rule on a day in day out basis there’s always challenges that we work through but nothing that’s creating any major issues at this point.
Tony Huegel: That concludes our call for the day. As always, we’ll be around so we look forward to your questions throughout the day. Thank you.
James M. Field: I think the big headline in there is the growth expenditures of the 4% and the rest of it is really the increase marketing expenses related with the volume, normal inflationary increases and those sorts of things.
James M. Field: Probably the big headline item in there is we’re in the midst of starting up three facilities in India, China and Brazil and with that comes an expense load that the sales end will come later. I will say that’s probably the single largest factor that would account for the difference.
James M. Field: As we said before, our full intention by the time we’re done with this, is to get all that recovered.
James M. Field: We’ve stated that we intend to lever the credit company at 7.5 to 1 and we’ll maintain that kind of leverage.
Marie Ziegler: We have not observed any issues yet in credit availability. Again, we’re monitoring the situation but unlike what happened in 2008 where financing dried up, that is absolutely not been the case.
Marie Ziegler: Our view is certainly shaded by the fact that we have had a very strong early order program as Susan indicated. Many products were up 30% to 35%. We’ve seen strong demand for cotton harvesting equipment, we sold out in almost a month or virtually sold out, and even combines there’s good demand so we are very encouraged by what we see.
Marie Ziegler: Actually, we’re not going to talk about specific products production schedules as is typical, but given the very strong sales outlook, production outlook that we have for the full year I think it’s fair to assume that the combine changes that you’re looking at are probably too high. But beyond that that’s what we’re going to say.
Marie Ziegler: I will concede that right now based on what we are seeing we will be down a little bit versus 2011. That’s consistent again with what Susan’s opening remarks were.
Marie Ziegler: Actually, that was your third question and I am going to ask that you get back in queue on that. We’ll be happy to talk a little bit about construction and we are looking for replacement demand is really the big driver of what we’re seeing. Good rental markets, we’re seeing good activity outside of the US including Canada and some other markets, overseas markets and that’s really what’s driving that.
Marie Ziegler: I’d just like to chime in that when we look at the price of our machines, we’re really looking at the value that we’re delivering to our customers and the productivity new features and that’s really what drives our pricing decisions. 
Marie Ziegler: Maybe one final point, do recall that on the government sponsored MDA program really have reached market saturation and are starting to see small tractor sales decline some as the accessibility under that program – many customers have already taken advantage of that and that’s a smaller segment.
Marie Ziegler: Our [inaudible] includes portfolio growth and so we would not be in a position to be paying down debt so that would not be a use for our cash flow.
Marie Ziegler: There were a host of products that were affected by product transitions both this year and last year related to IT-4 and this enormous launch of new products that we have. So it is fair to say that it is broad based.
