Tony Huegel: Thank you. Also on the call today are Jim Field, our Chief Financial Officer; Marie Ziegler, Vice President and Treasurer; Susan Karlix; and Justin Merrimac. Today, we'll take a closer look at Deere's first quarter earnings, then spend some time talking about our markets and how we see 2011 shaping up. After that, we'll respond to your questions. Please note that slides are available to complement the call this morning. They can be accessed on our website at www.johndeere.com.  Just a reminder that this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and recorded for future transmission and use by Deere and Thomson Reuters. Any other use, recording or transmission of any portion of this copyrighted broadcast without the express written consent of Deere is strictly prohibited. Participants in the call, including the Q&A, agree that their likeness and remarks in all media may be stored and used as part of the earnings call. This call includes forward-looking comments concerning the company's projections, plans and objectives for the future that are subject to important risks and uncertainties. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent Form 8-K and periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This call also may include financial measures that are not in conformance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America or GAAP. Additional information concerning these measures, including reconciliations to comparable GAAP measures, is included in the release and posted on our website at www.johndeere.com/financialreports under Other Financial Information. Now, for a closer look at the first quarter, here's Susan.
Tony Huegel: And we don't, as Jim just mentioned, we don't have a specific assumption in terms of where steel pricing goes. Again, if you look out and we look at various analysts, things are all over the board in terms of where we would be in calendar third quarter, for example. And fourth quarter also has not as wide of a variation. But certainly some variation in terms of where the pricing is going. So in terms of a surcharge, that would not be something we would normally consider. So the other question I think you had was on price increases. And certainly we're always looking over a long term, we would expect to price at levels that would enable us to meet our income targets. But keep in mind, price increases now because of our sold ahead and our order book position has, would have limited impact on current year. That would really be, the price increase we mentioned earlier is largely a 2012 implication versus 2011, has limited impact this year.
Tony Huegel: We did in the quarter, financing seems to be easing and opening up a little bit. But in terms of where that financing is coming from, again, it's a wide variety of places. And it's really dependent on the individual customer in terms of where that financing is coming in.
Tony Huegel: Again, we've not given specific dates on any of those other than second half of the year. And nothing further has been announced.
Tony Huegel: It would be separate. We would expect that as we introduce the new products, that there would be pricing associated with that.
Tony Huegel: To add to that, we've experienced, as we've shared with you previously, we've had pretty reasonable price realization in the Construction business throughout the course of the crisis and the period that followed that. And we would anticipate...
Tony Huegel: Keep in mind, we're giving a separate number related to the IT4 costs and that did increase. We're now looking at about $160 million in the year versus on our last call, we said $135 million. And that again is indicative of the increased schedule.
Tony Huegel: The first half of your question, yes, that would be a reasonable view of where things went. But the answer to the second part of your question is no, we wouldn't expect that kind of an increase this year. Things are certainly turning and improving not to that level.
Tony Huegel: Actually, it would be, pretty much, they're looking at April, late April, early May. And that is still on schedule. I assume you're referring to the SAP conversion for Construction & Forestry.
James Field: During the quarter, and you can see in our outlook for sales as well as income, certainly, we have increased our production schedules and so on in the quarter. But from a cost perspective, not a tremendous amount of change. We talked about in the last quarter expecting higher volumes and the two points of price. Obviously, volumes have gone up. Pricing, we're still looking at two points of pricing. But from a cost side of things, raw material costs, we're looking at the one to two points of margin. And keep in mind, and we talked about this on the last call as well, that much of that comes in the latter half of the year. We also talked about mix in A&T, Ag & Turf, with the one point of margin. We would still expect that to happen. R&D, SA&G costs, IT product costs, last time, we gave you a guidance of about $135 million. That's increased a little bit to $160 million, again, indicative of some of the sales increases. And much of that is rest of the year. While we did shift some 8R tractors in January, that is pretty limited. So most of that will be in future quarters. We talked about absorption related to the inventory and receivable reduction year-over-year. And as you can see in the quarter, our inventories and receivables actually built, so that was a benefit in the quarter. But we're still forecasting for receivables and inventory at October 31, to be down year-over-year, not as far of a drop but still a reduction. So that perhaps is part of the story as well. As we build that receivables and inventory perhaps it’s masking some of those cost increases, the R&D and SA&G increases that we did talk about.
James Field: I would say that's a very fair characterization of it. I mean, the end markets for our customers have improved over the course of the quarter. And that's led to a firming up of our schedules. And as you suggest, it's primarily top line driven.
James Field: On the order book, as Susan indicated, our orders are very strong this year, with the 8R tractors and the 9000 Series tractor, really very limited availability especially through the summer months. So that's very strong. Our early order program on the combines went very well. In addition, I think we're at the 90...
James Field: Yes. So again, the order book is very strong. And we're very positive about the year in that regard.
James Field: Basically, we talked last time about there was some upside potential. And as you can see, we did increase our schedules. It's reflected in our sales. So we would have very limited upside potential.
James Field: Yes, the way to think about that 1% to 2%, Andrew, is that we have a very, very volatile situation particularly on steel and also with regard to rubber. So when we look at steel forecasts that are provided by various industry groups and associations. I mean we have a variance, for instance in the third quarter of calendar '11 from the low point on the forecast to the high forecast is 40% difference. And so I think the way to think about the 1% to 2% is it’s reflective of a very broad range given this high level of uncertainty where this pricing goes and when it goes. Because it's also very important because as you know, we have these several indexed agreements and when the price, when it arrives at whatever level it arrives at, is very important to us in terms of the resetting of the index. So when you look at the low end of the range or the high end of the range, it's just reflective of very, very high level of uncertainty.
James Field: If you look at the EU-27, as we indicated earlier, the sentiment is very positive there. Crop prices have continued to rise and stabilized at very strong level. From a livestock perspective, milk and beef prices are at high levels. There is some weakness in pork. But as a general rule, livestock is trending very positive. And again, we also talked about in previous calls, we talked about the used equipment overhang in the EU-27. And that has greatly improved and really returning to more normal levels, which of course is the quarter [ph] of new sales. So in general, things are trending up. I think you see that in our outlook as well.
James Field: Really, as we talked about our production schedules have grown a lot this year and certainly have heavy build schedules. We work closely with our suppliers. At this point, there are no major issues that we're aware of. Of course, as we talked about before, there are day-to-day issues and challenges that we work through. But again, we'll just continue to work with our suppliers. But no, there aren't supplier constraints that we would be able to point to you today that would prevent us from expanding.
James Field: But the IT4 material costs is back end loaded. So we're dealing with two different buckets of material costs. One is what's going on in the steel markets and rubber markets. And then the other is the increased costs associated with IT4 and that clearly is back half loaded.
James Field: If you're referring to large tractors and combines, yes. Because keep in mind, and we've talked about the fact that -- when we talk about having limited capacity this year, that's due to the constraints with all of the transitions with IT4. That goes away for 2012.
James Field: Yes, on the large equipment. Keep in mind, we go through, on the smaller Ag, we go through a transition next year in 2012. They’ll be facing some of the transitions that the large equipment is facing this year.
James Field: Well, certainly, for Construction and Forestry, the SAP shutdown would be a part of that. But as we look at Ag, which is the larger, a big chunk of that receivable and inventory buildup, that will come out throughout the year.
James Field: I think we would use the word moderate in the way that, I mean, 50% of it would not be our view of moderate. So we're not going to give a specific percent. But I think when we say moderate you can, I mean, we mean moderate.
Marie Ziegler: There is a range at 1% to 2%. We have 2% positive price realization. If the raw material costs do come in at that 1%, clearly, that would be favorable and it would be somewhat back-end loaded. You are absolutely correct. We, however, are not sure where those prices exactly will come in for the reasons that Susan articulated and including the variability in steel costs. So that's why we have the range.
Marie Ziegler: Livestock actually is, absolutely is in a recovery mode. Although it's something that we're watching carefully with the run up in feed costs, et cetera. But as, Ann, as we're talking about mix, just generally speaking, you're seeing improvements in some of the other, like Europe, which would certainly be livestock range but just more generally reflecting very good conditions.
Marie Ziegler: And I'll just chime in that we are working on developing other alternatives in the region, but we have no announcements.
Marie Ziegler: It's a variety. We have a variety of alternatives that we're working on. I can't give a definitive answer.
Marie Ziegler: Really, we're looking at more issues of capacity in managing our emissions credits, planned product transitions. Remember, we have a significant number of product transitions ahead of us. And so there are a lot of factors at play as we look at our abilities to further increase schedule.
Marie Ziegler: I think it is certainly a factor as you look at the market, but so would be the very strong incomes and the need for good equipment. We think in the U.S. alone, we'll plant over 7 million more acres this year than we did last year. So the thing is if you look at it, Henry, incrementally year-over-year while they tweaked some of the programs, we've been in a period of bonus depreciation for several years now. So I don't think at the margin, it's a factor on the Ag side, incrementally on the Ag side. On the Construction side, that incentive alone is not a reason for people to buy equipment. They buy equipment if they know they're going to use it and it will be operational. So we think the activity that we're seeing in the market, which is and the biggest changes there have been in the rental and some on the governmental side. Those things are really driven by need, not incentive.
Marie Ziegler: Our guidance that we provided was that we were thinking about an 8% margin on the Construction & Forestry business.
Marie Ziegler: As we moved through last year, we were increasing our schedules. So your comparisons change over the course of the year. Plus you see our costs will accelerate as we move through the year. And do bear in mind, there's SAP conversion as we move from the second to the third quarter. So there is a lot going on in that division as we move into the year. And their IT4 compliance, their product startups are definitely more back half loaded.
Marie Ziegler: Eli, the bulk of the spending that you're seeing is not capacity adds in our traditional markets. The bulk of it really reflects IT4-related products, expenditures, some refreshing of things in conjunction with IT4. There is some growth in some market's growth spending. And we've been talking for several quarters about some of the new facilities that we're building. I think you might be referring to the fact that we did delay some capital, specifically at Waterloo. In the financial crisis, you may recall that in 2008, we had two separate ASEs that collectively would have raised Waterloo's capacity by about 40%. We had 25 points of the 40-point increase in place and then elected to defer. And that capacity of the additional 15 points will come in over the course of 2012.
Marie Ziegler: We have a variety of pricing strategies and things that we're looking at in our pricing. So you really can't look at one model and say it's indicative of what we'll be doing across the product line, Eli.
Marie Ziegler: The regulatory pricing is reclassed, as you know, into our volume numbers. And we don't have a specific amount that we are publicly articulating model-by-model on regulatory. It's a factor as we look at the overall pricing.
Marie Ziegler: I would not be able to articulate, I guess, a different set of expectations. Our pricing actually is fairly good in Construction. And we would expect it to continue. We don't know that we would have a different expectation as we move through the course of the year.
Marie Ziegler: That wasn't an absorption number. That really was just strictly overhead related to all the significant amount of capital and the startups and things like that. And nothing has changed in that outlook.
Marie Ziegler: Thank you all for participating. The IR team will be available the rest of the day to answer your questions.
Eli Lustgarten: Question on the big capital spending that you're doing. I think you indicated a couple of minutes ago that your ability to further increase schedules this year would be limited, the bulk of it. How much incremental capacity you think you have available for 2012 versus 2011 with some [ph] of the spending that was going on this year? You're running pretty full out at this point.
Eli Lustgarten: I guess what I'm asking is how much, since you're running pretty full out this year, [indiscernible] (1:02:31) available in 2012 versus '11 in the core product lines.
Eli Lustgarten: So you will have some reasonable ability to produce more physical product next year. That's what I'm really asking.
Eli Lustgarten: Right now, we're looking at 2% pricing year-over-year. And I know you adjusted for future, and all that. But that's mostly raw materials driven. But there’s a second level of pricing affecting the market, which is regulatory driven and it seems it's much, much bigger than what we're seeing in raw material. I'm just trying to get a handle of how to think about that.
