Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that we completed another good quarter where we ran our business well and delivered solid financial results. Throughout the quarter, we maintained our unrelenting focus on operations excellence, which enabled us to operate safely and reliably in an environmentally responsible manner. We also delivered on our commitment to invest in growth projects and acquisitions that increased Valero's earnings capability while maintaining solid returns to our stockholders. In 2018, we matched 2017 record for process safety performance, and we continue to outperform the industry on our personal injury rates. Logistics investments we made over the last several years are contributing significantly to earnings. Our investments in Line 9B, the Diamond Pipeline and the Sunrise Pipeline expansion increased our system’s flexibility, allowing us to take advantage of the opportunities available in the fourth quarter of 2018. In fact, we set a record for total light crude runs at 1.5 million barrels per day and a record for North American light crude processed at over 1.3 million barrels per day. We also continued to maximize products exports into higher netback markets in Latin America. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to execute according to our disciplined framework. Our projects and execution remain on track. Construction is scheduled to finish on the Houston alkylation unit in the second quarter. And the Central Texas pipelines and terminals are expected to be completed in mid-2019. In November, the Board of Directors of Valero and Darling Ingredients, approved an expansion of the Diamond Green Diesel plant to 675 million gallons per year of renewable diesel production and the construction of a renewable naphtha finishing facility. With respect to cash returns to stockholders in 2018, we paid out 54% of our annual adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, exceeding our target annual payout range of 40% to 50%. Our solid financial position and a favorable outlook for our business enabled us to further demonstrate our commitment to our investors, as last week, our Board approved a 12.5% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.90 per share or $3.60 annually. Lastly, earlier in January, we closed the acquisition of Valero Energy Partners. This transaction was immediately accretive and it's greatly simplified our structure. While Valero will no longer have a publicly traded midstream business, VLP’s assets and ongoing logistics investments at Valero will continue to enhance our feedstock and product flexibility. Now, as we look ahead, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework. There has been no change in our capital discipline strategy, which prioritizes our investment grade ratings, sustaining investments and paying our dividends. We expect our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, in line with where it's been over the last several years. And you should expect incremental discretionary cash flow to continue to compete with other discretionary uses, including cash returns, growth investments and M&A. In closing, with a growing economy, a year-over-year increase in vehicle miles traveled, and low fuel prices, we’re encouraged for 2019. We expect good demand in domestic and exports markets this year. Despite seasonal weakness in the gasoline market, days of supply for distillate inventories remained below the five-year average. Expected incremental diesel demand and discounts for sour feedstocks associated with the impending global fuel oil sulfur reduction also give us a reason to remain optimistic. We believe that our system’s flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels as evidenced by our fourth quarter 2018 results, positions Valero well for whatever opportunity the market presents to us. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: Why don’t I take a shot at it and Gary for recal -- retune whatever I'm saying here. But there is really a few -- couple of reasons. One is as we alluded to in the opening remarks, we've had the pipeline projects. We have the Line 9 and we had the Diamond Pipeline and the Sunrise. And all of those put up the position in the Mid-Continent and in our Quebec refinery position us to take advantage of essentially the distressed markets in the fourth quarter. And then, the other side of that is on the product side, really lower rent price, allowed us to capture essentially higher net-backs on our product prices. I'm sure, there's a contribution on the other things, like pet coke, all the stuff to contribute our capture rate. But really, the first two things that really drove our capture rate in the fourth quarter.
Joe Gorder: I would say, you should -- on the product side with the lower rent prices, yes. On the crude side, it's just a matter of how distressed those markets are. And you have a line -- you have a view of what [indiscernible] looks like and a view of what Midland looks like and Cushing.
Joe Gorder: Roger, it’s difficult to answer, certainly thinking of the gasoline situation is a combination of yield, which certainly we expect to be in the max distillate mode. And then, the other thing I’d refer to is just what the utilization rate and the refining capacity is, and whether that 20-year high that we saw last year is sustainable.
Joe Gorder: Roger, that's a good question. I would say generally, there isn't anything that we're expecting to change. We set the target within the capital allocation framework debt-to-cap of 20% to 30% range. Donna has got kind of a minimum cash balance target $2 billion, things like that. Those are just things that we operate with is fundamental assumption day in and day out as we go forward. We get asked periodically about, somebody raised the issue about the sustainability of the dividend. And, that's a really interesting question to come up at this point in time. Because in October, we were all being asked what we were going to do with all the cash that IMO 2020 was going to provide. So, that being said, I think when I look at Valero, I realize that we understand our business and we're making decisions for the long-term based on our strategic view of the market and not hype. And so, we always try to position ourselves financially to be able to deal with whatever the market might be giving us.  So, if we think in terms of dividend, for example, I can just say without reservation that we consider a sustaining CapEx and the dividend to be totally non-discretionary, and we're going to defend them as we allocate cash. We got a really strong balance sheet, and we certainly wouldn't have raised the dividend if we thought sustainably was any kind of issue there. And really, that's it around that. From an acquisition perspective, we'll continue to review them in the context of growth projects. And, when you think in terms of the roll up of VLP, it kind of takes you to the question, well, are you going to continue to invest in logistics projects going forward? And the answer to that would be, yes, to the extent the same benefits Valero's business. And if you recall, even with VLP is a publicly traded entity, we always started with a need at Valero. And then, if we did the project to satisfy that need at VLP and take VLP at 12% rate of return, would it still makes sense for Valero to do the project? Okay. That was kind of the calculus that we went through. And if it was yes, we proceeded. Now, we just look at these projects as an aggregate project. So, the Diamond Pipeline for example, we have a huge benefit on the crude sourcing in the Memphis as a result of the Diamond Pipeline, and VLP was getting the 12% rate of return. Now, all that's rolled in to one set of economics and we look at it in the context of 25% rates of return on refining projects. So, the way we structured the framework, it's flexible enough to allow us to adjust a little bit from time to time, but it hasn't fundamentally changed what we're doing and what we're focused on. So that was a really long answer to a pretty simple question, Roger. So sorry about that. 
Joe Gorder: Well, we haven't been that explicit in giving EBITDA forecast for ‘19 and ‘20, right? And I don't think we're going to go there. I think, what you've got to rely on really, Phil, is, is the chart we got in the slide deck. And, if you look at our return threshold for our projects, and you say you're going to invest this much strategic capital year-in and year-out, what kind of EBITDA do you expected to produce? And our numbers are $1 billion to $1.4 billion. And that includes the benefit of the coker project, of our ownership interest in DGD, of all the pipeline to terminal projects going on, the alky and so on. And we're still very, very comfortable with those numbers. And so, in terms of moving the needle from an EBITDA perspective in light of our capital allocation framework and the clear recognition that capital is a finite resource, we're going to invest in it accordingly, and the projects we're targeting are going to produce $1 billion to $1.5 billion of incremental EBITDA.
Joe Gorder: Phil, I mean, we’ve said this for years now. We never -- our plan was not to carry $5 billion of cash quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. And we were just finding ourselves in that situation. And so, there was an intentional plan here to try to tighten this down a little bit. Now, Donna has got our target set. She is the CFO and we're going to try to abide by the target. But, there's no reason for us to sit here with $5 billion of cash on the balance sheet.
Joe Gorder: Sure. So, Shell is really negotiating on behalf of the industry for the pattern bargaining. In terms of Valero, we have two refineries, I think actually tonight at 12 midnight that these contracts expire. And we have two refineries that these contracts will expire that is our Memphis refinery and Port Arthur. We have a tentative agreement with our Memphis refinery right now in terms of just sort of local agreement, pending the sort of the Shell negotiations. And we're still working on our issues at Port Arthur. We don't expect a work stoppage during this whole process, but you just never know. So, we're prepared for that. We have a completely trained temporary workforce to take over the assets in the event that there is a walk out. But, I'm not trying to say we're going have one, but we're certainly prepared for it, as you would expect us to be.
Joe Gorder: Craig, I mean, our practice is not to really kind of foretell what we're looking at from a acquisition perspective. But, I can tell you, there is nothing on the radar screen at this point in time. We'll continue to evaluate opportunities as they arise, but we don't have any pressing need to fix our business sort of fill that gap with acquired assets. I can't call it coincidental, because we made the decision to do the acquisitions last year, right? So, it's far from a coincidence. But the facts are we saw some opportunities that we felt satisfied our strategic interest, and that really was to extend our supply chain and to continue to grow one of our businesses, the ethanol business, buying assets that were priced very-attractively in the market. And so, we took advantage of the opportunity. But, I'm going to tell you there -- I would not model for a repeat act in 2019.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I wouldn't call it deflation, I would call that we had a -- we had a lot of sustaining capital with respect to Tier 3 and plus the reliability project at our Corpus Christi refinery in 2018. Our run rate is like what we've said is normally about $1.5 billion to sustain our assets. We had a little bit more than that in this past year. And there's obviously timing involved and all that. Whether our turnarounds get a little bit lumpy or again we end up having to do something a little bit special on some environmental, currently we don't have anything on our forward view of that.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again. We absolutely believe that it’ll be the case. I mean, we've been in max distillate for a while now and will continue to be in that way through the at least the way we see the rest of the year going in 2019. Obviously, it’s early but that's the way the forward market is pointing right now.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I'll take a stab at that. So, we do -- FCC is obviously a pivotal part of our operation, and there's certain inflection point, economic inflection point. And it almost always makes sense fill our alky. So, we’ll run up to the point to make sure alkylation units are full. And so, the marginal capacity we're always looking is to make sense to run-pass that point. And to your point, interestingly enough, the stream that we put in these out also can go into the fuel market for the halfway percent to meet the IMO reg. So, we do think structurally at least one of the things that will happen here is that FCC probably won’t run a whole lot pass, drilling their alky, it’s certainly in the context of how IMO 2020 is going to work out.
Lane Riggs: And then, the small refiner exemption is another piece of this, right? And the EPA followed the rules last year and got a small refiner exemptions where they were appropriate. And that certainly took some of the pressure off the RIN market also. We expect them to continue to follow the rules to comply with the legislation as it's crafted and issue the small refiner exemptions where they are appropriate. And so, Neil, I'm with Jason. I don't see a whole of change in this market going forward.
Lane Riggs: One thing I would add on Venezuela, Venezuela at some point going to have to put oil on the market, even if these sanctions stay in place. So, there's going to be a balancing time through here where whoever buy any alternatives, they'll build buy Venezuelan oil and oil will come to our market. So, I mean, it will also allow you just sort of in a interim time period here where that's got to play out. And of course, if something changes in Venezuela, then it's just back to status quo. On OPEC, OPEC is clearly going to be looking at trying to set the amount of oil in the market based on what are the markets and what's the structure of the market. And again, as Joe alluded to, every day we wake up and we do -- we optimize our assets around what's available out there. We have a great system better than anyone in the markets to get the most value and understand these markets.
Lane Riggs: So, I'll take a shot at it and Gary obviously can tune me. Today, where we are is the most profitable crude that we run is our sweets. And then, it's sort of medium and heavy, you are sort of at parity with one another. And it depends on what part of your refinery is trying to sellout. But on the Mars, like the last barrels we try to run on the system where it's really sweet and they all still have margin, positive margin to an open crude unit. So, it's just really trying to navigate and get the right dive into our assets. In terms of just the way trade routes are deploying. I think, again, as I said, I mean, OPEC cuts, they aren't always going to be cuts. And we got to watch how Venezuela plays out on the sanction side. It's just like what happens when around, same thing. So, these all worked, they're not the permanent trade we pass, but the world rebalances when these things happen.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So, again, that just makes it a little more difficult for the ships to invest in scrubbers. I mean, again the technology takes the SOX out of the air and puts it into the water. And I think some of these local ports are fully aware of that. It's just another headwind in terms of making it more difficult to try to solve this long range problem out of IMO, which is this really heavy bitumen that's historically been burning these ships and there's only a few other pathway to try to get rid of it. And as Gary mentioned, that's where you really see the forward market trying to understand exactly how it's going to happen is that particular strength.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. So, our Houston alky will come on stream in the second quarter. Our FID decision, I think, the EBITDA will come around 105 million or something like that. So, I'd have to go back and look and see where compare now. But, we are still committed with the idea that A, going forward octane is going to be more valuable. There's a couple of reasons for that. One is the auto is going higher octane; and two, you still haven't seen tier 3. All this tier 3 investment get in and sort of potentially pressure the octane. And then, finally, just all this light crude puts a lot in that out there. So, all that put together, essentially, we believe that octane is going to be valuable. Where it is versus our funding decisions, where we just have to check, but we still feel like it's a good project. And the same true for our St. Charles, Alkylation project.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Jason. This is Lane. So, yes, the fees, particularly the marginal fee which is low sulfur VGO into these FCCs will fit into the half-a-way percent fuel oil market.
Lane Riggs: We've done a lot of work in terms of blends, making sure that there's some compatibility. There is not -- the spec for is not that rigorous. It really ends up being -- there's just sulfur spec. So, really what you really got to be careful of is for something that you do to the blend that creates compatibility. I'm pretty confident, ultimately, industry will work through all that. It's not to say that really on there won't be some of those issues. We've worked with some of these people to try to work on our own blends around that. So, that's really the only issue this potentially could have.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Blake, this is Gary. Of course, with the sanctions, we're currently not taking anything from Venezuela. But, it was about 20% of our heavy sour that we run was Venezuelan barrels historically. We're certainly hopeful that we’ll see proper resolution to the crisis, not only for the benefit of the crude markets but for the welfare of the people of Venezuela. We've seen production decline in Venezuela for years, and we've also known there was a threat of sanctions. So, we’ve put alternatives in place to be prepared for this. Of course, the announcement was just made Monday; we've only had 48 hours to respond. Our top priority really has been to get to next 30-day supply plan covered. And I can tell you we're in a lot better position today than we were on Tuesday, but we still have some holes to fill in our supply plan. We really run Venezuelan barrels at two of our refineries in the Gulf, St. Charles and Port Arthur. The St. Charles refinery did begin a turnaround on their crude and coker unit. So, that definitely minimizes the impacts that the sanctions had on our system. To your point, current economics are certainly pushing us to maximize light sweet in the system.
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary again. Of course, it seems like early in the year, during this call, we always are kind of panic on the gasoline markets. We feel very good about gasoline demand moving forward. high employment and low gasoline prices should result in good gasoline demand. The wild card of course becomes refinery utilization. So, with the 20-year high refinery utilization we saw last year, we are starting the year with a bit of an overhanging. The overhanging gasoline has primarily been PADD 1, PADD 2 and PADD 3. If I look at those regions individually, I could see that we build a little bit more inventory in PADD 1. The market structure is such that there's an economic incentive to make summer grade gasoline and put it in tankage in New York Harbor, and they're still tankage available. So, that would come. You could some inventory again in PADD 1. I think you'll see some significant improvements in both PADD 2 and PADD 3 moving forward. PADD 2, I think, a lot of the gasoline build was a result of the crude discount. The margins were just very strong. So, typically at PADD 2, you see refinery utilization drop off in the winter to balance the market. But with the crude discounts where, they ran hard. But if I look at the PADD 2 market now, there looks to be more planned maintenance this year than was last year. As we move forward and then currently with the cold snap hitting PADD 2, there seems to be quite a few refinery issues in that region. In fact, the Explorer Pipeline between group 3 and Chicago is now pro-rated, indicating there's a big pull for products in that region. So, I think you'll see gasoline inventories draw in PADD 2. And I also think you'll see some good gasoline draws in PADD 3 as well. Then, the Gulf, early in the year, we typically have fog issues which hinder our ability to export product, and we saw that again this year. We also saw a bottleneck trying to get gasoline into Mexico, which is obviously our largest export destination. And then, we saw a lot of refiner buying interest in the Gulf as well as people build some inventory in preparation for turnaround, so they could cover their supply during their outages. So, I think, all those things, as you see lower utilization in the Gulf as a result of planned maintenance beginning and you see exports pick up, I'm confident you'll see inventories in PADD 3 grow as well. So, I think we feel pretty good about gasoline. We feel very good about gasoline demand. And again, the wildcard is what utilization is going to be going forward.
Gary Simmons: Yes, fuel oil. I think, it definitely is the issue you talk about. There has been a lot of significant hits to fuel on the supply side with OPEC cuts and the Iranian sanctions, now Venezuelan sanctions and production cuts in Western Canada. If you look at the forward curve on fuel oil, it's backward about $1 a month, and a lot of that is tied to the IMO 2020 fuel spec change. We do see fuel moving weaker as a result of lower demand for high sulfur fuel oil. And then, there's some signs that some of the production can be coming on. The Alberta government did announce that they're going to go ahead and raise production in February, at least 75,000 barrels day. So, some of those things will help as well.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I would tell you on the gasoline to distillate swing, there's very little else we can do. We're pretty much maxed out on distillate today. On light crude, we would tell you that the numbers Joe gave you that was about 90% of our light sweet capacity. And so, there is some room there to push some additional light sweet crude into our system.
Gary Simmons: Exactly. So, we've been saying we have about 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude capacity.
Gary Simmons: No, we really haven't. Historically, we see a lot of buying interest in December from Mexico and we see these bottlenecks then trying to get the barrels into the country. And obviously, the crackdown on fuels made that even worse. We're seeing good demand from Mexico, not only waterborne barrels, but we continue to ramp up our business of actually importing the barrels into the country and we're seeing very good demand for barrels delivered all the way in the country as well.
Gary Simmons: So, I think on the heavy side, we've definitely seen that Maya is probably not the best marker for what we're paying for a heavy sour crude. So, in the fourth quarter, if you look Maya was priced at 4.50 discount to Brent. WCS or Western Canadian Select in the U.S. Gulf Coast was trading at a $10.60 discount to Brent. And we believe that the Canadian quote was much more representative of our actual delivered heavy sour into the system. In addition to that, then there were certainly some things with the connect -- disconnect in western Canadian pricing. We had a significant uplift on the crude by rail, we did 43,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian by rail in Port Arthur, and those were very discounted barrels.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, in the fourth quarter, we also set a record on the volume of Canadian heavy that we ran in our system. We ran over 180,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian. And it is sourced via pipe, delivered into the Gulf, and then we do about 40,000 barrels a day crude by rail. Our view is that crude by rail will be necessary until one of the major pipeline projects gets approved out of western Canada.
Gary Simmons: Sure, Neil. This is Gary. I don't think our view of what will transpire as a result of IMO 2020 has really changed at all. We still see that you'll see a significant uptick in diesel demand and you'll see weakness in the high sulfur fuel oil markets. The shape of the high sulfur fuel curve is pretty much as we assumed it would be. The starting point is a little higher with high sulfur fuel oil trading 94% of Brent today, but you still see steep backwardation in high sulfur fuel oil curve. I think, the one to us that we keep staring at is the ULSD forward curve really isn't showing any IMO impact at all. And we still believe there will be significant demand increases as a result of IMO and strong diesel cracks as a result of that as you approach that January 2020 date.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think, the biggest thing for us in the eastern Gulf is St. Charles is obviously a heavy sour refinery, and getting better access to heavy Canadian crude would be a big advantage for us there. And so, we're certainly looking at some of the projects that are out there, namely the Capline reversal has a potential to be able to get more cost effective heavy sour crude in to St. Charles is a big benefit to our system.
Gary Simmons: Yes. We see the spread. But, it's not a real meaningful contribution to our overall earnings for the quarter.
