Joe Gorder: Hey. Good morning, Jeff. This is Joe. Yeah. I’d say you raise a very good point. I mean, if you look at it broadly, we are going to maintain a very balanced approach with the use of cash returning it to shareholders via the dividends and buybacks. And then, investing to maintain the quality assets, which is, just a core part of our capital programs and then we are also investing to take advantages, natural resources advantage were enjoyed. Relative to the investment in logistics asset, I think what you would see now is a bit of shift in capital -- in the strategic capital from -- for example, we shift some of the spending for the purposed methanol plant for 2015 and we move the crude by rail facility up into 2014. So as the percentage, I think, that we have now is 54% of our strategy capital now is focused on logistics, where as previously, Jeff, is in the 40s. So the point that you make is one that we clearly agree with and recognize and so we’ve seen a shift in that capital.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Jeff, I’ll tell you what, you asked a question and I think you recognized that it’s very difficult to look at unit within the refining complex and determine specifically what’s the return to that is, because of all the interrelationship in the plant. I think we’ve said in the past and we would continue to say that the hydrocracker project were very good investments. Project -- the units are running very well and Lane can speak to that and the projects that we are getting out of units are good, high-quality diesel fuel that we are able to export as EN 590 grades versus a conventional diesel fuel. So, although, I don’t have a specific return on hydrocracker project per se for you, I’ll tell you we are pleased with the investment. We think they have improved the quality of the portfolio and they are performing very well.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. No, Paul, we don’t and I’ll tell what, what we are doing right now is we are going through the strategic planning process here at Valero and part of that, obviously, is the review of any kind of growth project we might be looking forward to in the 2015, in addition to what we got base loaded. We are spending $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion a year on maintenance reliability turnaround. So, that is going to continue and be fundamentally part of what we’re doing. But we haven’t settled in on the projects, the growth projects we want to carry forward those and we continue to pursue the crude units, we continue to look at the methanol plant. And then as you would expect there is host of logistic projects that we are evaluating. But we haven’t settled in on the number, yet.
Joe Gorder: 13% off of rig. Right, so it’s in that general range. It still would trickle to run the heavy solid crudes versus pushing more light sweet into the plant.
Joe Gorder: Well, Sam, we look at these projects all the time. Right now, we don’t have a condensate splitter project on the board. We’re very focused on the two crude units that we talked about and really nothing beyond that at this point in time.
Joe Gorder: Sam, this is Joe. Randy Hawkins is with us reporting and Randy is our Senior Vice President of Crude and Feedstocks Supply and he will be able to answer that for you.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I mean, I think there were some -- maybe some people that were anticipating BridgeTex being a bit earlier and I think overall the high run rate, people were just a bit short and falling inventories as well led to that.
Joe Gorder: Blake, good morning. I mean that’s a fair question but quite honestly I think that this management team that’s in the room today has been working with Bill for a long time and the plans that we put in place are plans that we are all very comfortable with. And so if you look at what we have got on the burner with the crude units and the logistics investment and then you look at some of the projects that are being contemplated like the methanol plan. These are all projects. This team feels pretty good about and that we are continuing to advance the conversations around. So from an investment perspective there isn’t. From a use of cash perspective, we have maintained for sometime now that we are going to try to maintain a balanced program between investment and capital projects for growth and return of cash to shareholders. And I think we are going to continue to do that. I mean very clearly the fact now that we have had our second dividend increase this year which support the fact that we are permitted to increasing the cash returns to shareholders. And then today we bought back about 10.4 million shares and we will continue to do that throughout the year as cash flow is available to do it. So I would say there is no major shifts right now. The ox cart is not in the ditch. And as I mentioned earlier we are going through the process of pulling together our strategic plan for the next several years including and that will be capital plan. So I think we are in a pretty good position.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake the refinery was moving turn around in the internally around in second quarter, so we aren’t going to see the impact of any of those that bitumen movement until the third quarter.
Joe Gorder: Faisel, I think we are all waiting to see what those regulations settling in at and if you look at the things that are being proposed with the shell thickness in the (indiscernible) protection systems, the breaking systems. There is going to be a lot of retrofitting activity and modifications to already planned cars that has to take place and frankly the fleet, the rail fleet is in service today, it’s very large and depending on the timeline for retrofit, it’s going to have an affect on rail movement just in general. So we don’t have a good estimate as to what the overall impact is going to be. We are in the process of working this year or so specifically working with ASP and formulating response to DOT and to transport Canada’s proposal, but its probably just a little bit early for us to give you any idea as to what the impact might be.
Joe Gorder: Right. That’s an interesting question. Why don’t we let -- Scott Lively is with us today and he is our Senior Vice President of Products, Supply and Trading. Maybe he can just give you some thoughts on that.
Joe Gorder: We do talk about the incremental barrel into a refiner being a light sweet water borne barrel, which should be kind of a Brent type barrel, as long as that’s the incremental barrel, you’re going to be pricing products off of Brent.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. I think the one thing that we do have going right now though is that there is probably as much ethanol being blended into the gasoline fuel. This could possibly be blended and as a result supply of RIN is there. So the economics are supporting it and the ethanol market in general, this is favorable to blend.
Joe Gorder: I think that’s what their expectation is, is that it comes out it would be interesting to have ‘14s and ‘15s come out. Well, it would be interesting to have ‘15 come out in ’14. I wouldn’t think that there hasn’t been our past practice, but I don’t think there is anything that we’ve heard to a great that’s given us any indication of what ’15 might be.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, I think we’re looking at host of different logistics project that are in development and will allow us to take advantage of what you've described. There’s great opportunity with the shale plays. But I don’t have anything specifically share with you right now 
Joe Gorder: Yeah, thanks for that. I think the biggest difference that I see, is that crude runs are so much higher than what they’ve been as of late which we go through some regional turnarounds that we head into Q3 or so. My thoughts is that this thing will get back to normal. As we’re seeing September contract trade today and we’ve seen LLS back down $2 to $3 under Brent and last year $7 under Brent. So things are starting to look normalize.
Joe Gorder: We are up on it. One last thing I’ll add was Scott has said to your point, U.S. Gulf Coast capacity is most competitive capacity in the world. So if there we can save any market, we have low natural gas front. We are (indiscernible) and we’re well positioned to maintain our assets. High utilization is we can find. We’re not really up against any export logistic per se. So we don’t really see being (indiscernible).
Joe Gorder: Well, I mean, that’s a million dollar question right there. In the subsequent question that is, at what point in time do we start doing this logistics projects in VLP itself and not at Valero Energy for dropdown? We have a lot of good projects that we are looking and what we are trying to understand is whole notion around, if you would look at gross capital or net capital number to be quite honestly, yes. We have a very good feel for I believe what we are going to be spending on refining side of the business that the wildcard here is, how much do we spend on the logistics side. So, I know you love to have a number and there will be a point when we give it you but I am just not prepared to share today.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Well, honestly, you know, we mentioned earlier that we continue to take a look at the project and we are advancing engineering. Lane and his team are trying to get our arms around exactly, what the scope of the project is. And again, yet, to look at the transaction you mentioned to know the impact of it, so we will take a look and then perhaps we can look back with you and have actually involve and John.
Joe Gorder: That phase we’ll make a decision whether we feel so good about that we’ll go ahead and order all the equipment, which would expedite the project. That’s really the critical decision that we’ve taken.
Joe Gorder: Well, again, our two crude units had a capacity there we provide them for 50 API. We can certainly run them at slightly reduced capacity. We can run even more. I think, the way we best -- the way we do things, we’ll compare condensate and versus our alternative crude economic and that will determine how much we’re going to run. I think what I was trying to talk earlier was I think, the industry and everybody making it stream, its going to have to try the market. That was the like condensate, whether it’s slightly altered condensate, process condensate, new condensate, I’m not sure. That’s I have to plan at own somewhere. Our assessment was it’s going to be the Far East. But we will certainly our best relationship with condensate and crude oil is this becomes more available.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Faisel. Thanks, Sylvia. I think with that we appreciate everyone calling in and those listening to our call today. If you have additional questions, please contact our IR department. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane. They’ve averaged 120,000 combine units averaged 120,000 barrels in the second quarter. They’ve definitely earned very well. These are great units. We are currently in the process of performing a test run at our St. Charles Refinery. It’s I don’t want to. I would be careful not to say what they are, where we are on that. But it certainly allows us to look at a very limited opportunistic capital investment. Those units are really bring them up to essentially all about the equipment and the sizes. But they’ve ramped fantastically in the second quarter.
Lane Riggs: That is what we would call our volume variance which is if the units would’ve performed the way we had planned than they would have generated another $103 million.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. I’m not -- it’s really that's embedded inside our performance. We’d have to get back with you on that exact number.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Paul, this is Lane Riggs. So again we have our two announced crude units, one at Corpus Christi and one at Houston with the combined capacity of incremental suite capability of about around 160,000 barrels a day. And then we’ll finish McKee which is an incremental 25 a day next year. Those are really the planned expansion on light sweet product capability. So with that said, we still are learning limits of our system on how much light sweet crude we can run, particularly on a Gulf Coast where it’s available. And we’re not really -- we still optimize those crude into our system versus our alternative medium sour, heavy sour, Canadian heavy and all these other. So we still have -- we can feel optimize and run more if the economics signals are there.
Lane Riggs: So you are saying -- Paul, this is Lane. So you are saying that we’ve given guidance in the past that we need a light heavy differential of 10% versus….
Lane Riggs: Yeah, back out heavy and run sweet. It’s probably fair somewhere in that number. Today we definitely have incentive to run all three et cetera. And they all have slightly a pretty similar margins into our crude capacity and/or into an open (indiscernible). So I think today, if you would look at, they are very reflective of what these -- what the relative values in refineries are.
Lane Riggs: So Sam, this is Lane. I’ll follow-up a little bit. The two crude units that we have designed, have a designed API gravity of 50. So these two crude units are fairly long although we would say the equipment is necessary to run a pretty light diet. We could run condensate and this is going to be a matter of again, what the economic signals and how distressed it is. In our economics, we had LLS and Brent parity. And we had to export naphtha out of U.S. Gulf Coast close to Far East. So that stream whether it’s condensate, it’s naphtha, whatever form it takes, it’s got to find the market whether it’s western Europe or the Far East, that sort of -- the value of naphtha is in the value of these condensates. It’s still -- it will be interesting to see how that goes.
Lane Riggs: And that will be included in our economic because our alternative would be the intermediate to fill out of conversion units.
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane. And now we’re pretty much still running, making almost within the noise of our systems, the same amount of gasoline that we were. And because of flexibility in the system and how we can change in points, whether we made naphtha or gasoline or just a lot of optimization points that we still have.
Lane Riggs: Okay. This is Lane again, all start with the Benicia rail project. It’s currently in the -- DEIR is out during the comment period, we close on that. The comment period will close September 15. We’re still confident that we will get a permit, of course we’ll hope -- we'll, certainly along the city of Benicia will help to help answer all the question that come out of DEIR. On the first point, we are looking at a lot of projects to the ones that you’re talking about. And I think we’re fairly skeptical. It would be tough to get permits. I think at the end of day, we take a while to build the project and get permit push through with quite an effort, as you can see with the crude-by-rail project on the West Coast.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I don’t know -- I'm not sure, I can give you exactly the loss. It hasn’t been large but what we do, we’re very careful in terms of how we articulate the quality of those suppliers. We have deducts and we can’t give you numbers but we have standard deductions with API gravity goes up. We try to offset any sort of financial penalties we might have. But as refiners, we personally would like to see the condensate out of the blended crude. We’re not but that’s going to take a considerable infrastructure buildout to try to get condensate in whatever locations pushed to back in half. And so we’re not necessarily opposed to condensate being segregated to other crude strengths. But today, we don’t have. We haven’t had any real major constraints based on these gravities that we certainly have. The way we purchase our crude, we certainly attempt to offset it.
Randy Hawkins: I think you touched on it already -- the high utilization rate that kind of led to some of the spike that we saw in LLS at the end of the August trade month. But I think you hit on the nose. The thing that we are looking ahead is the BridgeTex startup that we are anticipating at sometime late Q3 that will bring some of this distressed midland type barrels to the Gulf Coast that should help to provide some of the barrels that the Gulf Coast needs.
Randy Hawkins: Yes, I would say that we’re railing from Canada would be on par or better than Maya. The volumes for Q2 are fairly small. We anticipate this increase as we move into Q3.
Randy Hawkins: Sure. Faisel, this is Randy Hawkins again. On our Canadian volume, we do anticipate with our rail facility in Lucas coming up later in the year that we will increase the amount of rail that we are taking into our production facility. We also buy regularly Canadian heavy after the pipeline systems coming out of cushion as well. So right now we don’t anticipate that impacting our volumes with Mexico and it more is backing out some of the spot heavy that we are doing elsewhere from around the region.
Randy Hawkins: Faisal, this is Randy again. The key specifically it’s mostly a Midland market which is with crude oil at the moment. And similarly, Ardmore also takes some barrel out of that market as well. So we’ve really not seen any impact on supply of the source barrels.
Randy Hawkins: Yeah. I think definitely to market goals are backward aided so there is no incentive for people to hold barrel there.
Randy Hawkins: No. This is Randy get in. No real constraint. I mean, it moving to your pipe on that Ho-Ho and barging and shipped in through Louisville. All that does satisfy and the rail is continuing to come down as well from the Bakken. So (Indiscernible) is well supplied. 
Scott Lively: I guess, the way that I think about it, I don’t think about necessarily what price products have to price off of as a feedstock. I just think, you’ve got prices that are around the globe and we have to compete. And so barrels either arb into those markets or did not arb into those markets. And so you can say, we priced against Brent or we priced against something else. Well, we’re running a lot more WTI based crudes in the Gulf Coast. So that region sees more of a WTI like margin whereas, something on the East Coast of New York refinery say, might price more against West African, Canadian that moves eastward. So I think you’re going to see pockets, the differentiation based on what crude types people run. But I don’t get it but I necessarily think about the way that you’re trying to describe with pricing against brand specifically or WTI specifically.
Scott Lively: You have to get rid of all the gasoline production in those marginal refineries, which -- that’s a lot of European and African and South American refineries. Those would have to be backed down, shut down before your price in the marginal barrel off of LLS or WTI and that significant amount, so those are the price pattern. Yes, you going to have times where U.S., low quality gasoline in the winter going to trade cheaper than it does in summer, you always have seasonality. But the marginal barrel is still going to be pricing out of the U.S. that’s going to set the prices.
Scott Lively: Hi, Roger. This is Scott again. Over the quarter, we exported 210 a day of diesel and I would say, that’s pretty flat with where we were on 1Q. We still see continued global demand growth in that fuel. So we feel pretty positive about our ability to export number one and having those markets to export into number two. You did have a little bit of hangover effect of the mild winter that Europe had, which really, particularly kept German stocks from drawing down. But those stocks are coming back more in line and those guys look like they are going to need to be building going into the winter. So we fully expected these export rates that we’ve had to continue out in the 3Q and 4Q.
Scott Lively: Well, we do of course, keep our eye on the markets and we are participants. I think it probably put me at a competitive disadvantage if I said exactly what we were doing and what I planned on doing if we got an idea that they were actually going to raise too or above the blend wall as Podesta and potentially, Gina MacCarthy have alluded to. I think we just have to sit back just like everyone else and wait for them to come out with the final decision on what the obligation is gong to be. And hopefully at sooner rather than later because obviously as the time horizon shrinks that shrinks the time horizon for you to be able to go out there and procure the RINs that you’re obligated to in arrears.
Scott Lively: This is Scott again. As you know that those gasoline exports are seasonal. So we do export less in 2Q and tend to export more in 3Q and 4Q especially we have more availability in butane works itself back into the pool. I think that we’re going to cost advantaged. And we do see plenty of opportunities with growth and market in Central, South and Central America, South America and in Mexico we still see put in opportunity to put barrels out in those regions. So we still pretty good about our positions to export and keep refinery rates high in our system as result of those exports.
Scott Lively: Allen, this is Scott again. I think that we were a bit ahead of the curve versus Europe of course on running those price advantaged crudes. So depending upon how long that takes to work its way and you can still see more closures in Europe. And clearly, Europe’s kind of at a pinchpoint between the United States -- and mostly U.S. and Russia. Like I said before, I steel feel pretty good about our ability to export into these markets. A lot was made about Jubail coming on line. So far, you can see a sprinkling of cargos go here and there. But so far, what we’ve seen is those cargos from Jubail have mostly gone into internal demand and stayed on the east coast of Africa. So sure, going forward, there is more refineries, they are going to come online and by way of China, there is going to be more capacity in U.S. but you should see that tempered with refinery closure especially those ones that are marginal. And as we said before, we still see the prospect of world demand growth for diesel.
