Joseph W. Gorder: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Our team again delivered solid operating results and distinctive financial performance during a quarter where we saw heavy maintenance activity and soft margins. Our continued focus on safety and reliability in our plants has been key to our ability to capture the available margin. In the first quarter, we saw healthy domestic and export demand for refined products driven by low prices, seasonal weather conditions in North America and Europe, and a resurgence of domestic oil patch activity. Latin America also continued to be a strong source of demand for gasoline and diesel. On the crude supply side, we continued to see rig count increases in the U.S., particularly in the Permian Basin. As production ramps up and more domestic sweet crude makes its way to the Gulf Coast our refineries in the Mid-Continent and the Gulf Coast are prepared to capture the feedstock opportunities. While RIN prices have declined relative to 2016 there's still a significant headwind for the quarter. At this level, RIN's expense remains an issue for us, so we continue to work with regulators. Turning to our refining segment, in the first quarter we completed a heavy turnaround schedule at our Benicia, Texas City, St. Charles, and Meraux refineries. Our employees and contractors safely executed these projects. With the majority of our planned maintenance for the year behind us, we should be ready to capture available market opportunities. In our ethanol business, we had record production volumes for the quarter as higher ethanol prices and strong demand for ethanol exports supported production rates. Also in the first quarter, we invested $641 million of sustaining and growth capital, construction is progressing on the Diamond Pipeline with completion expected at the end of this year. Work on the Diamond Green Diesel plant expansion, the Houston alkylation unit and the Wilmington cogeneration plant is continuing as planned. Turning to our MLP, as we disclosed in our 10-K for 2016, we created a new VLP segment to align how we manage and allocate resources. Growth in our VLP segment is critical to Valero's strategy to optimize the supply chain. The third party acquisition of the Red River pipeline in January is a good example of VLP executing this strategy, which is focused on assets that are key to Valero's operations or that will supply third party volumes without taking on commodity risk. Lastly, regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid $629 million in cash through dividends and stock buybacks. So, we believe we're in good shape to exceed our payout target for the year. This payout demonstrates the company's free cash flow generating capability even in a soft margin environment. So, with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: And Benny, I think, and John can talk a little bit too, he and Mike, we went through this process of trying to decide, did we want to go ahead and create the segment. We felt we needed to create the segment so that there was more line of sight to what it is, and then the question becomes, what do you put in the segment? We decided to keep it as clean as possible and just be sure that everybody had a line of sight to the fact that this is the way we manage the business, and we wanted it to be very clear and clean. So the portfolio of assets that we have at Valero that are still droppable, all of that EBITDA that's droppable into VLP is there, but we didn't want to cloud it by including that. So anyway, it's a pretty straight up segment.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah. Phil, that's a good question, and I'll let Gary talk a little bit about the RIN market, and then Jason can just give you an update on the regulatory front, if that's okay.
Joseph W. Gorder: Paul, I think it's in the refining side of the business, in the midstream side of the business. I'll let Lane talk a little bit about the projects that we've got going on in refining and then maybe Rich wants to share a little bit about anything we got going on on the logistics side, but Rich don't tell them anything secret.
Joseph W. Gorder: Paul, just more broadly on this. We've talked about the fact that we're interested from a strategic perspective in integrating more assets that go into the refinery and moving product out of the refinery. And that's not a short-term strategy that's a long-term strategy. Along with the other things that we're doing. Safety, reliability and environmental focus and then shareholder returns is the third component. So I think, the strategy that we've got in place today, certainly we have line of sight to the next couple of years, but it's a strategy that I believe works long-term. It allows us to continue to increase the value of the business. So we're very comfortable with it. And again, Rich and Lane are both developing projects, we scrub them hard and then we'll just see which ones we want to proceed with going forward. But the focus is clearly around the core business of refining and marketing and around ethanol.
Joseph W. Gorder: So, Paul, on the strategy and I mentioned it earlier. I think the things that we're doing today and they're very much focused on making us the best refining and marketing operation out there, and I believe that, based on the independent surveys that we really are the best, but we continue to raise the bar for ourselves and try to drive it forward. Again, that's not a short-term activity. That is a long-term activity that we'll continue to do going forward. Now, if you think long-term about the markets, okay, and the demand for our products more specifically, you say, well is U.S. demand going to continue to grow going forward? I think our forecast would be that in the next five to ten years you might see a slight decline in gasoline demand in the U.S. Diesel will be determined by economic activity, and so we'll just see how that goes. But as Gary mentioned earlier, we are seeing decent diesel demand, and a lot of that is being driven by the increase in activity that we've got in the E&P side of the business. If you think longer term and you think about where demand is going to grow, everything we read is that, globally, you're going to have increased demand for all of our products. And so our focus will go beyond the U.S. borders and we'll take a look at opportunities to increase our market presence in different international markets, and one of the things that Rich and his team are focused on are establishing a footprint in some of those markets so that we have better access to them on a rateable basis. So, I don't think you should expect us to shift the strategy materially going forward. Clearly, midstream growth is something we're focused on. Continuing to improve our refining and our renewables operation is something we're focused on. And then we've talked in the past about the possibility to take some of the streams that we're producing today and high grade them by legging into the petrochemical business. That's something that's probably a little bit longer term, but it is something that we're actively looking at these days and trying to figure out what is a way for us to enter that type of business, boiling the frog rather than diving in head first and see if we can create another earnings stream for the company.
Joseph W. Gorder: Ryan, let me just try to be sure we're clear. So, there's two things we're looking at, right? One, are the organic growth projects that we're doing. I would say that we're not reducing our return thresholds on our organic growth projects in the midstream part of the business, and we kind of target, whether it be a drop or whether it be an organic growth project, we want to be like a 12% pre-tax IRR regardless, okay? Now if you're thinking in terms of M&A and the valuations that we're seeing on midstream assets, I'd say that they're pretty doggone aggressive, okay? Rich, you want to -
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, I mean, you saw -- Ryan, you saw the recent deal that was done around Navigator. And I don't know what the rate of return might be on that, but it was a very aggressive bid, it seemed.
Joseph W. Gorder: No, I wouldn't say that. We're going to continue to do what we've done and Mike runs the M&A group here. I mean, we're going to look at everything that's out there and try to make a determination. In a perfect world, we'd find a bunch of assets where we can earn the types of returns who want to do the deal in VLP and it would provide some kind of strategic synergy for Valero Energy also. And we evaluate it looking at it both ways. We have probably liberalized our strategy around VLP a little bit. Historically, I've said that we look at the projects from Valero Energy's perspective first and then decide if we can or can't do it at VLP. And I would tell you that still is the primary motivation, but we are looking at transactions now that would be somewhat more third-party that the user of the asset would be a third-party, but it would bring value to Valero in some way. So, we're adjusting our perspective as we go.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, okay. I told Rich I didn't want him revealing secrets, right? But, no, obviously we're looking at it. I mean, we sell – Gary, you sell a lot of barrels into Mexico today, okay? And I think everybody out there is going to be looking at Mexico as a growth opportunity. And it's certainly one that is very logical for us to pursue. And so, I think you should assume that it's something that we plan to be involved in. And not only Mexico, but other Latin American countries also.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. Benny, I think what we've seen is early – and I'll talk about gasoline first. Earlier in the year, we saw that gasoline demand looked to be down a little bit and when we looked at the data more specifically, you could see it was a lot weather related, especially on the West Coast, you had a rainy season which caused demand to be down. As we progressed through the quarter, our March volumes looked to be fairly consistent with what we saw last year. So I think we think domestic demand will be fairly consistent with what we saw last year, but we're seeing a stronger pull on exports than what we saw last year, particularly Latin America, there appears to be a good pull of gasoline into Mexico and South America. On the distillate side, really for the whole first quarter we saw slightly better distillate demand, some of that was due to a little bit colder weather. We've seen good agricultural demand and then as we start to see the upstream recover, we're starting to see a pull there as well, on the distillates. And then distillates exports are also strong, again same – we're seeing some exports to Europe, but mainly strong export demand into Latin America.
Gary Simmons: So, I think, we certainly saw, especially D6 RINs call off early in the year. We're not really ready to revise our guidance at this time. We're going to keep our guidance where it is, and we'll just see how successful we are on some of these things about moving the point of obligation and what happens to RINs.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. I think that is consistent. We saw that when OPEC announced their cuts that there wasn't a big market reaction and I think a lot of that was we feel like there was a demand offset to the supply offset, so we had lower refinery demand with turnaround season and then they weren't burning as much oil, so there wasn't that much of an impact. And then we also think that a disproportionate amount of cuts went to the Far East and not to the U.S. market. As the U.S. has come out of turnaround season you're seeing a bigger impact of those cuts on the medium to light differential and I think where we are is we just kind of are waiting to see if really the OPEC countries are committed to our market or not. So far they've kind of sent the volume they want to send, but we got in last week where the differentials were to the point where economic signals were starting to point us to switch to a more domestic light sweet diet and back out the medium sour from the Middle East. What we've seen this week it's starting to widen back out, so I think they recognized that and I think they're committed to maintaining market share here and we've kind of seen a floor on that medium to light spread because you started to see refinery switch to the lighter diet and so this week it's improved about $0.50 from where we were last week.
Gary Simmons: Paul, so it's really impossible for us to give guidance in theory because so much of what's rolled into this is outside of our control, so just to give you an example, freight rates play a big role in that overall $350 million of spend. Things that we're doing is renegotiating terminal deals that we have, making sure that our barge utilization is efficient as it can and so what we'll try to do is work with John. We have some dashboarding tools that we're using to measure our progress and we'll try to work with him to see if there's something we can share with you guys going forward, but I can't really give you a dollar target.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So I think some of it is certainly related to refinery utilization in the region. And as mechanical availability has fallen off, it's opened the door for us to supply the market. But going forward in addition to that, we also see that there's some good demand growth trends that we're starting to see, particularly in Brazil, which had had negative demand growth. It looks like it's turned positive. So I think even as refinery utilization improves, you'll see demand growth in the region, which should allow us to continue to see that as a good export market.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so what we've seen, I guess, overall is, it does look like Venezuela's production has fallen off some. But their internal consumption for their refineries has kind of fallen off almost at a commensurate amount, so exports from Venezuela have been fairly constant actually. And then, we're seeing actually a growth in Brazilian production. So we're seeing more Brazilian barrels on the market. And then on the Maya question, we've continued to receive our contract volumes from Mexico fairly consistently.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so the way we view it, I mean, without giving too much specifics, today we're at a U.S. Gulf Coast plus Capline tariff to get a laid-in cost for Memphis' crude. And we believe that, with the Diamond Pipeline, we'll be at a U.S. Gulf Coast minus. And so it will be a significant change for the Memphis refinery. It's kind of hard to give EBITDA estimates, because you're kind of doing a market read in order to be able get that. But we believe it will have a significant impact on Memphis.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so we believe our capacity to process the light sweet crude is about 1.4 million barrels a day. So, if you look at our Investor Relations presentation, there's a pretty good slide there showing our ability to swing between grades. But overall, our total processing capacity is about 1.4 million barrels a day of light sweet capacity in the system.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so, you know the rule of thumb we always use is that the medium sours need to be discounted by 5% to your light sweet alternative. So, that's not 5% discounted to Brent. That would be a 5% discounted to whatever you're paying for Eagle Ford, and that's why last week, with where the medium sours were priced in the Gulf, our light sweet alternative favored going ahead and running light sweet.
Gary Simmons: I guess I'll start with the crude question. Really, the imports we're getting from Venezuela and from Mexico have been fairly flat. We're not seeing much of a change there. The big change really, on the medium sours we've shifted a little bit. We've seen more of an impact from both Saudi Arabia and Kuwait on the medium sour barrels we import from there, and we backfill those with some additional South American grades and Canadian grades. And then recently, over the last few weeks, we have actually started at one of our refineries to maximize some light sweet and replace some of the medium sour we're importing there.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Sam, this is Gary. I think you're going to continue to see volatility in the markets. And so we see that the domestic markers get a little strong and then weaken again, and you see imports come and then you see exports rise again. We've been very active exporting to our refiners in our system. We've been exporting to Quebec for quite a while now, and in the first quarter, we exported volume to Pembroke, and ran our first Permian Basin barrels in the Pembroke refinery, and saw good economic advantage to do that.
Gary Simmons: Chi, this is Gary. I would tell you the biggest impact we had was really on the heavy feedstocks we bring into the system compared to the Maya marker that moved quite a bit, so our heavy feedstocks were more expensive relative to Maya marker. And some of that was just Maya was much more competitive in the first quarter than what we either saw in the first quarter, what we had year-over-year.
Gary Simmons: Well – yeah, the Maya pricing and deliveries were fine, but the other heavy sours that we're buying versus the Maya pricing was not as competitive in the first quarter as what we've seen previously.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, we see that come and go. There's times where Mexican crude is very competitive and times where they kind of fall where they're not. So, that's why we kind of have a diversified strategy on pulling the South American grades and Canadian grades. And it looks like it has come in some already. And I would expect that to come in and continue to come in.
Michael S. Ciskowski: You know, we don't provide guidance on our dropdowns as it relates to the VLP. We're in good shape. We do provide the distribution growth plans for the next two years, but we have high coverage rate at the LP, and so we're not going to provide any of the dropdown guidance.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yeah, yeah. You're exactly right. When we look at what our payout is going to be for the quarter, we do look at our expected discretionary cash flow that's going to be generated that particular quarter. We also look at our excess cash balance that we may have in determining what we want to pay out for that particular quarter. So for this quarter we paid out a little over 200% of net income, but when you look at our cash flow, excluding the working capital benefit, it's about 75% of our cash flow. And that's how we'll look at it going forward.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yeah, I guess I would – how I would characterize that is we do have a few audits that are underway and that we don't know the exact timing on when those will be settled. So, here, this past quarter we did settle a couple of our state audits favorably which resulted in a reversal of some reserves, which then lowered the tax rate. So I think our 30% number is a good number. Unless we have some of these other events occur that allows us to lower the rate.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, I don't think we would be – we wouldn't lever up a material amount to increase our share – or we wouldn't lever up at all to increase our share buybacks. What we do look at, like I said, as we look at our discretionary cash flow that we expect to earn for the next quarter and the next couple of quarters, we balance that with our capital requirements that we have, and the other things that we have in place that we have to cover, debt service, whatever it is. So we are forward looking in that. Our plan is not to hoard cash, however. And our plan is to remain competitive with our peers and payout, but we would not lever up our balance sheet to return cash to shareholders.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, I guess theoretically, you could say that would be the case. However, we have provided a debt to cap range of 20% to 30% that we're comfortable with. Maintaining our investment grade credit rating is very important to the company, and a debt level within that range, we think, we do that.
R. Lane Riggs: Hi, Paul, this is Lane. We still have a strategic outlook of what we think, we are always looking at our assets with respect to feedstock flexibility. And really there's two lines that we invest there. One is to look at the natural capital arbitrage as it sits in refining to make sure we can fill it out the way we'd like and make sure we have access to the right feedstock. The other way we invest in that is, here's Rich's area and that's getting connectivity to terminals or get docks with respect to getting the products out or the feedstocks in, so really when we think about feedstock flexibility, it's really the opportunity to invest both in refining and logistics. We also have sort of a long-term outlook that we think octane is going to be valuable and we're in the process of building our Houston alky, we're looking at other octane capability throughout our system and so that's really the other one. And the final one is we're building the cogens at both Wilmington and we're looking at one at Pembroke and this is in response to what we think that natural gas price where there's an arbitrage between how the utilities are going to provide power costs versus our ability to make it ourselves using natural gas.
R. Lane Riggs: So, Ed, this is Lane. So, when you think about our capital budget, our talking numbers is we normally spend about $2.5 billion on CapEx a year. $1.5 billion of which is turnarounds and sustaining capital. It's really about $1 billion. So you can think about, I would say, a long-term run rate of $1 billion. And that's kind what we think that we naturally with our assets can manage well. And do sort of with our strategic outlook. We absolutely believe and already – I would say most particularly Rich's stuff is largely in the area of expanding logistics connectivity or refining operation and trying to run the sort of oil shale play. To the extent it would get bigger, we would certainly have a conversation and talk about whether we see a larger opportunity in that. But really our message is about $1 billion a year we're going to try to manage the business around.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah, I think we've been more like 1.1 million or 1 million barrels per day. If you look at our history – historically, where we were, that was probably about the case. Since the last time we had really compelling economics to run light crude, we finished both of these topper projects at Houston and Corpus. So we are in a position to run more even than we did last time, so.
R. Lane Riggs: As Joe alluded to, I mean, using common metrics, we're sort of in our own space with respect to availability, but we continue to try to get better because when we look at our entire portfolio, not all of our assets are first quartile mechanical availability, whereas many of them are. So we can always work on the ones that aren't. And we have great programs to get us in that area. In terms of costs, the real cost focus is what was talked about earlier, that's in our effort to reduce secondary costs. And Gary talked about it. It's through commercial efforts to negotiate and use our size to negotiate better and then let Rich figure out places where we can build assets that will directly allow us to essentially charge ourselves the cost of that and ultimately move those into droppable assets into the MLP.
R. Lane Riggs: Blake, this is Lane. I'll answer this in a couple of ways. One is I would say we believe and the guidance we've given is more of about $1.5 billion, of which I would say $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion is like truly sustaining capital. Somewhere around $200 million to $300 million is what we think normally is sort of regulatory spend that is not – we sort of put into the sustaining capital but it's not like we're – we're not rebuilding our assets or maintaining them, it's something that we're having to do due to regulatory things. We're a little bit higher this time due largely to Tier 3. Our Tier 3 spend is about $500 million, of which much of it will – we'll continue to spend up until the time that we have to be in compliance which is January 1st of 2020. And the bulk of it – really the bulk of that spend will be in 20018 and 2019.
R. Lane Riggs: ...certainly, in our Mid-Continent refineries, there's times that we can be – the lighter part of our refineries get constrained by these higher APIs. And then there's times where the gravity comes back in line, and we're off (53:37). And we have a longer term view that these crudes are getting lighter. We look at the same data, I'm sure, that you are, so we hit those constraints. (53:46) Now, with that said, we don't hit those constraints quite as much in our Gulf Coast refineries, because we have a little more flexibility in finding other feedstocks and crudes to blend with these things to make sure that we're always up against that constraint. So it's a little easier to optimize around these lighter crudes than it is in the Mid-Continent.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul, this is Lane. So, our planned outages in the first quarter was – the opportunity cost was $231 million. So as you've heard us talk, we've had – it was a fairly heavy turnaround quarter. In terms, of unplanned outages it was about $40 million.
