Ashley Smith: Okay, thank you, John, and good morning and welcome to Valero Energy's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, our Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, EVP and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, EVP and President of Ultramar. If you have not received our earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions about reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future, are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that can cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thanks, Mike. For modeling our third quarter operations, you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast at 1.42 million to 1.46 million barrels per day: Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 430,000 barrels per day: the West Coast at 270,000 to 280,000 barrels per day: and Northeast with Québec only at 200,000 to 210,000 barrels per day.  After we close on the Pembroke acquisition, our Northeast region will be combined with -- it will be changed to North Atlantic region and the Pembroke refinery will be combined into that region with the Québec refinery. And we expect throughputs for the third quarter to average between 370, 000 and 380,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.80 per barrel across our system in the third quarter.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the third quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million; net interest expense should be around $95 million; total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $390 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 37%.  We will now open the call for questions.
Ashley Smith: I think we were pleased with the results. We'd always like to have higher results but if you look at our capture rates given the market environment, we captured right in line with historical averages or we beat those averages in most regions. Costs were a little higher than expected, but not too much. So all in all, I think it's a fair representation of what we can achieve in this market environment.
Ashley Smith: Québec. Yes, typically -- and if you go back and look at our capture rates versus typical indicator like a Brent 211, it falls from first quarter to second quarter. Mostly on the light end, the butane, LPGs out there, the market always gets weak because you can't blend them into the gasoline pool and you'll see it fall from 4Q and 1Q are typically a higher-capture rate. It falls in second quarter and then kind of holds and builds back up as you can start blending into back in the gasoline.
Ashley Smith: That's absolutely. Go back -- we've been posting our Québec-only performance for that region. We posted that to the website a few months ago, right up to the first quarter. And you can see historically how Québec has done over the past 5 years and in the first quarter to second quarter, it falls anywhere from 20 to 30 percentage points on capture rate. And this is the key driver.
Ashley Smith: Okay, thanks, John. And I just want to thank shareholders for listening to today's call. If you have questions, please contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
William Klesse: This is Klesse, Ed. We'll look at all of that. Right now, we want to have adequate cash to go ahead and finish these projects. We've told you in the past this year's capital spending will be, as Mike said, and it's $3 billion to $3.2 billion, we believe. And next year's probably going to be in the same range as we finish our projects. So for guidance, I tell you we're at $3.1 billion for 2012. That will let us finish our projects, and then we'll see how our cash position is affected. Obviously, we're going to close on Pembroke in the U.K. and Ireland with cash, crude oil prices up some, so our intent is to buy all that inventory. So clearly, we'll pull our cash down here in the next week, but then we expect to build it back up because we see a very good third quarter, just as you see. Where we missed consensus, which I think is your question and looking -- when you actually look at what happened, we had a lightning strike at Port Arthur, we had a couple of other things that in a way were act of God. Our mechanical reliability is improving everyday so I mean, we have these acts of God but as you go through the third quarter, July's just about done. It's going to be an excellent month for us. So we missed consensus here in the second quarter but right now, we're going to beat consensus in the third quarter.
William Klesse: We have not seen that. I'm going to let Joe -- Joe Gorder is going to answer you. I think [indiscernible]
William Klesse: Let me just tell you a little more, though, we'll give you a little more here on Retail. Jean Bernier is going to tell you some about Retail for us, which will give you a good indication.
William Klesse: I would add that the St. Charles, which was a conversion from a millisecond to a conventional cat, we've seen at least an 8 percentage point increase in our conversion or yield to where we get the 4- to 5-year run. At Memphis, hanging the cat cooler because there's no vacuum tower in there, allows us to go ahead and heavy up our crude slate and we'll also get a 4- to 5-year run. So these are tremendous projects for us when you look at our reliability or mechanical availability going forward, as well as our just general yield because when you get these conversion yields when you have $100 oil, you can see that it's worth a lot of money to us. Taking that slurry to a clean product. Now on the taxes.
William Klesse: Doug, on -- sorry, I just want to finish then on the hydrocrackers there. We're still looking for Port Arthur to be completed in the third quarter of '12 and St. Charles to be completed in the fourth quarter of '12. So they are big. This is -- overall, this is over a $3 billion capital project between both clients. And this environment we have today will be significant profit contributors as the numbers we've given you in the slides that we've shown.
William Klesse: Doug, it's a very good question. And if you think about us strategically, we continue to work on geographic diversification, execution every single day, keeping our investment grade rating. These things are important, but then you get to our portfolio and when we look at demand in the United States, the world is growing, the United States is much more sluggish and it's grown, but we will continue to work on our portfolio. And so we are looking at it again. Obviously, the West Coast has depressed cracks. I think you've noticed in our earnings tables that we actually lost money at the refinery in Québec in the second quarter. And so we tend to look at all of these with the whole portfolio. These are long-term decisions, we'll analyze it in a long-term approach, but we are continuing to work on our portfolio so that we are, in fact, more competitive.
William Klesse: So Mark, we'll spend somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 million around Three Rivers to do some of this that the fellows are talking about. To go above that would cost more money and, of course, we'd probably need a permit. So these are longer conversations, then. And at Corpus, it's all been to this point really trucking, pipeline construction, getting the oil to the plants. Some of you may remember, I've mentioned to you we have a project at our McKee Refinery which is the same kind of thing, just not Eagle Ford, but the issue we have at McKee is we need a permit. We would spend about $100 million to have a modest expansion there which has good economics, but the permit is probably an 18- to 24-month conversation.
William Klesse: Why don't we -- why don't you call, Mark, because I don't mind telling you guys, our most profitable refineries are McKee, Three Rivers and Ardmore. So we're capturing but I'm not sure -- what I'd like you to do maybe is to call Ashley after the call and he'll walk you through it.
William Klesse: It's an expense of well over $100 million. And maybe I can just leave it at that. This is a big program and Joe is telling you things we're doing to mitigate that, but for Valero, it's well over $100 million.
William Klesse: The reason Lane is answering you this way is the East plant has a coker, so you tend to run the coker, but if you get enough discount, you don't run the coker.
William Klesse: Yes. On the current assets, it's $14.7 billion; current liabilities, $10.2 billion; total long-term debt, $7.6 billion; and then our market value in excess of a LIFO on the inventory is $7.9 billion.
William Klesse: I'm going to take the second part first. The configuration is an issue when you have $100 oil running at coking refinery, you just have to have a big discount. And that's all -- I mean, it's just as simple as that.
William Klesse: The discount would've been big enough in the second quarter then if we had run better. And we had a lot of problems to start up, which basically we started a year ago, getting ready to start up has been very tough for people who've worked very hard. We've had a lot of issues in getting back to a good rate. Today, we're running revenue 200,000 barrels a day, but we've had issues getting there.
William Klesse: I think we have clearly make progress on running -- being able to run reliably, but I would tell you that the second half on the P&L, not necessarily cash flow totally but P&L, will be challenging unless we get a change in the discounts.
William Klesse: Combined. $600,000 -- $600 million, $700 million, then we have a couple of other projects around it. So I would basically tell you that it's about a $1.5 billion to finish the 2 hydrocrackers, some of the crude work that's going on around it.
William Klesse: The capital spending next year? Yes. I'm going to say it's the same as this year, $3 billion to $3.2 billion and I think I said we'll go $3.1 billion kind is where we are sitting at this point. Now having said that, that's kind of like a ballpark number because like most companies you guys will talk to, we're in the middle of starting our budgets for next year and our planning, so...
William Klesse: It's a very fair question, Paul. Obviously in today's market, it is all about location. So just -- it's a given. And to solve some of the switch and Valero's benefiting by it, we have already told you that McKee, Ardmore and Three Rivers. So for the industry then to cause the LLS, WTI types to narrow, it's really, probably an 18-month to 2-year conversation because some of the things that I think Doug mentioned earlier, or maybe it was Jeff, they're not all happening yet. So this is 18 months to 2 years away for pipelines to move this volume out of the Mid-Continent. So location, it's all about location today. However, I would still say to you that at the end of the day, it's just like we've talked about in the past, it's location, it's complexity, but it's also being able to operate. And executing, executing, executing all the time. And that's the piece that you will notice over the next, as these projects are getting done, you're going to see our executing is dramatically improving. On our mechanical availability now, we are borderline first class -- first quartile and a couple of years ago, we were third and fourth quartile. So you will see that as these data keeps coming out. But today, it's all about location. Bottom line.
William Klesse: I'm not going to say not changing. I'm going to say it; a few minutes ago I said complexity matters. Where Valero's expertise is, is running high complexity refineries and that is our institutional knowledge here. However, we are looking at an expansion at the McKee refinery. We've already talked about what we're doing in South Texas. Those are projects that we would not have considered 2 years ago for sure. Would not have considered one year ago, for sure. So there is obviously some change in our approach. On the other hand, to give you the whole story, you can see our Québec numbers, as Ashley said. We have a currency, currency's gone up in Canada and that makes their conversion to dollars. You can see when you look at their operating costs, it's moved up dramatically. Obviously, they're buying light sweet crude. So where we have an emphasis on in Québec is going to be much more on the cost side and the products realization side because they've lost that currency buffer that they had previously. And the advantage crude oil being foreign. So clearly, this market that we're in with these differentials or spreads that we've not seen before are certainly biasing our -- certainly our strategy. But it is still about executing and complexity and being able to take these barrels and make very clean products out of them reliably every day.
William Klesse: I think Bill Bay just released our turnarounds, but we have them at Corpus Christi in October and Three Rivers in September. The Three Rivers refinery, the entire plant's down. And it's down for 3 or 4 weeks and the Corpus Christi one is…
William Klesse: The larger crude unit, the East plant we talked about, down for 3 weeks. The crude coke. But these turnarounds that are just scheduled turnarounds. The heaviest turnarounds we had was in the first quarter.
William Klesse: Ah no, Evan. There's really not any logistics in place. You can always route it. You can do -- you could put it, I guess, on a barge or a ship, but it's really, the logistics don't fall that way.
William Klesse: Well, you have to get the cars. I don't know what people are telling you. Ours now are probably almost a year lead time. Certainly, you'd have to build the facility. We have a rail facility, but it works for products. And our pipeline won't be finished until the end of next year. So we're looking at all of these items, including what Ashley mentioned on the butanes, as well, and on the general operating cost side. But your specific question is -- it's a little -- it's harder than just putting it on a ship and shipping it in.
William Klesse: We'll have some cost moving it around, but what we did is -- the oil fits us in many of our locations so we just decided to bid, it was a bid process. And so as Joe said, we got it for a little bit of a discount against the metric. Joe's supposed to get that discount every day.
William Klesse: I would say no because we typically -- and I guess one of you guys correct me, our crude inventory number runs about 20 days, 22 days, so we're turning our inventory over 20, 22 days here in that range. So it just goes through our system. And we'll -- our supply people are always balancing our system. So moves a couple of million barrels, we have over $100 million of barrels of total inventory and moves a couple of million barrels, but the system is always trying to get optimized.
William Klesse: All right. I'm going to answer you and say because we got into this conversation today, it all depends on the price. So today, we run different crude oils at our Houston refinery. We could put a lot of lighter crude in there. You could put lighter crude into all of our refineries. You'll underutilize your coker and then as Lane was explaining earlier because it's lighter, you'll overload your vapor handling capabilities, so that's where you'll have to stop. But it all depends on price.
William Klesse: No, I would say, we would not be able to run that much. We would get limited out on being able to handle the vapors. But you might make more money.
William Klesse: I think we would answer this to say our opinion is going to be no better than yours, I think is the best way to say that. The U.S. is still a big importer. The U.S. imports over 9 million barrels a day of crude oil. And so it would have to be some issue with the refining capacity which you were just asking us for that to happen. But of our knowledge would not be any better than yours here.
William Klesse: I think that eventually we can get to that number. And what it is, is basically, we spend DD&A. And then you always have to consider these environmental rights or other type of regulations. But yes, we can get there, but what we're doing today is we're spending in a little hire rate in that area just because we have many things going on to improve our reliability through our system. And as we're replacing bad actor pumps as we're addressing problem exchangers and that in the system, they are causing us to have a little higher capital spending. But our target would clearly be that we are going to able to do it around DD&A, with some subject to inflation there, but basically, a DD&A. And for Valero, total DD&A is about $1.5 billion. So for the refining group, it must be about $1.3 billion.
Joseph Gorder: It's been fairly flat, and we're off a little bit on gasoline and diesel here today. We keep looking for those glimmers of hope. But I think on the gasoline side, as long as you got unemployment where it is, it's going to be very tough here, in the States, anyway, for gasoline demand to pick up. Distillate demand we're getting mixed signals. You've got some of the trucking indicators looking positive and some of them looking negative. The same is true with the rail and the marine cargoes, the Port of Los Angeles data looks a little different than the Port of Long Beach data. So we're not seeing any significant improvement, but we're not seeing things crater, either.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Doug. Things look good there. I mean, our gasoline exports in the quarter were 69,000 barrels per day and our diesel exports were 143,000 barrels a day. Now the gasoline is primarily being drawn into Mexico, but we moved some to Ecuador and Chile also. On the distillates side, 70% went to Europe in the quarter and 30% to South America. And if we look out to the third quarter, those numbers are generally in that same range. Distillates might be a little higher than the second quarter, but generally in that same range. And Doug, the key for me is that we continue to see an open arm to Europe for the EN590 grade distillates. And so when I look at our distillates for the second quarter, they were down a little bit from historical numbers, but it was more related to availability of supply for us to move out than it was demand abroad. And then if you'll look out to the quarter, the third quarter and going forward, we still have Mexico demand exceeding their supply as imports grow. I think Mexico is now importing 425,000 barrels a day of gasoline and 130,000 barrels a day of diesel and both of those are up from last year. We still have supply problems with Venezuela. Petrobras is purchasing gasoline. And so looking out, things look like they're going to continue that way and so we should see continued strong demand on the Gulf Coast.
Joseph Gorder: Blake, I really think it's going to be this way for a long a time. It's almost getting to be a chorus here instead of verse that we've got strong export sales in Gulf Coast. I read an article this morning that Reliance is moving their barrels now to Asia. Asian demand is still strong and we expected them to come to the states at some point in time, we just haven't seen it. So you've got growth in other parts of the world which are pulling those barrels. The Gulf Coast refineries, as we've said before, are very cost competitive. And you have natural markets for those barrels and those barrels are into Mexico, Central America, South America and then over to Europe. And I just expect that this is going to be with us for some time.
Joseph Gorder: Well, this is Joe, Mark. It's the economics that are giving rise to it and you're right, we ran much higher volumes of marlum [ph] and Friday in the second quarter. We also ran more volumes of M-100. But it was all economically driven.
Joseph Gorder: Mark, we're up definitely by our grids. And we're now to the point where we're blending probably over 80% of our gasoline volumes with ethanol. So that's not the issue, but it's really the biodiesel RINS that become the challenge for us. There's just not enough biodiesel up here to blend for us to meet it with blending this year. We have plans underway to put in blending facilities for biodiesel at a handful of our racks. And we expect that by the end of 2012, we'll be blending at volume to satisfy that obligation, but it will be a build-up until that time. So we are a short grid.
Joseph Gorder: No. No. Unless the market for the RIN -- and frankly, Mark, it's all related to these biodiesel RINS. Those are very expensive. The market forms about $1.34 and you look at that compared to an ethanol RIN, it's $0.035. So the market for the biodiesel RINS are very high because they're just not available out there. We are going to be blending more though, as I said, and as a result, that expense should go down as we proceed forward.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, I mean, Jeff, clearly, the Mid-Continent refineries are benefiting now, right? We all see that. But to the extent that we do move sweet crudes down into the Gulf, you're going to see pressure on LLS prices. And so would we like to see some of the crude end up in the Houston market where we could run it or over at Memphis? Absolutely. I don't think that we're going to see this get resolved, though, anytime soon. I don't know what your view is, but you've got so much production coming on stream up there as you describe, that I think we're going to see significant volumes continue to pour into the market, both from the regions you mentioned, the Bakken area from the Panhandle area and then Canadian barrels coming in. And it's going to be 18 months or better for the pipelines to be put in place to carry it out. So I think you're going to see continued pressure on those discounts in the Mid-Continent. One thing that's interesting, Jeff, that we saw is that Cushing tank capacity is coming on stream big time. We used to use 40 million barrels as a number of tank capacity, it's up to 62 million now and in the next 6 months, we're going to add 13 million barrels which is going to take it up to 75 million barrels a storage. So clearly, the market is getting ready for a lot more of this Mid-Continent crude to be available and to be stored.
Joseph Gorder: We are. We're running now some pair of extra lights in the Gulf. We're also going to be bringing in more Kuwaiti barrels. The Kuwaitis have lifted their imposed reduction of contract volumes. We were operating for a period there where we had a 10% reduction in our contract volume. They notified us that they were taking that off and that we were able to take more barrels. I do think we're going to see a lot more medium-sour barrels coming into the market.
Joseph Gorder: I understand that Saudis are going up to 10 million barrels a day of production. So that would be, what, another -- not entirely to the Gulf, but they're going to put that in the market. Jeff, I don't know how much you'll see.
Joseph Gorder: Evan, this is Joe. If you think about heavy-sour in general, okay, we've got a discount right now, Maya related to LLS that's around $14-a-barrel, which is a decent discount. The SPR release certainly depressed LLS briefly which compressed that Maya discount, but now it's moved back out. But if you look more broader than just Maya, you've got a market right now that sees Pemex production stabilizing at $1.4 million of exports a day, somewhere in that range. You got Columbia increasing their heavy-sour production by 140,000 barrels per day. They're up to 870 barrels now, which is significant increase over year. You've got Brazil increasing their production by about 150,000 barrels per day. We're seeing a lot more Basra in the market today. As we mentioned earlier, we've got the Saudis putting more barrels into the market, as are the Kuwaitis and then ultimately we're going to have Keystone come on and it's going to allow us to move more of these Canadian barrels into the market. On the medium-sour side, you've had somewhat reduced production in the U.S. Gulf Coast because there's been some maintenance been taking place on the Mars platform. And of course we had the spill which delayed subsequent drilling, but that will pick back up here at some point in time. So when we look at the market for sour crudes, both heavy- and medium-sours, we're pretty optimistic about these discounts.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Clearly, the biggest part of the formula is that. The K factor is what the Mexicans use to try to keep the market, the oil price at what would be a market. And certainly, when you get heavy-sour Canadian crude coming into the Gulf, it's going to put -- anytime you get more supply, you're going to have pressure on these discounts. And so we expect that that's probably going to happen. They have been very good, they're very capable, they've been very good at trying to keep the Maya price somewhat similar to a medium-sour crude alternative. And we expect they're going to try to continue to do that in the future. But again, if you have more crude supply into the market, it shouldn't pressure those discounts.
Joseph Gorder: Well, I mean, we certainly can run the crude and we were able to pick it up and a $5.11 discount on average to LLS. And so it's a simple math. You do the $7 million barrels times the $5 and we've had huge benefit for bringing it in.
Douglas Leggate: The project is obviously kicking in next year, if I could just ask you to give us a quick update. I guess this year, we were looking at the 2 FCC revamps. Could they get completed on time, in which case should we expect some improvement, I guess, on the cost lane for the balance of this year? And related, can you just clarify whether or not you will benefit from any tax credits related to the accelerated depreciation of your capital? I guess it's up some fairly substantial numbers. In which case, would you accrue more taxes in 2012? And I have a follow-up, please.
Douglas Leggate: So your tax guidance for 2012 and you will start accruing that on January 1? In which case, can you give us an idea what you expect the impact to be in terms of percentage on the typical tax guidance that you guys have.
Douglas Leggate: Bill, my follow-up is really a broader kind of strategic question. You guys have got a feel-good type record of when you buy one asset, you tend to sell another kind of, I guess overall high-grade portfolio. But Pembroke kicking up here and I guess with your exit from more or less from the East Coast, at least for the lower 48, how are you feeling about the broader portfolio? And I guess specifically, I would ask how you're feeling about the West Coast as a core part of the portfolio on a go forward basis? And then I'll leave it at that.
Lane Riggs: Okay. This is Lane, our SEC grade job was completed pretty much on time and on budget. It's performing quite well. We're still sort of trying to optimize it, but we've already seen a significant improvement in operations. This is on the St. Charles. In the Memphis SEC, we have the oxygen supply and so we are -- those 2 projects are complete. So we should, on a go forward basis, we should certainly see an improvement in our sort of earnings ability with both of those 2 projects.
Lane Riggs: I just -- during the turnaround, we're going to hang some valve on the top circulating reflux of the pump ground to be able to handle it. It's a lighter crude and so it will allow us to once we get up around 60, we're still trying to determine, but we think we'll build around even more than that but essentially, we're hanging the valve and having the exchanger will allow us to do that after the turnaround.
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane Riggs. We have 2 crude units there. We have our West plant crude unit which can run about 40,000 barrels a day, so that would be pretty much -- you're able to run about 40 a day of Eagle Ford from all those economic. And then our other plants is our East plant. And it's predominantly medium-sour, heavy-sour. But at the end of the day, it's all about economics. We can run Eagle Ford in that crude units, it's just a matter of it being available and the economics are right. So that's about 100,000 barrel a day, so we can run quite a bit.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. We can -- we will see. Ultimately, we may think we can run up to 80,000 barrels a day. It's just a matter of whether it's filled out parts of the refinery properly. But you're right, the Harvest Pipeline will be there. We've put in a big truck rack. We will not be logistically limited on Eagle Ford availed in the refinery. It will all be about the economics of Eagle Ford in refinery which today, we would run as much of it as we could.
S. Edwards: Yes, this is Gene Edwards. The refineries are running fine today. There really has been a big impact on operations because of this and there's going to be some possibly rebuilding the tanks. But this occurred on the teller's watch and they're taking care of these expenses.
S. Edwards: I think the forward curve -- Jeff, this is Jean again. Forward curve looks pretty similar to our forecast. Although rig prices are obviously very high right now, so there is some concern on that. But if you look at the 211 to Brent today from $13 a barrel, it's really not at all that bad. So I think -- we haven't really redone our economics since we did the acquisition, but I think it looks more or less in line.
S. Edwards: Yes, it's Gene again. I'm not sure when it's going to get repealed. The senate was talking about July 31; said that's going to happen, but maybe it'll happen at the end of the year. We're watching it, but in reality it doesn't really have much impact on us right now. The blenders' credit is really being captured by the blender, not the ethanol producer. Just to use an example, ethanol today is right around $3 a gallon, CBOB and RBOB in New York are both $3.05, $3.10 a gallon, so there's margin to blend even if you don't have the $0.45 credit. So in fact, as the blenders who patron it, we capture a little bit of it at our retail. And our wholesale is passed on to the wholesale customers. At Retail, from our analysis, like it's more or less competed away when we have good ethanol blending margins, our overall margin at Retail doesn't seem to be affected much by that blenders' credit. So I think it's competed away the business, whether it be wholesale or retail. So net effect to Valero really is pretty much nothing.
