John Locke: Thank you, Hilda. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions about the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Joe for an update on company operations and strategy.
John Locke: Roger, our performance, when we give guidance is based on what we plan, we plan conservatively. If the market provides opportunities and we're constantly seeking opportunity, as crude prices or as product prices change, we try to optimize. And if we have the opportunity to go after extra barrels, we'll do it, and that's kind of what you've seen in the last, beside what you talked about here.
John Locke: We haven't seen any change in drop down multiples of the deals that have been occurring here recently. So they're still at roughly 12% pre-tax for VLP.
Joseph Gorder: Well, thanks very much, John, and good morning, everyone. Well, as John will cover in more detail momentarily, we did have a great fourth quarter and a great year. What I'd like to do is spend a few minutes discussing our key strategies and highlight a few of our accomplishments in the quarter. As you have seen from our recent disclosure, our strategies are focused on operations excellence, returning capital to stockholders, maintaining disciplined capital investments and unlocking asset value. Operations excellence continues to be important to us. Our team understands that reliability drive safe and profitable operations, so we are relentlessly committed here. An example of this can be seen in our Meraux refinery, where we completed our reliability improvement program and the hydrocracker revamp project. We expect the investments we've made here to improve the refinery for liability and performance. Disciplined capital allocation is another key focus for us. Last week, we increased our regular cash quarterly dividend by 45% to $0.40 per share or $1.60 annualized. This increase demonstrates our belief in Valero's earnings power and our commitment to returning cash to stockholders. Regarding capital investments, we completed our 2014 capital program under budget, as noted in the release. This resulted from the rigor and discipline that Lane and his team applied to spending throughout Valero's gated project management process. We're committed to applying the same rigor to future investments. The majority of our growth investments for 2015 and 2016 are allocated to logistics, and to increasing our capability to access and process advantage crude oil for our flexible refining system. We expect the majority of the logistics investments to be eligible for future drops to Valero Energy Partners, which is our sponsored master limited partnership. On the topic of VLP, we're committed to its growth and unlocking value. As we noted in the release, we're targeting approximately $1 billion of drops into VLP in 2015. At that level of growth, we also expect VLP's distribution to exceed the 50% tier for our general partner and incentive distribution rights by the end of this year. We're continuing to evaluate and structure new potential earning streams that can be dropped to VLP, and those represent incremental growth opportunities. We understand the MLP landscape has changed since our IPO, and we're committed unlocking value. In summary, we're focused on operational excellence, disciplined capital allocation and value creation. Our team remains committed to high performance and achievement. And with that, John, I'll go ahead and turn it over to you to cover the results.
Joseph Gorder: As far as our consideration of the dividend versus buybacks, when we did the analysis and looked at where our dividend was relative to the peer group, we felt that we were a little bit low. And so this type of move was something to get us more aligned with the other guys. It is also something that we view as being non-discretionary when we look at our use of cash going forward. The share repurchases, we are committed to trying to achieve a metric that we defined internally, and we're going to continue to pursue that as Mike said, but that will be more flexible for us than the dividend, which we consider to be, as I mentioned, non-discretionary.
Joseph Gorder: Well, I figured that you'd probably ask a question like this. And really the target we've set is the one we've stated, it's to exceed the previous year. Now, as I mentioned previously, internally we've got a target that would be higher than that. But I am not prepared right now to give you a fixed percentage for the overall payout ratio. I just think we need to see how the year evolves. Look at the dynamic nature of the market that we are dealing with today. Are we're seeing crude go from a $100 late last year to $50 this year. And so for me to give you a committed number right now is something that's probably just wouldn't be prudent to do. So I think for now, if I were you, I would just assume that we're going to exceed the 50% target and go with that.
Joseph Gorder: That's a fine question. Gary Simmons is so very close to this, let us let him go ahead and comment on it.
Joseph Gorder: Paul, I'd tell you, we'll let Garry speak to this, but just as member of management for last several years, I'd like first to take credit for all of it. That being said, Garry, you want to give your view.
Joseph Gorder: In the recent analyst presentations we've put together, we have included a lot of information on the economics associated with the projects. And the hydrocrackers are the one that we tend to focus on. I think what you can expect is that we'll continue to disclose this information as we go forward. And we obviously believe when the capital that's been invested over the last several years, it's had a significant effect, not only in, for example, the hydrocracker projects in driving the capture rates relative to more distillate production, but the increase in the reliability in our system and so on, it's all beneficial. We haven't tried to pin down specifically what's related to what, but I think we can all see it in the results.
Joseph Gorder: This drop, as you mentioned, is really much larger than we have previously planned. But we have quite a portfolio of logistics assets, which we've mentioned and obviously this level of drop is based on the EBITDA that we have in the system will allow us to sustain this level of drops for some years to come. It's our intention to continue to drop at a pace that makes sense for Valero and for VLP. As you know, we continue to invest in logistics projects to support the refining operations, and then Mike Ciskowski and his team are evaluating additional sources of qualifying EBITDA, so to get from the fuels distribution business. So when we look at our portfolio today, we believe that this is sustainable for some period of time. If you look at VLP specifically, we stated in our plans were to increase the distribution 20% to 25% a year. And based on this particular drop, I think that you can expect that we're certainly going to be at the high range of that for this year and it looks like it's very sustainable going forward.
Joseph Gorder: That's fine. Well, because it's a multi-part question, we'll let Rich and Martin Parrish answer it. Obviously, Rich is the President of the VLP, and Martin runs the ethanol business, the renewable business. So why don't we let those two guys speak to this, and see if we can get you some color here.
Joseph Gorder: We can sure do that. I mean obviously in this case the bulk of this is logistics assets. The number that we're scoring doesn't include anything that will be associated with the fuels marketing business.
Joseph Gorder: Well, that's the fact, and then I would tell you that the fact that we've invested capital in the business, the way we've invested it over the last several years in our commitment to continuing to maintain the high levels of our reliability and safety within our refining system, is going to contribute to this. I think what you're beginning to see here is a realization of the value of the investments that have been made. And then the capabilities of this management team to execute to optimize the slates in, the movement of products out, and then the day-to-day operation to the refineries.
Joseph Gorder: I mean you kind of preface the question by the fact that we work and answer it. So we appreciate you doing that. I mean, both refineries are performing well. And obviously, our Canadian operation, it's a very strong operation, but beyond that I don't think we want to try to get into that detail.
Joseph Gorder: Well, I mean our wholesale business really consist of I would say several different types of businesses. We've got the branded wholesale business. We've got the unbranded contract business. We've got our national accounts business. And then we've got spot wholesale business. And all of that is volume that's moved across the rack. Ed, we don't have a problem talking about it, but quite honestly the income associated with the wholesale business is embedded right now in the way we report our refinery operations. And the volume and the margins on the wholesale business are so much smaller than we would have, if you look at the refining margin, it's just doesn't makes sense to break it out before. And it also tends to vary so much. So I would tell you, if you want we can talk about this a little bit offline, but I don't think it's going to have a material impact to your forecasting going forward.
Joseph Gorder: Sure. I understand, but I would tell you that maybe it was a good quarter for wholesale, but it wasn't something that material affected the numbers that we reported.
Joseph Gorder: I don't see any thing where I would tell you that we'll have any constraints on being able to produce the gasoline for the summer time market.
Joseph Gorder: That's a good question. I mean we maintain our position that we're totally supportive of free and open markets. If the crude export ban were lifted, we believe that Congress is going to address this and needs to address it, and the other issues associated with this as well such as the Jones Act, cross-border pipelines in the RFS, that's been our position and I think that we continue to believe that. It's hard to pick one particular issue and focus attention on that without looking at the overall energy policy that we have here in the U.S. in aggregate. So we talked to our government relations guys all the time. We know that there is a lot of conversation taking place around crude oil exports, but we're not seeing it being promoted in any kind of material way at this point in time. Now, if you go to the practical side of this, we are still importers of crude in the United States. We import significant volumes, probably still 4.5 millions barrels per day, and that's not from Canada. There is additional volumes that are coming from Canada. So you've got crude that's being brought into the country. You've got at market right now that is putting downward pressure on crude prices, and you ultimately will get to who's got the lowest cost to produce to determine who is going to be continuing to produce and provide the supply. So I, honestly, am not sure where you would see domestically produced crude being exported today as it's trying to find its way through refining capacity globally. So issues flare up and then they tend to calm down a little bit. This one is still getting some conversations, but I don't think our perspective has changed from what we've talked about historically.
Joseph Gorder: So I don't think we've talked about our line commitment is. What we've said is when Line 9 comes up, we'll be able to completely supply the Quebec refinery with North American domestic barrels. In terms of the quality of crude, we would expect to ship. About 50% of the volume we ship would be a synthetic-type barrel and the other mix of other Canadian light sweet Bakken.
Joseph Gorder: So what we would say is with the change in diet, the crudes that we anticipate getting off Line 9 tend to be a higher distillate yield crude. And so we do show that they have a margin advantage as long as distillate is over gasoline compared to some of the West African grades that we run today, which tend to be a higher gasoline yield crude.
Joseph Gorder: Thank you, Hilda. We appreciate everyone calling in and those listening today. If you have additional questions please contact our IR department. Thank you very much.
Michael Ciskowski: The blender's tax credit, that was passed into the law in December for 2014, so it was available to us last year. At this point it's not hatch for 2015, so we would not have that in our earnings going forward.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes. We're working really to returning more of our cash to our stockholders based on our analysis of the market data and capital allocation scenarios. We are still interested in higher return projects, but our capital is down, projected as we disclosed, so we thought it was appropriate to increase the dividend at that level. So we're going to be looking at exceeding our payout ratio going forward in 2015 on what we've had the last couple of years.
Michael Ciskowski: I mean we really don't have a minimum cash balance identified, but when you look at our operations, I think, we are comfortable in the range of around $2 billion. End of Q&A
Gary Simmons: Yes. I would say, in the Gulf Coast margin capture is largely attributable to great performance from the hydrocrackers in terms of refinery operation. And then we also begin to see some good advantages on running some of the South American heavy sour crude again in our Gulf Coast system in fourth quarter.
Gary Simmons: We definitely see some benefits in terms of capture rate and a lower flat price. It's mainly the other products that we produce, the sulfur and coke, LPG, those types of things. Now, when the flat price is lower we tend to have higher capture rate, because those products tend to be a little sticky with crude.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I guess to answer the question on our crude diet, we tend to buy crude out quite a ways. So probably the first month you start seeing a significant change in our crude diet would be large. And we have started to move in the direction that exactly what you talked about as several of our Gulf Coast refiners were backing down on some of the light domestic type crude and starting to run a higher percentage of medium sour crudes and heavy sour crudes, those have been more economic for us to process in the Gulf.
Gary Simmons: Yes. In the fourth quarter we did 139,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports. On the distillate side, ULSD, we did 280,000 barrels a day. In addition to the ULSD, we also exported kerosene and jet, and if you included that total distillates would be 255,000 barrels a day. In terms of the current market, I would tell you we're starting to see some incentive to export gasoline again, especially to Latin America and to Canada. Most of the distillate are through strength in the Gulf, there is not a lot of incentives to do much distillate export in the current market.
Gary Simmons: So overall, I think we see that the crude market will continue to be in a oversupplied position for foreseeable future. I think the fact that the Saudis have signaled that they are going to continue to put medium sour barrels on the market will mean that our medium sour differential should remain supportive. The combination of that with additional Canadian heavy into the Gulf, we believe it will give us good heavy sour differentials as well. So both of those things we think are very supportive in terms of our Valero's performance moving forward. When you turn to the refined product side, I think it's a little unclear at this stage to see exactly what will happen with refinery margins. However, we think that the fall off in flat price, we should see a positive demand response, and you have been able to see that in the past few weeks from the DOE stats. And so as demand increases, that should also be supportive of refining margins.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I will tell you, Paul, probably you have to look at this regionally. And when you look to the Mid-Continent, some of our improvement capture rate has just been due to the fact that the Midland market has been very disconnected from the Cushing market over the past couple of years and the wider Midland spreads. We're running a lot of Midland barrels to Ardmore and McKee, it certainly helped our capture rates there. Same thing in the North Atlantic Basin. I would say a lot of that is market driven. Especially as we transition Quebec from a foreign crude diet to a North American light sweet crude diet. We saw a significant increase in our capture rate there. However, in the Gulf, I would say that the improvement in capture rate is primarily just the fact that we're seeing a lot better yield and the operational improvements we've made in our Gulf Coast at this time.
Gary Simmons: I think you hit exactly on it. We saw the New York harbor market get very strong. The colonial pipeline is always full, so that means the barrel is flowing in there to set the price, it's either a barrel from the U.S. Gulf Coast on Jones Act ship or a barrel from Western Europe, and so to incentivize imports and incentivize the flow off with Jones Act ship from the Gulf, the harbor market had to strengthen.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we're still waiting for the final numbers for '14 and the numbers for '15 to come out from the EPA. We're hopeful we'll have something by the end of March, that's kind of what we're hearing and as you pointed too. Until those numbers are set, we see the red market as being very volatile. And so we're hopeful, we'll get some direction here pretty soon from EPA.
Gary Simmons: Really the contango market structure is yet a good indication that the crude market is over supplied. And so as a buyer of crude, Valero benefits from the competition from producers to gain market share. So we think this is supported for us for at least the next couple of years.
Gary Simmons: So I think definitely when you look at the economics of what you can get tankage in Cushing, those economics are supportive of putting oil in tankage and storing it there. I think we'll continue to see Cushing builds. I read something this morning. They expect Cushing to continue to build about 1.5 million barrels a week until through April. In terms of us, particularly we do some of that. We don't do a lot of it. When we choose to put barrels in storage and take advantage of contango, it's also for other reasons. So we may see an opportunistic barrel that we think has a good discount. We might not be able to fit it into our systems. So then we'll go ahead and put those in tankage in Aruba and take advantage of the contango, and also what looks to be an opportunistic purchase for us.
Gary Simmons: So I would say, definitely over the last few weeks, whatever Brent TI was, we wouldn't be incentivized there to move crude-by-rail from Benicia. But we're starting to see that arc widen back out, and our view is that we'll see a wider Brent-TI than what we've seen over the last few weeks, and that we believe that we'll have an economic incentive to move the crude to Benicia.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I would say the team has driven the Brent TI wide, as if you look at the DOE stats over the last two weeks, we had two very large crude bills. So it kind of starts to tell you that as the Saudi start forcing more medium sour barrels into the market, it displays that some of this like light sweetening will begin to light sweet. And as inventory is build then it means we need to wider for EIR in order to start the incentiving refineries to take that light barrel back into the market. So I think that's what's happened. I do think it will get wider to the point where we are incentivized to go back to light sweet. And I would tell you that I would expect that the Brent TI could be a little bit wider and part of that is also due to the fact that we're building all this inventory in Cushing, and so maybe the Brent TI is a little bit wider than the LLS to Brent Spread.
Lane Riggs: So as you mentioned we're booking them for deliberate gated process, really what we look for are the projects that will enter our gated systems. We don't even look at them unless they have sort of 50% IRR as to gate one. And then also we right now have a tendency to be a little bit more focused towards the stock optimization, and not as nearly as large as maybe some of the projects that we did started in the past.
Lane Riggs: So the guidance really, as a function, that we have some turnaround activity that's going to occur here late in the first quarter, so our volumes are a little bit lower. And then, I would also say, that the outlook is pretty consistent in terms of our natural gas price from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, so that's sort of the reasons we have the guidance where it is.
Lane Riggs: Roger, so I would tell you that we have definitely -- since the flat prices have fallen off, we see greater demand for refined products on gasoline and liquid side. That's some of the reason why the Gulf has been supported. And when the Gulf has supported then we might not see quite the incentive to export, if we do. I would tell you we're still sending distillate to South America, so we still see good export demand, not necessarily quite the demand in Europe. And some of the reason for that is that just they've had mild weather in Europe, and to distillate demand has moved down there.
Lane Riggs: So we are still working with the city to try to address all the comments that came out. We have only submitted EIR for review, and we're in the process with their folks to continue to push this forward. We're still pretty optimistic we'll get the permit. Timing at this point is a little bit difficult for us to project. I'd say some time early next year would be when we would actually get started putting the crude-by-rail project in place. And I'll let Gary speak to the economics of crude-by-rail right now.
Lane Riggs: Literally, that will mean that we'll slow that spend down versus the budget, but we are least succeeded right now.
Lane Riggs: Well, what I would do is refer you to our investment on our slides, we have sensitivity. So again, if you're right, the $500 million of EBITDA is based on 2014 prices. In the neighboring next phase right there, we have this whole set of sensitivity from drivers that affect the economics of that project.
Lane Riggs: The only project that we're working on really besides our ongoing optimization efforts, and maybe a real small thing is the crude-by-rail. We believe in the optionality available for us crude from the Mid-Continent ultimately, and because our views, the West Coast is a very challenging environment. We are very careful and very disciplined in how we approach capital into the West Coast versus all our opportunities we have elsewhere in our operations.
Lane Riggs: We have a pretty good slide in our IR presentation on how the hydrocracker performed and sensitivities around it. We have sort of basic set of economics on the 2014 price stat. With that said, yes, oil price have fallen and the distillate crack is where it is, but natural gas prices have fallen as well. But I think when you look at it, when you look at these drivers, you just need to take all that in consideration. Today, we still have very good margins on the hydrocrackers.
Lane Riggs: Yes. We did see a benefit on the wholesale side. The rack prices tend to lag a little bit. And so we had very good rack margins through the fourth quarter.
Richard Lashway: So on the rail cars just to kind of break that down a little bit. So obviously they are qualifying to dropdown to VLP. We've created a company to hold these cars and our intent is to drop these cars down and trying to over time. But if you look at the cars that we have, there is a general purpose and they're coiled and insulated cars. The coiled and insulated cars, obviously, fit well into the ethanol business and coiled and insulated would fit into the asphalt and crude and fuel oil business. But our intent would be to drop these down over time in tranches.
Richard Lashway: So if you kind of break down broadly the $900 million of EBITDA. So when we were out on the road a year ago, we talked about our retained assets. It's not about $620 million EBITDA and pride upstairs at the parent level. And from '13 and '14 we've got about $140 million [indiscernible] billion capital spending, which is mostly complete. So that would generate roughly another $140 million of EBITDA. So that kind of gives you to an 800 number. And then in '14 we've got another $400 million of capital spending, which generates another $40 million in '16 and '17. We got large spending on our, what we've talked about in the past, the diamond pipeline and some other pipeline projects. So kind of through '17 the capital spending will get you to about $900 million of EBITDA.
Richard Lashway: So I would tell you today that barrels that we're bringing to Port Arthur with today's economics would be breakeven versus on my alternative with where the market is today.
Martin Parrish: We have about 3,000 cars in ethanol service, the general purpose cars, as Rich said. As those leases expire, we'll take those off and use the VLP cars. As you know, rail is the primary transport for ethanol, we expect these cars will be highly utilized in a good fit for VLP. 
Martin Parrish: It's difficult to get into a lot of detail. But we continue to see that if you look at an LOS related market, in terms of the eastern Gulf, the Houston market is discounted a couple of dollars below that. And then you move further west and you get into the Corpus Christi area market. And again, we see another $2 of discount off LOS for an Eagle Ford type barrel. The same thing if you move up into the Mid-Continent, the discounts get deeper as you move up on the light sweet side. On the heavy sour side, definitely we're seeing some incentive to run a lot of the South American barrels. The biggest switch without going into a lot of details on discounts, as the Canadian differentials came in, we started to see an advantage to switch to more Brazilian grades and less Canadian grades, and that's an optimization we do everyday.
Martin Parrish: Ethanol margins are likely to remain low in the $50 crude environment. And we don't know how long crude is going to stay at these prices obviously. What we do know is we have the best assets in the ethanol industry in the U.S. and we're in an advantaged location and we know we're not marginal producer. So we expect to weather this time.
