Joe Gorder: Well thanks, John and good morning everyone. As John will cover in more detail shortly, we reported record first quarter earnings per share. With great performance in a favorable margin environment we demonstrated Valero's earnings power in a heavy maintenance period. The one thing that I'd like to reaffirm with you before we proceed is that our team remains focused on executing our strategies to improve our valuation through operations excellence, optimizing our business through disciplined capital allocation and unlocking asset value. With that John I'll hand it back over to you.
Joe Gorder: No, and this is Joe. And we're very comfortable with the $1 billion pace this year and so that would imply that we're going execute another drop sometime in the second half of the year, probably later in the second half of the year. But what our real focus is, is on the distribution increase and we're committed to growing into that 25% plus this year for the next couple of years. So we're very comfortable with the pace we've got right now.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, well Paul we've said this before that on the west coast we have very good assets and we have very good management teams operating those assets. And frankly we view our portfolio on the west coast as an option when the margins are strong on the west coast. And certainly we're experiencing that today and we had a very good first quarter. If you don't mind Paul what I'll do is let Lane just speak to our capital approach to the west coast.
Joe Gorder: This is Joe, the one thing I would add to Gary’s point, which are all correct is that the Pembroke asset is a very good asset and what we acquired when we bought that refinery was an integrated system. So when you think about merchant refining in Europe you really shouldn’t think about Pembroke in that regard. The distillate barrels that we produce are moved in inland and certainly a significant volume of the gasoline moves inland. So it is a little bit difference set-up than some might be experiencing.
Joe Gorder: I would say we are not that concerned about the distillate cracks in our system. I think there is a couple of things, the U.S. market has been so strong we still see good export demand. However, we have been somewhat priced out of the market because our market has been so strong. So I think we think moving forward we will see a combination of a better demand domestically and we will see that our export volumes will pick-up again as the U.S. market falls off a little bit.
Joe Gorder: It is our gasoline was down a little bit at 94,000 barrels a day. The reason for that was really just because of the strength in the U.S. market. You know again this is an optimization for us and we would kind of say the way we optimize that it is more demand push rather than supply push and the export markets really weren’t strong in on gasoline to pull the barrels away from goal. Our distillate volume were fairly flat about 205,000 barrels a day ULSD. If you look at the ULSD plus kerosene we were up, 255,000 [ph] barrels a day, so fairly consistent there. The change we saw for a lot of the first quarter in Europe was in open, so we are usually 64 between Latin America and Europe 70% of our volume actually went to Latin America and we did see that for the Europe that we predict foreseeing.
Joe Gorder: Jeff that's a good question. I mean very clearly we are fuels manufacturing company. And certainly that involves refining it also involves our renewable fuels business. So that is it is such a significant part of the portfolio today to see any significant shift from that it just really - is not in the cards now. To answer your question on the mid-stream business. I do think we're going to see our midstream business expands significantly over the next several years. And as we've said our strategy in mid-stream is really to develop projects and acquire assets that are supportive of Valero's core businesses and I think if you look at the investments that we've made to date it would certainly support that. That being said the refining portfolio is large enough and the renewables portfolio is large enough that it provides plenty of opportunity for growth within that midstream business. I don't think you should expect us though to be looking upstream from where we are today in any material way or significantly downstream from where we are today. Although opportunities present themselves and you look at it but certainly that's not part of our plan today.
Joe Gorder: Well I think we're probably hearing the same thing that you're hearing and we know that there is activity in the house and decided to bring the issue forward. But certainly the administration does doesn’t seem at all receptive to this. Anyhow just to be clear on our position we believe in free and open market. As we talked about many times there’s currently legislation and regulation in place that hinders the petroleum markets from being free and open and these for the included things like the crude export ban, RFS, the Jones and others. So we believe that looking at a specific issue relative to that overall issue is just not the right way to deal with this topic and you need to deal with all of the issues. One thing about Valero is that we’ve continued to invest and we’re running significant quantities of domestic crude today and we continue to invest to enable us to run more of this crude. So we’re doing what we can to process it as are many other refiners. And then really the last point on this is when you look at the general need for crude exports the U.S. remains a net importer of crude oil with about 7 million barrels per day coming in we certainly export much lower volumes than that. So the question becomes do you really need the export and I think that’s the question on everybody’s mind.
Joe Gorder: Yes, the interest rates were well and pretty much where we expect for that offering coming at. I mean the funds will be used for general corporate purposes including the refinancing of our current maturities. I do not think that the issuance of that debt will increase any gated capital project or anything like that. It was just an opportunity to issue debt at low rate.
Joe Gorder: I don’t really know what link come in the only thing I can think we are definitely signaling higher runs of light sweet crude which can have a late leverage at some of our heavy sour refiners but I don’t know of anything else that would signal significantly different throughputs.
Joe Gorder: Well I would definitely say that you know when you get out into the products other than gasoline [indiscernible] PATCO, LPG a lower slot price environment tend to have these products trade closer to group value and it helps track realization and as crude moves up and the reserve will also be true.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, Paul so generally what would be happening in the transition for the first to second quarter you go through our VP [ph] transition on the gasoline and decrease ethane blending which drive down our crack repayment. You’re correct that as we have lighter turnaround main region in the Gulf it should offset some of that where we come out I don’t know but I’ve to look at it.
Michael Ciskowski: Evan this is Mike. I do not have a precise number I can give you but what I can give you is that in our debt to cap ratio guidance, we reduced our debt by $2 billion [ph]. From there we would like to keep some cushion in our cash balance given the volatility of our business. And then we look at the future capital and working capital requirement and then the payout of greater than 50% that we’ve already committed to you guys. But I would like to point out that excluding the debt issue that we had in the first quarter we actually had a decrease in cash about $300 million.
Michael Ciskowski: Yeah, I mean I would just to add further, we had committed to the greater than 50% payout. As we move through the year and if burning some cash flow continue positive where they are we will assess this and consider increasing that payout number. Go ahead.
Michael Ciskowski: Well, I don't really have guidance for you on like a minimum cash balance but you can start with the $2 billion that we use in our debt calculation. And then we would like to keep some cushion in that given the volatility of our business.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, I will give you little update on that you know we are still waiting for regulatory approval on land from the National Energy Board in Canada. We don’t know the timeline on that. We feel like there is a good chance the NEB could approve that by mid-May. With a mid-May approval that would mean we really won’t see any impact from line 9 in the second quarter. But we are optimistic we will start to receive oil in the third quarter, gives us a lot more flexibility in Quebec to be able to have the access to those Western Canadian and Bakken grades and not just relay on rail and U.S. Gulf Coast sourced barrels.
Michael Ciskowski: Yeah, Ryan this is Mike again. You know we are still evaluating that in the appropriate structure that we would consider to drop in the MLP. So I do not have a number that I can give to you on this call.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, I think we are - the cracks continue to be strong and we continue to see good discounts on the crude. The big change probably has been in the crude market, some of the discounts could commence and we're run the lot more light sweet crude in our system today than what we did in the first quarter. But again I think we're seeing good demands both in the export markets and domestic demands. And so feel very encouraged about the profitability moving forward.
Michael Ciskowski: I think in terms of throughput probably be the biggest thing. And change as we see a pretty good rate level on some of our plants depending on if we're maximizing heavy sour versus light sweet especially like at $4 Jeff. It can change our throughput significantly when we start maximizing light sweet over heavy sour. I would say that was the only thing I can speak.
Michael Ciskowski: I think there has been a couple of events that are kind a driving the crude differentials. First, the medium seller market in the Gulf due to the market structure a lot of people were pulling their barrels off the market trying to hold them in collective role. So it kind of tightened up the medium sours. Now the storage is getting full. You also have some turnaround maintenance going on to the Deepwater pipe ones in the Gulf that's kind of also tightening the market a little bit. And then the heavy sour side in the Myer [ph] of course you had the buyer on the platform in Mexico which has also disrupted production there. So as my view is that these crudes as they compete with the light sweet we'll see the differentials come back as we move in the second quarter.
Michael Ciskowski: Phil, this is Mike. I think at this point in VLP stage they've probably would prefer to do the drops and get a little bit more sizable before they start taking on third party acquisitions. As you know the drops come with the minimum volume commitments they you may not all even get in the third party deal, depending on the deal so given their size I would say the drops are the more likely have that they will go.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Evan this is Gary, I think definitely we’ve been in a good credit spread environment. I would say early in the year it was probably driven from, we had some heavy turnaround maintenance, we find return on maintenance and that type of activity. Also I think the U.S.W Union negotiation came into the play then supported the credit spread. That’s kind of behind it now and I think really the market is being driven up by demand. We’ve seen some pretty encouraging numbers thus far. We expect that, that trend will continue but I think it’s a little too early to tell what’s the magnitude of the demand response will be to the credit price.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, this is Gary again. I think the LOS to Brent spread has been a little bit narrow than what we would expect. I think ultimately the Gulf Coast Sweet market has the price at the level that allows the East Coast refiners to be able to receive domestic light sweet crude by [indiscernible]. So that kind is healthy overtime that LOS should be around $2 discount to Brent as long as the standard transportation differentials are going to hold. I think on what you’re seeing today is the Houston market is bottlenecked with logistics getting the paid gains [ph] and so we’re seeing Houston trade at much wider discounts to St. James than where it had been and so that’s going ahead, [indiscernible] that economics to hold but they’re right kind of breakeven and I would expect LOS to come off.
Gary Simmons: I feel very good. Like you said we actually in the first quarter ran more South American crudes than what we've historically run. The Saudi are committed to the U.S. market. So I don't know that we'll go back to levels of imports that we saw three years ago. But I definitely think that volumes into the US Gulf will be up from what we saw last year. We're seen a lot more heavy Canadian than historical. So overall the Gulf Coast seems well supplied with all grades crudes.
Gary Simmons: Well, I think there is a number of reasons for what we have seen in the first quarter and I think some of it is sustainable, you know obviously we had strong turnaround maintenance in that area as well, colder weather helped - always helped with demand but I think you are seeing good demand response in a lower crack price which is certainly constructive moving forward. I think the other thing that is happening the U.S. dollar strength versus the Europe it helped us with our operating costs, it is and - Pembroke as well. So I think there is a lot of encouraging signs on it.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so Doug I would tell that primarily what we see from Kuwait is really not light sweet is more medium sour barrels and I would tell you that we have had many discussions with them and they seem interested on maintaining or actually growing market share in the U.S. on that grades of crude and the light sweet what we see happened is with all this volatility in the Brent TI moving in and out when the order comes in very narrow then we start to see incentives to import light sweet. In the first quarter we definitely saw that and as I’ve discussed in the past the first place we generally see is at Kuwait and there were certainly times during the first quarter where the Brent TI got narrow and that incentivized to step back in and buy Brent related West African type crudes.
Gary Simmons: No, I agree. I think overall even if the export ban is lifted we would continue to have a location advantage running the domestic crudes. We continue to have significant operating costs advantage with the cheap natural gas. And then we're very happy with our portfolio of refining assets that are very complex very efficient refineries.
Gary Simmons: No, I don't think so I think overall the crude have to continue it compete or stays in refineries and so we're going to be the beneficiary in that.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, I guess I will start with that. I think we just still feel like our traditional exports markets are there for us as long as it is economic for us to supply those markets and we have seen a move back to where we are Europe it is open you know it basically is just looking at the differences in the two markets, freight and then we are also taking to effect the RINS. And so the higher RINS prices that we are seeing today helps incentivize exports basically to Europe. So you know freight generally were lower $2 you know to get a barrel to Europe and the RINS in the 71 that range that kind of give you the differential that’s needed to support exports.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul so we are exporting from the Gulf to Quebec in the first quarter little over a 70% of our diet was crude sourced from Canada and the US gulf and post Line 9 we would still anticipate that we would see some flow of oil from the U.S. Gulf Coast to Canada over the water.
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul it's Lane. We just continue to be very disciplined in our capital. We look for small opportunistic enterprise to improve margin capture but we in, terms of like any major capital program we - in the event that we spend much money we have better opportunities in our Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent. So I would say though one of the things you'll see in terms of our margin capture because we need to make so much gasoline you'll see our capture versus an index probably got better. The first quarter is really a story of on the west coast to the west coast gasoline fracs.
Lane Riggs: Hey Sam this is Lane so I'll just give a bit of an update. It's kind of where it's been. We anticipated our funding decisions here late in the second quarter. I'll just add any real consider this project going forward and our strategy we'd obviously more likely have a partner and we I would add that in terms of comment, that we're still on track to review this project here in the late second quarter.
Lane Riggs: No, right now our economic signals maximum throughput and Gary mentioned in the earlier answer there are obviously a rate thing that occurred in whether we were running light, medium or heavy sour crudes that obviously doesn’t impact on our overall throughput.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I want to say we are always vigilant on operating cost is our culture we work every day, every month, every hour, to make sure that we are busy maintaining our fixed and our structural operating it is into natural gas prices in the first quarter versus the fourth in last year throughputs were a little bit and so partially offset by that and we will absolutely maintain our focus volume and having lower operating cost.
Lane Riggs: No, we’re finished there, this is Lane by the way Paul, we finished that in the third quarter this year.
