Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Before we discuss quarterly results, I want to thank Joe Gorder for everything he's done to build upon Valero's 43-year history. Joe steered a repositioning of our strategy and the commitment to shareholder returns through capital discipline, innovation and strong execution. I'm grateful for his leadership and proud of what Valero has accomplished, and I'm honored to build on that foundation as we continue to advance our position as a leading manufacturer of liquid transportation fuels. Moving on to quarterly results. We are pleased to report solid financial results in the second quarter, underpinned by our strong execution across all of our business segments. Our refineries ran well with throughput capacity utilization of 94% as refinery margins were supported by continued tight product supply and demand balances. Product demand was strong with our US wholesale system setting a sales record of over one million barrels per day in May and June. We also had a positive contribution from the Port Arthur Coker project, which was started up in early April and is operating well and at full capacity. The new coker has increased the refinery's throughput capacity and enhance its ability to process incremental volumes of heavy crude and residual feedstocks. Our Renewable Diesel segment set records for operating income and sales volumes in the second quarter, driven by incremental production volumes from Diamond Green Diesel, Port Arthur. The Diamond Green Diesel sustainable aviation fuel project at Port Arthur is progressing on schedule. Plan is expected to have the ability to upgrade 50% of the current 470 million gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity through Sustainable Aviation Fuel or SAF, is expected to be complete in 2025 and have estimated a cost of $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. These projects expand our long-term competitive advantage, and I want to commend our projects and operations team for their dedication and execution. We also continue to evaluate other opportunities while maintaining capital discipline and honoring our commitment that all projects meet a minimum return threshold. On the financial side, we returned 53% of the adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the second quarter. And we ended the second quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 18%. Looking ahead, we expect low global light product inventories and tight product supply-and-demand balances to continue to support refining fundamentals. Global demand for transportation fuels has recovered substantially with gasoline and diesel demand now comparable to pre-pandemic levels and jet fuel demand continues to increase steadily. In closing, we remain committed to the core strategy that has been in place under Joe's leadership for nearly a decade. Our focus on operational excellence, capital discipline and honoring our commitment to shareholder returns have served us well and will continue to anchor our strategy going forward. So Homer, with that, I'll hand the call back to you.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So you can really expect us to continue to look to optimize and look at opportunities around our existing assets. We've been doing that. Some of them aren't big or flashy, but in cumulative, they'll have an effect on our overall performance, and we continue to gate those, just like we always have. And then in the other side of the business, our renewable side. We are looking at the potential to always the gain and develop innovative projects that are sort of in the transportation fuel space that leverage our operations excellence and our project execution capabilities.
Lane Riggs: Let me -- this is Lane. It's really driven by slightly higher outlook for natural gas in the third quarter than the second quarter.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. When you look at our history on our sustaining capital and some of these things, we were actually ahead of our competitors looking elective gas recovery and some of these other things. So with respect to regulatory capital, we're in good shape, and we're still willing to stick with our $1.5 billion of sustaining. On average, that doesn't mean it can ebb and flow really with turnaround timing.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Neil. So I mean, Joe and I really -- I worked with Joe on the strategy for the last nine years. Obviously, Jill and I go way back before that. So it's not like I've been a part of the current strategy that's been successful. I don't think you should expect us to deviate substantially from where we've been strategically in terms of my areas of focus. I think the first area of focus is just making sure everybody understands exactly that, right? We are -- we have a -- we've been very successful in our execution, maintaining our operations excellence our ability to execute squarely and be great executor of the projects. And I want to make sure that, that continues. And I want to make sure that we stay disciplined, we stay predictable and those are all the things that I think I need to make sure that's going on for the foreseeable future. And a that, I'm going to let Joe keep working in this innovative project space look for our opportunities to spend some of our strategic capital and in some of these opportunities that are around our assets, whether Diamond Green or SaaS or some of the other things that we obviously have done been ahead of everybody else, and we think we can continue to be that company.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I don't think there's any revisiting of our approach to capital really strong performance. And I'm sorry, with regard to like buybacks and dividend we're going to continue our same approach as well. As far as going above our long-term target of 40% to 50% return to shareholders. Historically, back before the pandemic, we had been at the high end or above our target range pretty regularly. And then last year, we got back to the 45% midpoint of our range, while at the same time getting our debt back down to prepayment levels and building cash. So we got ourselves back in the good posture that we were comfortable with. And we'd also said with that accomplished, we'd be at the midpoint or above going forward. In the second quarter, like you said, we were up above our 50% range. We had a 50% -- 53% payout. Year-to-date, we're at a 52% payout -- so this year, we've clearly trended above 50%. And going forward, as in the past, as I said back before COVID was an unusual circumstance for us we won't hesitate to pay out above the upper end of the range for the year, where we think that's the best use of our excess cash under the circumstances. And on the dividend, we continue to have the same approach to it. We want our dividend to be positioned, we want our yield to be positioned competitive versus our peers who wanted to be growing and sustainable through the cycle. So that continues to be our approach on the dividend. That's how we'll set it and then the buybacks will continue to serve as a flywheel to round out our return to get us to our targets.
Eric Fisher: Yes. Manav, this is Eric. Obviously, that is a possibility because those are cookie-cutter units, and we could do the exact same project at St. Charles that we are currently underway at Port Arthur. It's too early to talk about any numbers or commitment, but yes, that's definitely something we're looking at and something that we could do.
Eric Fisher: Yes, I think what I would say about SAF is the airlines are still in very much an educational phase of this. What they're still trying to wrestle with is I think there is a good understanding of it's going to come from RD. They're starting to understand the credit markets and how they work. But as you know, all of these SAF demands, a lot of them are voluntary from the carriers and as well as because it's voluntary, they've got options on, do they want to accept allocation, do they want to accept -- which model do they want to operate under, where in the world do they want to run these barrels? And I think the learning that everyone is working through right now is conventional jet is a fungible product. And so the SAF will naturally move into fungible markets, just like jet fuel does. But as airlines want the specific molecule at their particular location, particular airport, even at the airports, it then becomes a fungible product. So, all of that becomes a conversation of, okay, how do you then take that sort of real-life logistics and apply it into these policies and goals and how do you want to set up a commercial deal with that? So, there's still a lot of details being worked through on how this will physically move into the market. And then as a result of that, how it will price. So, I think airlines are still -- we're still working through a lot of those details. I don't see any drop in interest or demand. We see demand still growing strongly through 2030. So I think there's still a lot of upside in this outlook. I think it's -- but we have to work through these commercial details and logistical details.
Eric Fisher: Yes. We definitely had -- there's always some timing of ships in our numbers for the quarter, but we do also have the unit running above its original design capacity. So we are running higher rates at DGD 3 as well as seeing strong sales throughout the world as we move into a lot of production moving into Canada with its new CFR that went live in July, and then there's other states that are coming on beyond California. So overall, yes, we did see increased sales due to the combination of some timing of ships and then obviously, we're running above design rates.
Eric Fisher: Yes. The margin -- on the margin capture side, we definitely saw prices lower in the second quarter. We saw waste oils become advantaged again. So that improves a lot of our capture rate. If we talk a little bit about RINs and LCFS, those have been pretty much as expected. LCF market has been relatively flat. The EPA came out with its new RIN outlook, and it was largely unchanged. So -- but overall, that's mostly a product. Gary mentioned, we've seen strong ULSD demand. That's the basis of the formula plus, I would say, more attractive fat prices, as you already mentioned.
Eric Fisher: Yeah. And then as far as the commercial impact of that, it's a bit -- we see the same thing, but of a nonevent and we really don't know the compliance posture of those small refiners. So it's not -- we don't see a big impact to any of our businesses on the small refinery section.
Eric Fisher: Yeah, this is Eric. On the RIN prices, the EPA held the ethanol requirement of 15 billion gallons, which as we've seen over the last several years, it's beyond the blend wall, which means the D4 RIN will be used to fulfill that obligation. Given our outlook, we don't see a big change in RINs. RIN prices or RIN supply you see that as relatively business as usual.
Eric Fisher: Yes. If you -- we're not going to speak on everyone else's projects, but we do see that a lot of the R&D projects are taking longer to come up and their projects are being slowed down. So our outlook is the expected growth curve of R&D is not going to be as aggressive as a lot of predictions.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Manav, this is Gary. We do believe that the DOE is understating gasoline demand. But even their data is showing on a 4-week average basis gasoline demand up about 3%. But if you look at our numbers, of course, Lane mentioned we had record volumes in both May and June of over 1 million barrels a day. We're seeing gasoline sales in our system up 14% year-over-year, up 22% from pre-pandemic levels. Gasoline inventory year-over-year is down 7.5 million barrels. So it's trending at the low end of the 5-year average range. Typically, this time of year, you have an open arb to ship barrels from Europe into the United States. But with inventory low in Europe, that arb is closed, which is hindering imports, and we see strong export demand from the U.S. Gulf Coast into South America. So the fundamentals around gasoline look very good. Diesel inventory is up 6 million barrels, but continues to trend below the 5-year average range. Diesel inventory is flat, where historically, this time of year, we start to see diesel building. Again, while the DOE reflects weaker diesel demand year-over-year, it looks like the weekly data is continually being revised up. So although we certainly that we had a weaker heating oil season, diesel demand looks fairly similar to last year. So we moved forward a lot of encouraging signs around diesel where we saw weaker tonnage index in the second quarter, the June data reflects that the tonnage index is picking back up. We'll start to see more agricultural demand as we get into harvest season and more heating oil demand as we get into colder weather. Continue to see very good export demand from the US Gulf Coast into South America. Some of that has fallen off as we've replaced some supply with Russian barrels, but largely been replaced with more export demand from the US Gulf Coast into Europe. Jet demand also picking up, and had a positive impact on overall distillate supply-demand balances, so the distillate demand looks up 10% year-over-year. It looks pretty strong. All the airlines are reporting very strong demand. Jet trading at a $0.10 per gallon premium in the US Gulf Coast on a rent-adjusted basis today. So, yes, the fundamentals look very, very good.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. I think we have seen the discounts widen back out some as we've moved throughout the third quarter. I think there's some reason for optimism as we head into fall turnaround season, had two and three, you'll see some decreased demand for heavy sour crude, which will help the differential some. I think we'll see some more production growth out of Western Canada as they come out of maintenance season, which would put more barrels back on the market, should continue to see a ramp-up in Chevron production from Venezuela heading into the US Gulf Coast. And then finally, there's some seasonal factors which should help the discounts as well. High sulfur fuel oil for power burn will begin to wind down seasonally, which will put more high sulfur fuel on the market, help the discounts there. And then as we transition into winter weather, you would expect to see higher natural gas prices, which changes the economics for some refineries around the world that have been processing medium and heavy sour crude, which have helped the discounts as well.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think you definitely saw as China ramped up and they didn't have the domestic demand keep up with that initially, you saw a lot of Chinese exports. Some of those barrels were making their way into Europe. And then you had some trade flows that needed to rebalance with the Russian sanction. So, initially, we saw a decreased demand from Latin America and so diesel was starting to back up in the US. But as trade flows have rebalanced, the Russian barrels that are making their way into Latin America that gap has largely been filled by increased demand from Europe. So, if you look for -- in our system in the second quarter of last year, our export is pretty comparable to the second quarter of this year. However, last year, 95% of our volume went to Latin America, 5% to Europe. Second quarter of this year, we had 60% of our exports go to Latin America with 40% to Europe. So you're starting to just see a big pull of diesel from the U.S. Gulf Coast into Europe. We thought in the second quarter and thus far in the third quarter, that's continuing. And that's the real difference.
Gary Simmons: We have seen Russian exports slow, I don't know, if that's just maintenance activity occurring in Russia, what's driving it. But we have seen some of the South American demand that we feel like we lost the Russian barrels that those countries are back inquiring for supply from us again.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So certainly, the big move in the crude market has been the OPEC+ production cuts, 4.5 million barrels a day off the market. And I think you're seeing that as global oil demand picks up, and those barrels are not yet back on the market, you're seeing flat price trend higher, and you've definitely seen it in the quality differentials as well. But in addition to the OPEC+ cuts, there were a number of other issues that you mentioned. We had maintenance in Canada on the wildfires in Canada, the platform fire in Mexico. You kind of went from a seller out of the SBR to a buyer into the SBR. So all of those things had a significant impact on the quality differentials in the second quarter, and we're seeing some of those things start to reverse as we move into the third quarter.
Gary Simmons: No. That wouldn't include really what we're talking about on renewables. That would be strictly our U.S. wholesale volumes. I think some of it was due to rationalization that occurred in the industry that allowed us to be more competitive, but we've gone through and in many locations, renegotiated terminal agreements that just allow us to be more competitive in some regions where we haven't been historically and capture additional market share.
Gary Simmons: Roger, we have modeled that, but I don't have the number in front of me, and I don't want to give you a bad number, but we can follow up with you with Homer and get you the number we had on heating oil demand.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Jason, this is Gary. I don't know that we can see that the warmer weather has caused a significant change in diesel demand. I think where inventories are low in the United States, we're seeing the same thing globally. Low diesel inventories and a pull from the United States into -- especially into Europe, very high as a result of low inventory globally. Moving forward, I don't know really where the path is in terms of restocking the inventory. You look -- we're 35 million barrels below the five-year average. Last year at this time, we were 35 million barrels below the five-year average. So we really aren't making it dent in it. If you look going forward, yes, there's no refined capacity coming online, but -- when you look at the stated nameplate capacity, that new refining capacity and you look at the estimates of global oil demand growth, it doesn't look like a significant impact on the supply-demand balances going forward. 
Greg Bram: Hey John, this is Greg Bram. So as Lane mentioned, the Coker started up in April. And I think it's probably worth noting the project and operating teams did a great job bringing that unit online safely without incident. And that's after we accelerated the schedule last year to be in a position to capture value from that project here in 2023. We've ramped it up to full capacity over the course of the quarter, and it's running well and median expectations. And I think with that, you can take kind of the guidance we've given in the past and think about where the market is today and adjust accordingly. I don't think we have really a new or different view, because the project is really doing what we expected it to do.
Greg Bram: Yeah, Doug, this is Greg. So as you mentioned, overall capture rates were pretty consistent with what we'd expect from a 1Q to 2Q move. I should mention from the earlier question. In the Gulf Coast, the Coker was a positive impact, the new Coker on capture rates in the Gulf. As you mentioned in the Mid-Con, lower there primarily due to turnaround activity and you can see that in our lower throughput rates in second quarter versus the first quarter. And then in the North Atlantic, we tend to always see a seasonal shift in the value of Canadian distillates up in that market strong in the winter and then coming off in the spring and summer time. So that was one of the effects we saw there. Then the one that was a bit more unique to this particular period was just higher cost for sweet crude coming out of Canada, primarily impacted by some maintenance and also the wildfires they had up there.
Greg Bram: Yeah, we're starting to see it moderate a bit, but it will take some time. That usually is not just a very short, short-term effect, but we expect that it will start to improve.
Greg Bram: Paul, this is Greg. I don't know that we can speak a whole lot to what was going on elsewhere. Our operations were very good for the quarter. Good mechanical availability in line with kind of our typical first quartile type of performance. So the weather has had just a very modest impact on any of our operations.
Greg Bram: Yes, this is Greg. So on the West Coast, we had great operations out there. But really, the thing to note there is Benicia has a very, very high gasoline yield in terms of its product mix. So, when gasoline is very strong relative to distillate products out in the West Coast, we see strong capture rates out there driven by Benicia's yield. That's the primary factor you saw in the second quarter.
Greg Bram: Roger, we've been mostly in max gasoline mode, but we've been watching that movement between those two products. And we'll make that shift when we start to see that kind of swing cut drive us back the other way. One of the things maybe just to keep in mind is on that swing cut, as you keep that heavier part of the gasoline and the gasoline pool, it pulls in more butane into the blend pool. And when you look at where butane prices are currently that's really attractive to get as much butane in the blend as you can.
Greg Bram: Hey, Paul, I'll start with the first one on the different crudes. If I understood your question, we see incentive to run the heavy grades as well as the light track now. The advantage for heavy crudes narrowed quite a bit as we got into the quarter. As Gary mentioned, as those differentials start to move back out that will increase the incentive to move -- to continue to process the heavy grades. The medium sours have probably been the one that have been least attractive and we would need to see those be -- have a wider discount to the light sweet grade before we would start to make a shift there. On your question, your capture rate question.
Greg Bram: Yes, we can minimize quite a bit. Paul, one thing to keep in mind is there's different parts of the country, different parts of even the Gulf Coast region, where the medium sours, particular grades will still be attractive to run and we'll process those in the places where that medium grade is not as attractive. The easiest way to think about it is, in a lot of cases, we can run a combination of heavy and light to essentially kind of mirror what a medium grade looks like, but do that at a lower cost than buying the medium sour crude itself.
Greg Bram: Yes, Paul, primarily the one thing that was unique about the second quarter was the higher crude cost and again, driven by higher prices for Syncrude out of Canada, both maintenance and wildfire-related. That was probably the thing that caused, kind of, that region to look different this quarter than it would typically for a second quarter period.
Greg Bram: Yes. So our Quebec refinery runs a combination of Canadian crudes and then waterborne crudes that we bring up from the Gulf Coast.
