Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to report that our team maximized refining run rates in the second quarter, while executing our long-standing commitment to safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible operations. In fact, we've been increasing throughput since 2020, as demand recovered along with the easing of COVID-19 pandemic restrictions. Our refinery utilization rate increased from the pandemic low of 74% in the second quarter of 2020, to 94% in the second quarter of 2022. Refining margins in the second quarter were supported by continued strength in product demand, coupled with low product inventories and continued energy cost advantage for U.S. refineries compared to global competitors. Product supply is constrained as a result of significant refinery capacity rationalization that was triggered by the COVID-19 pandemic, driving the shutdown of marginal refineries and conversion of several refineries to product low-carbon fuels. In addition, the Russia-Ukraine conflict intensified the supply tightness with less Russian products in the global market. However, product demand has been strong due to the summer driving season and pent up demand for travel. Valero continues to maximize refinery throughput to help supply the market at this time when global product inventories are at historically low levels. Our low-carbon Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments also performed well in the quarter. The Renewable Diesel segment had record production volumes as the DGD expansion, DGD 2 ramped up to full capacity. On the strategic front, we remain on track with our growth projects that reduced costs and improve margin capture. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's throughput capacity, while also improving turnaround efficiency, is expected to be completed in the first-half of 2023. As for low-carbon projects, the DGD 3 renewable diesel project, located next to our Port Arthur refinery, is expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2022. The completion of this 470 million gallon per year plan is expected to nearly double DGD's total annual capacity to approximately 1.2. billion gallons of renewable diesel, and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. BlackRock and Navigator's carbon sequestration project is progressing on schedule, and is expected to begin startup activities in late-2024. We're expected to be the anchor shipper, with eight of our ethanol plants connected to this system, which should provide a lower carbon-intensity ethanol product, and generate higher product margins. And we continue to evaluate other low-carbon opportunities, such as sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen, and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. On the financial side, we remain committed to our capital allocation framework, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet, and an investment-grade credit rating. We incurred $4 billion of incremental debt in 2020 during the low-margin environment resulting from the pandemic. Since then, we've reduced our debt by $2.3 billion, including a $300 million reduction in June, and will evaluate further de-leveraging opportunities going forward. In summary, we remain focused on safe, reliable, and environmentally responsible operations, and on maximizing system throughput to provide the essential products that the world needs. And we continue to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage through refining optimization projects, and to grow our business through innovative low carbon fuels that enhance the margin capability of our portfolio. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: Yes, it's difficult to know what's going to happen with the sanctions. I think we see some South American countries that seem to be interested in taking some Russian barrels. So, that certainly could be a scenario that develops some of the Russian diesel makes its way to South America. And then we backfill into Europe, I could see that happening, but we don't really have a lot of clarity what's going to happen.
Joe Gorder: Yes, certainly in the short-term, freight rates are high, and we see a better incentive going into Latin America. I don't know what's going to happen in terms of Russian sanctions in the rebalancing. So, better we just kind of wait and see.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I think as you said, I mean the soybean oil market was pricey in the second quarter, but since come down, and if you look at -- feedstock availability is there, I mean we are not having any problem sourcing any of the different waste oils or animal fat feedstocks. Relative values, it goes along. With the LCFS, you know, a lot of that is not as advantage as it has been if you look at sort of this time last year. But we certainly have availability to get the feedstocks we need for DGD 3, and there is no doubts with DGD 3 being our third and largest unit starting up in the fourth quarter it will change some of the trade flows certainly in the U.S. and as well as where we can pull from all the global sources of feedstocks. So, I think you are right, we will see any impact of feedstocks in general as we change a lot of the trade flows, and then -- but I think we will see in a collaboration some time next year as it sort of settles out. How those trade flows change. And so, it will be interesting and we are in it. That will be one thing we are looking at as you start up and see like I mentioned earlier the Canadian regulation opening up and some other markets opening up, we will be looking at how that all plays out versus feed stocks.
Joe Gorder: I think you are seeing a lot of pull through of IMO 2020 in the market today. It's contributing to the stronger distillate cracks that you are seeing because more diesel has been pulled in the marine sector. And then it's also contributing to the higher sulfur fuel discounts as well.
Joe Gorder: And yes, it goes to my point that they understand the implications of some of these decisions. You know, banning exports doesn't have the effect that they would want to have as far as we can tell. It would probably just put some pressure on the industry, and it would certainly drive the global prices higher without the U.S. supply to backfill some of the shortfalls that are out there. So, they seem to have a keen grasp for that. And that was encouraging to us, but I consider it was a constructed meeting, and they're interested in solutions. It's always interesting to see what happens after these conversations take place, and would there be any actual follow-up with it, but there is still talking. So, more to come, Jason.
Gary Simmons: Manav, this is Gary. I can tell you, through our wholesale channel there is really no indication of any demand destruction. In June, we actually set sales records; we sold 911,000 barrels a day in the month of June, which surpassed our previous record, in August of '18, where we did 904,000 barrels a day. We read a lot about demand destruction and mobility data showing in that range of 3% to 5% demand destruction. Again, we're not seeing in our system. We did see a bit of a lull the first couple of weeks of July, but our seven-day averages now are back to kind of that June level with gasoline at pre-pandemic levels, and diesel continuing to trend above pre-pandemic levels.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I agree with what Lane said. Really, our market outlook calls for a prolonged period where we would be above what we currently have as mid-cycle. And there's a number of structural changes. When you talk about high energy costs as a result of higher natural gas costs, in the U.S. we have lower feed stocks cost due to our proximity to crude natural gas. And then you're getting refiners that are now having to pay some form of a carbon tax, which raises their cost as well. So, as long as the supply and demand balances are tight, and there's a call on that capacity, it would be logical to assume it's going to start to reset that mid-cycle level.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so, I -- again, kind of referring back to those structural advantages we have in the U.S. on feedstock costs and the energy costs and freight advantages going to South American, we feel like we're in such a strong competitive position even if demand fell here in the United States, we would be able to export volume and be competitive doing that in South America.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So, I think, overall, we started to see there was not certainty what would happen with the Russian sanctions, but as time has gone on it appears that the Russian oil has continued to flow, and it's a change in trade flow, not less Russian oil on the market. The combination of that, SPR barrels coming on to the market, some production growth in certain parts of the world caused flat price to come down. And then it's also caused quality differentials to be pressured somewhat. In addition to the things I mentioned, the early releases, the SPR, largely medium-sour barrels with pressured the differentials. And then we've seen high sulfur fuel oil move weaker, which high sulfur fuel oil prices tend to impact quality differentials as well. Some of that is Russian [resid] [Ph], is starting to make its way back to the market. You're seeing more high sulfur fuel oil come from Mexico, and so those things are starting to pressure the quality differentials we're seeing in the market today.
Gary Simmons: Yes, well, that's exactly right. I think you'll see lower volumes coming from SPR. Most people have kind of lowered their global oil demand forecast. So, I think the oil markets are fairly well-balanced. We wouldn't expect a lot of movement in the quality differentials from where they are today.
Lane Riggs: Well, Theresa, this is Lane, I'll take a crack at it, and Gary can tune me a little bit. But, obviously right now it's significantly above the mid-cycle or at least our view of mid-cycle, and then probably anybody else's, for that matter. But with that said, you got to remember our idea of mid-cycle is we go through an entire economic cycle, i.e., from recession to recession. And so, that's kind of -- it's descriptive and defined, and we work through those numbers with few adjustments. But I think we believe, at least we --- the world seems to be trending in a place where the -- through the next economic cycle for a number of reasons, whether it's just sort of the way the energy transition is working for the lack of investment in fossil fuels. For a number of these types of reasons we sort of see that the -- probably be above what -- where our mid-cycle is today for the next economic cycle.
Lane Riggs: Well, and this is Lane, and Theresa, to your point, I mean the extreme measures our industry took to deal with the pandemic demand destruction, it's hard to imagine outside of another pandemic the demand destruction where going though a recession would have anything remotely close to that. And obviously, going through the pandemic, quite a bit of capacity was taken offline.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Doug, it's Lane. So, a very good question, and we sort of talked about this quite a bit in terms of this advantage the United States is having with respect to, obviously, energy prices. Today, Pembroke is doing well; it did particularly well in this past quarter. To give a more of a precise answer around natural gas, you've been mainly paying about $30 to, I don't know, maybe -- to this morning, it was $50, but I mean, per million BTU, but I would say it's more in this $30 range. There's quite a bit of volatility, however the U.K. is a little bit better-positioned than Europe is in terms of the value that they're paying for gas. So, even [there is another step] [Ph] change, and we're not -- we don't refine over there, so we're just sort of reading the same things that you guys are, there's another step change in terms of how much gas is costing in the U.K. versus some of these European refineries that are maybe not in the best situation around natural gas. So, Pembroke is doing well, I mean and -- and so, I wouldn't consider it actually to be at the marginal capacity today. Obviously, the fact that they're doing well means that we're way past them as being somebody like -- even them being the sort of marginal capacity setting out their -- setting the -- mainly the heat crack, so -- 
Lane Riggs: Well, today, it's high, right, because of the cost of natural gas. But when you look at them on the other issues, whether it's our -- sort of our -- our cost per barrel or all those out, sort of on an energy-adjusted basis, they're one of the most competitive refineries in Europe, and actually look pretty good on a U.S. basis. And so, I'm not going to give exact precision, but it's a very efficient refinery. They have are very, very competitive in the Atlantic Basin.
Lane Riggs: Yes, it's going to be a real challenge for us, Roger, to be able to supply a lot more diesel into Europe. If you look, with the U.S. inventories where they are, the industry basically running all-out. We're getting back to where jet demand is recovering in the U.S., which is actually driving ULSD yields down a little bit. So, it's very difficult for me seeing that there's going to be a lot of flow from the U.S. into Europe.
Lane Riggs: Yes, and Roger, I agree completely with what Jason said. I mean we want to go ahead and get things cleaned up, and get this balance sheet absolutely bulletproofed. And carrying a bit more cash is something that makes a lot of sense to do. You'd like to have your maintenance and turnaround CapEx covered with cash on hand, the dividend covered with cash on hand, and then we'll see where we go. But, anyway, I think for now we're on the right course, and as Gary has stated, it looks like the margin environment is going to be higher for some time. It certainly is today, not what we experienced in the second quarter but certainly well above what we would consider to be a traditional mid-cycle. And if we continue to build cash we'll continue to honor the payout, and it'll probably move from the lower end to the higher end.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I mean, you should. That is something we'll be looking at, as we've discussed, our short-term focus is on getting the debt back down. And we will look at that. We met and looked at this before. We'll be measured in our approach to ensure it's something that's sustainable through this cycle, especially given what we experienced coming through COVID, but that is something we'll be looking at.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So, I would say, normally speaking absent any big moves in flat price, it would be fairly similar.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Neil. This is Lane. So, Gary kind of addressed this a little bit, our assets have been in max distill mode for a few weeks. And so, one of the dynamics that's occurring right now, as Joe covered, it's actually made distillate yields fall, or diesel deals fall. So, I guess the short answer is I have seen everybody else is doing kind of similar signals, there's not a lot of additional diesel outside of incremental runs that somebody might have, and the industry is running at pretty high utilization rates. I don't see a big opportunity to make up through decent shortfall right now.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane; all those projects where steel prices and labor and everything else is locked in prior to sort of this inflationary time that we are experiencing right now.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. I'll add to that. It's also probably some of the really high valuations on sort of I am going to say sort of the landing basis weaker, because again it's a little bit -- it's not unlike what's happening on natural gas, the marginal refiner trying not to make high sulfur fuels bidding up the Light Sweet market, so they can try to stay out of that market, right? So, it's propping up that the value of that crude versus medium sours.
Lane Riggs: RVP in relaxing self-respect, that was essentially I think the major -- ongoing policy there's essentially an initiative that you could give, it would help maybe -- some of the U.S. refiners have to export because of self-respect. That's fairly clear. And so, I think that -- and then the other idea was again like what Joe just mentioned, relaxing the RVP in some of these, and that would require some of the non-attainment metropolitan areas would have to go from reformulated to a conventional land. That's a little bigger move, but those are the things that we talked about.
Lane Riggs: Yes, so, obviously, there's a lot of things we got to still get the details of before -- but we certainly have a project in the wings that is waiting to see how this SAF credit is going to play out. And so, there is a project that we looked at for -- that we continue to do engineering on that would bolt-on SAF capability to DGD 3 with roughly a kind of 50-50 yield of SAF and renewable diesel. So, it would be a significant increase in SAF capability for the U.S., obviously the largest producer of SAF. So, it does like you it could be a possibility, but like I said, a lot of details to work through from a policy standpoint, and then as well that has to be discussed with our partner.
Lane Riggs: Yes, that's -- all those details will be in the Q. And what I would say is really, it's all just a product of backwardation being more severe in the second quarter than the first quarter. So, it was a larger impact and that's why, as we said earlier, margin capture was much lower mostly just because of the market effects on ULSD. But I think we see that probably looking a little more favorable in the back-half of the year. But if that's all, it'll really be tied to how the ULSD market plays out. But currently looks better, let's see how the rest of the year plays out.
Jason Fraser: Thanks, Doug, this is Jason, I can take one. We'll be doing basically the same thing we've been doing in the past. Our capital allocation priorities haven't changed. We said when the margins start recovering, we start paying down our debt and build cash as a priority; we made really good progress on both of those fronts. And Joe and Homer mentioned on the debt side, and you mentioned, we had a series of transactions, starting last September running through June 1, where we paid back $2.3 billion of our COVID debts so far. On the cash side, we said we'd planned a whole more given what we experienced through COVID, $3 billion to $4 billion be the range we'd look at. We're now at $5.4 billion with a net debt to cap of 25% at the end of the second quarter. So, we think we're in a good shape on those fronts. Now, our approach to buybacks will continue to be guided by our target payout ration of 40% to 50%, just the net cash from operations. We've remained at the lower-end of the range so far this year given our competing priorities of paying back the debt and building cash. We're at a 42% payout so far this year, so we think we're in good shape, and we'll plan to continue doing more of the same, paying down our debt and honoring our return commitment to the shareholders.
Jason Fraser: Yes, sure. Yes, you're right, for the foreseeable future, at least in the next several months, we've still got that competing priority of paying down our debt. So, I think we'll stay at the lower end while we're paying down debt. If any of the cycle continues to be super strong, you're right; we'll have a lot of excess cash to consider.
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. I will start off, and then maybe Eric can chime in. We all know how DGD was -- the business was build, we use cash flows from the business, it's funded, all the growth are largely funded till now. We will DGD 3 coming online in the fourth quarter. So, there should be some tests, cash flows to look out at the time and the partners will be [indiscernible] what to do with it.
Eric Herbort: Yes. This is Eric. I think you hit the nail on the head. Really the big difference between Q1 and Q2 was the severity of the backwardation quarter-to-quarter, but if you look at the rest of the capture rate, which was weaker, yes, soybean prices were higher, and obviously LCFS prices were down sort of averaging $130 in the first quarter versus closer to $100 in the second quarter. So, it's clearly margins tighter in the second quarter, and capture rate is lower mostly due to backwardation you mentioned. If you look forward, I think again you said that as USD markets normalize you will see a little bit of return normal in the back-half of this year for RD.
Eric Herbort: Yes. The LCFS market in California has really seemed to have stabilized in the sort of $90 to $100 range. We don't see a lot of volume moving. And as you mentioned, the scoping meetings they have, they're considering increasing the obligations into 2030, which should have a -- create a greater demand for the LCFS credits. Because as we see now, with renewable diesel and other renewables consuming up to about 50% of the obligation, and gasoline demand still relatively muted on the West Coast is just -- it's the credit obligation. It's just not a big driver there. So, I think you mentioned Canada, we see that's an opening emerging market. The world is trying to figure what these earlier credit prices are going to be valued at, is that new federal regulation in Canada goes into effect between now and next June. And then obviously with Oregon and Washington opening up, they all seem to be hanging around the same sort of $90 to $100 credit price. So, obviously we want to see -- we would like to see that go back up, and if I was going to have an outlook, it seems to have stabilized some more kind of in that range.
Eric Herbort: Well, this is Eric, I'll start. The BTC obviously is part of the business model that we capture with renewable diesel obviously, and we have always said that we are fairly certain there would be some sort of a blender's tax credit, because there's always been one for them for the last decade. We have seen, you know, there's some view that without a blender's tax credit the [defo RIN] [Ph] would pick it up, and maybe not perfectly dollar-for-dollar, but certainly sort of the 70%-80% range. And so, we will see how this plays out. But certainly it's supportive of the renewable business. I don't know if Rich you wanted to comment at all on the political side.
Eric Herbort: Yes. So, obviously we do expect there to be a positive cash flow next year with the DGD 3 starting up, and capital finishing on that project. And so, obviously we will have to work with our partner on what we want to do with that cash. And so, like we have said, we're going to take a pause after DGD 3 starts up, and we kind of take that a look on the market of -- you know, lot of things we have talked about today between feedstocks and new product elements, and then we hook with the recent policy discussions that came out last night, you know, what we want to do with the cash, but obviously there should be a cash flow to discuss in 2023 associated with DGD.
