Joseph W. Gorder: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We started the year with bullish fundamentals, healthy product demand and days of supply for total light products below the five-year range. However, as the quarter progressed, winter storms, fog along the Gulf Coast and strong refinery utilization delayed seasonal product draws, creating some margin headwinds. But despite these challenges, Valero performed well and delivered solid financial results. As you know, we've been investing growth capital in logistics projects. An excellent example of this is the Diamond Pipeline, which is running well and enabling us to capture additional margin into our refining system. We increased pipeline throughput during the quarter, which provided our Memphis refinery with greater access to Cushing and Midland crudes that are cost advantage versus LLS. We made additional investments in logistics to further reduce secondary costs and increase margin capture. We acquired the SemLogistics Milford Haven fuel storage facility in Wales. We also entered into a joint ownership agreement with Sunrise Pipeline LLC, a new pipeline connecting Midland and Wichita Falls, Texas. Construction also continues on the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and the Pasadena products terminal. We expect these investments to improve flexibility in product and feedstock supply in our refineries when completed in 2019 and 2020. Turning to our refining investments. Work remains on track for the Diamond Green Diesel capacity expansion and the Houston and St. Charles alkylation units. These projects should start up between the third quarter of this year and 2020. In addition, our board of directors approved the construction of a 45-megawatt cogeneration plant at the Pembroke refinery. We expect to see lower operating costs and improved electricity and steam supply reliability when the project is completed in 2020. Turning to cash returns to stockholders. We paid out 57% of our first quarter adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. And we continue to target an annual payout ratio of between 40% to 50%. In closing, we remain optimistic about the margin environment for the year. Global economies are growing. Product demand is strong, particularly in Latin America. And days of supply refine light product inventories are below five-year averages. With our highly reliable and flexible refining system, we are well positioned to capture margin tailwinds arising from these positive trends. And with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: No, it's the latter. And the capital allocation framework we've used now for several years just remains in place. We'll continue to invest for growth. We will continue to maintain our commitment to the dividend. And we'll use surplus cash for share repurchases. That being said, if we saw a transaction out there that we thought was excellent and that provided synergies for the company, we wouldn't hesitate to approach it. But that's been part of the model, the framework now for several years. So I don't expect anything really to change going forward.
Joseph W. Gorder: It's always muted though. I mean, if you look at what's really happened and you look at type of vehicles that are being purchased today, I think Ford has announced that they're not going to make cars – so many cars anymore. And it's because of the demand for light trucks and SUVs. So Roger, from a practical standpoint, even with the higher price, it's going to be difficult for people to moderate their consumption that much based on the vehicles that they're buying today.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah. So why don't we let Jason talk about maybe the process here a little bit. And then if Gary or Lane want to talk about what it takes, that'd be great.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, this is Joe. I mean, we'll take a look. I think it's too early for us to answer your question as specifically as you asked it though. I mean, we just don't know yet. So I mean, just like many others I'm sure we'll just take a look and see what the opportunity looks like and see what we can do with it. And then, we'll let you know more about it later.
Joseph W. Gorder: Oh yeah, well, the ratio might rise, but probably the target is going to stay somewhat consistent. You know the volatility that we historically had in this business, which we have done our best as a team to try to strip. And so you always want to be careful with the dividend and be sure that once you put it in place, that is our commitment to our owners and we're going to be sure we do everything we can to sustain that dividend. And so Mike – we don't have a particular targeted number because Mike and Donna always look at the forecasted cash, what the balances look like going forward. And we've told the market for several years now we're not going to hoard cash and we haven't. And so I think, Craig, you should just assume that if we find ourselves sitting on a pot full of cash that we're going to return it.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Doug. This is Gary. I think I'll start with the latter part of it. I think you really hit the nail on the head in terms of the challenges on IMO and the fuel quality. A lot of these blends, it's about stability of the fuel. And so we're certainly doing a lot of work in that area to understand some of these blends and things that can be done to be able to produce the 0.5-way percent (13:05) spec. But because a lot of those challenges, certainly the industry today is pointing more towards a lot more ULSD in the marine bunker business and that's the reason; it's the stability of the fuel.
Gary Simmons: No, I think that we're – we actually feel that IMO will be supportive of gasoline cracks as well, and the reason for that is a lot of the low-sulfur feedstocks that are going to cat crackers today to produce gasoline, you want to pull those in to make the low-sulfur marine bunker roll stack (15:23). So I think overall, IMO is very supportive to both gasoline and distillate.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Neil, this is Gary. I think when you look at kind of what's happened to the Midland market over the last six months, November we had the enterprise, the Midland-to-Sealy pipeline come on with 450,000 barrels a day of takeaway capacity. As that started up, the Midland Cushing spread came in fairly narrow and then we continue to see production ramp-up, which as the production ramped up pretty much all the pipeline capacity at either Cushing or to the Gulf Coast was again being consumed. And then in the first quarter, I think, to compound all that, you had some refinery maintenance in the Mid-Continent. And so some of the demand for some of those Midland barrels that's typically there went away and so the Midland Cushing spread really widen out. I think we see – what we see is that as refining capacity comes back on in the Mid-Continent, that Midland Cushing spread will come back in some. But as you get out later this year and early into 2019, it does look like once again production will ramp up to the point where logistics will be a limit and we'll be in for a period where that Midland Cushing spread will be relatively wide until the next pipeline project come online.
Gary Simmons: We did a little bit of that when the differential blew out several years ago, and I don't remember what the numbers are, Neil. But it's expensive to move by truck.
Gary Simmons: Okay. I'll start in Canada. Yeah, I think we saw Canadian differentials really blow out and then have since come in some. We had the Fort Hills production come online. And so increase in production you were definitely limited on the logistics to be able to clear the barrel. Some of it was the increase in production, but we also had – Keystone had a pressure restriction, which de-rated that line. And then, a lot of issues around the rail, both weather-related issues around rail and also the lack of locomotives. So then as we moved further in the quarter, we saw some seasonal maintenance being – occurring up in Western Canada, which lowered production. At the same time, Keystone was able to restore their capacity. We've seen some improvement in the rail. So those differentials have come back in some. But ultimately, I think, we view that production in Western Canada will outpace the ability to clear that barrel until one of the cross-border pipelines comes one, which is more a 2020 discussion. I think you'll see relatively wide discounts in Western Canada on those barrels. At the Maya LLS, I think when you look at Maya and the Maya formula, a lot of the components of the Maya formula contributed to Maya moving weaker. WTS moved weaker. Fuel oil moved weaker. And the Brent TI are (20:10) widening out all contributed to Maya moving weaker. And certainly, they can correct that with adjustments to the K, but what we saw in the first quarter was a lot of their demand was down due to U.S. Gulf Coast refinery maintenance. And so they were actually low in production. And within being at a position of having length I think they were reluctant to change the K. And so we saw Maya very competitively priced during the quarter.
Gary Simmons: Okay. I'll start. So, I think your first question was the impact that running a lower sulfur fuel may have on the ships' engines.
Gary Simmons: I think that we see a lot of the ships today when they get into these areas next to the shoreline are burning diesel anyway, and so they have some history on burning low sulfur fuels and I'm not aware of any negative impact that had on engine wear. The second part of that question in terms of technology to convert resid to low sulfur (22:56) I'll let Lane answer.
Gary Simmons: Then on your Midland question, I guess all – really our capacity to run Midland is we could run as much Midland – 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet capacity we have could be all Midland. I'm sure, what you are getting at is how much of that could we get is actually priced at Midland type values. Today, a lot of the crude we run at Ardmore and McKee is priced off of Midland. We don't divulge the number and some of the reasons for that is that pricing contracts are negotiable and up all the time, so that number flows a little bit. But we run a lot of Midland priced crude at both McKee and Ardmore. And then, we recently announced the Sunrise project, which will give us another 100,000 barrels a day of Midland priced crude that we can take into Ardmore and McKee. And in addition to that, we're certainly looking at all these pipeline projects from the Permian to the Gulf and evaluating opportunities to get more Midland priced crude, both to our Gulf Coast system and to the export refineries.
Gary Simmons: You know Roger, I don't know that we have an exact number. We certainly haven't seen a negative reaction to the Street price yet in terms of the demand response. And our view has always been certainly where crude got to be over $100 a barrel there was certainly demand destruction that took place there. But somewhere I think between that $80 and $100 range is when you start to see some demand destruction start to take place if crude gets that high.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Roger, I don't know if I can give you an absolute number. We can get with you with John to give you what that figure is. But the way we look at it is we kind of looked at a reasonable ramp-up and refinery utilization rate, and we're confident that demand growth in the region outpaces any kind of a reasonable ramp up in refinery utilization is kind of the way we've looked at that market. But in terms of absolute growth, I'm not sure I can give you a number what we've planned on.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so I think what we saw on the West Coast is certainly the inventory draw we saw this week and getting below that 30 million-barrel threshold, I think, provided a lot of support for the market. Overall, we still believe that the West Coast has long refining capacity. And so as long as all the refineries are running at high utilization rates, the market really can't absorb all the production. But when the refinery goes down, you see spikes in the market and the market becomes short. I think longer term, the things I look to that can help that market is really the opening up and deregulation in Mexico. I think you will see exports from the West Coast that will go to the west side of Mexico. And then, you'll also see is some of the cross-border sales ramp up, in markets like El Paso you will start to see some more West Coast barrels serving the Arizona market which will help bring that market back into balance.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So I think there's not a problem really with availability of medium sour crude product system. It's just not priced to where we show an economic incentive to maximize those barrels. However they are, certainly, inter-related. And I think we see that medium sours will continue to price at a level where we wouldn't expect to run a high-volume medium sour crude until the OPEC production comes back online, whenever that is, if it is later this year or early next year. But I think if the OPEC production comes back online and you get that additional supply in the market, you will see those medium discounts widen and we'll bring them back into our system.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. I think we see diesel demand that's very strong. And as you mentioned, 28 million barrels below where we were last year, we had good heating oil demand with little colder weather in the Northeast. And then, we're seeing very strong rack (38:11) demand. I think some it's economic growth and then a lot of it is just the increase in the upstream activity. But the big thing to us is as we started to get out of typical heating well season you could see in the stats we actually had record exports. And we're seeing just overall what appears to be an overall global short of distillate barrels available. So I think we feel like that the distillate market is going to be – remain very strong throughout this year, and then you certainly – as you alluded to, we'll start to see an IMO impact that affects us on the distillate side as well. When that starts to kick in, I'm not sure. But we certainly feel that we're in for a very good year in terms of the diesel fundamentals.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So, I think, any of these projects that come couple of reasons. One is to lower our deliver cost of crude and then also it allows us better control online, Rich Lashway and my group certainly evaluate all of them. And it's for a couple of reasons. One, is to lower our delivery cost accrued, and then also it allows us better control over the quality of the barrel that we're running in our refining system. So for those reasons, we're involved in all these processes on the new lines coming on. And certainly look to participate if it makes sense for us to do so.
Gary Simmons: Pretty much, Blake. If you look at where we were in the first quarter, we said that we ended at 1.6 million barrels a day of light sweet crude processing capacity. Although it wasn't fully utilized, a lot of the capacity that wasn't used, it was because we had maintenance going on at a couple of our refineries that backed out some of that light sweet crude processing capacity. But we pretty much – our economic signals are pointing us to maximize light sweet pretty much everywhere we can.
Gary Simmons: I think when I go back and look at the trend in refinery utilization, some of it is tied to the trend in running lighter crude. So as the API – average API gravity of the crude slate has gone up throughout the industry, utilization has gone up with it. So we certainly see at some of our refineries, as we run a lighter diet, it enables us to run higher rates. So with that, you would expect that as the crude quality discounts widen and the slate gets heavier, maybe there's a chance utilization falls back off if that occurs.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Phil. I think to some degree, we're starting to view LLS as somewhat of a stranded crude marker. I think especially since we exited that market. When we started at the Diamond Pipeline, there's just not a lot of liquidity around LLS anymore. And so to us, the more relevant marker to look for the U.S. Gulf Coast light sweet is that MEH (43:24) marker. And that's the one we tend to look at more heavily than LLS.
Gary Simmons: I don't think we see anything that causes us a pause for what we're doing in Latin America. We still see very good product demand pools (45:50) both for gasoline and distillate. I don't think we see anything on the horizon that's going to change that.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So in the quarter, we ran about 180,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian, Ryan, and it's not really a limit in our system. It's more of an economic optimization. So we could run a lot more heavy Canadian if the economic signals pointed us in that direction. But it would be at the expense of some of the other Latin American grades, be it Venezuelan or Maya. Some of those grades we would push out if the Canadian was more economic. Follow-up, I guess, in Venezuela, we've certainly seen some issues with production and issues around logistics. But for the most part, the volumes we got for Venezuela in the first quarter were consistent with what our historical volumes have been. And we continue to see good value for those barrels versus our other heavy sour alternatives.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we start with that. We did 73,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports and our diesel exports were 163,000 barrels a day. The year-over-year numbers are down fairly significantly, and there's a number of reasons for that. Joe alluded to weather issues in the Gulf, especially a lot of fog that prohibited us from exporting during the quarter. Also we had some refinery maintenance that limited production. But the biggest thing was really probably more the strength of the U.S. market. So we have the ability to put barrels on the water and for us during the quarter we actually saw a lot better value to take those barrels we're putting on the water to the Florida market, for instance, rather than the export market. So a lot of our dock capacity was consumed taking barrels like to the Florida market, waterborne markets in the U.S. rather than the export market. I don't think it's any indication of lack of demand it was just – we always view that as an economic optimization and we had better netbacks to send to other markets.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team. I just wanted to start with a big thank you to Cisko. You came into the role 15 years ago. We looked this morning, the stock is up 1,300%, over 4x the market before even looking at the dividends. We know the ride hasn't been linear, but it has been a great one and we appreciate your steady hand at the helm of a financial shift.
Neil Mehta: Well, the questions I had here were all in the crude differential because you guys have unique perspective on this. And first one I'll start on the light side. So we've seen WTI Midland really widen out here in 2018, you guys have a good perspective on this, especially now with your involvement with Sunrise and with very new – a few new pipelines coming into, let's call it, the back half of 2019. There's investor concern, certainly, on the producer side that these differentials really could widen out towards trucking economics. So I want to get your perspective on what's going on in the Midland? Is there sufficient trucks to ultimately move the crude from West Texas down from to the refining centers at Corpus Christi? Are there constraints, and how does this all kind of play out? And then I have a follow-up on the heavy side.
Neil Mehta: All right. Great. And a follow-up question on the heavy side. We've seen this Canadian differentials tighten up here. It's going to be a big turnaround season in May and June. But production looks like it going to keep on ramping towards the end of year. So just thoughts on Western Canada? And then also LLS Maya, which has increased despite some of these Venezuela issues would be helpful.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. I mean, I guess our view is at grassroots was pretty expensive to do. I mean somebody had to go out and try to build something like this and just some where you have to have all the infrastructure. So one of these looks a whole lot like maybe it's not a resid cracker but it's a resid hydro trigger, we have some experience with those. Their best use would be put into an existing refinery. I don't know if anybody is seriously looking at this at this time. I hear a lot talk about it, but I guess I'll leave it at that.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. I think, what I would say is skepticism is maybe overstating it a bit. I'm just saying, no matter what, it would be pretty expensive and it would have to be a refiner that would probably have to be able to do this. And I think everybody wants to – I think people want to see the market evolve before they commit that much money, particularly to a new technology that people aren't familiar with.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. So to Joe's point, I mean really all of Latin America has some more or less exposure to the sort of having a lack of, I would say, maintenance capital. So over time their operations and their reliability have eroded, largely probably because of the flat price in crude. They can't really fund – they can't fund their operations. And so depending on how long and how deep that sort of that story goes, it takes a long time to recover. I mean, like some conversations that we've had – some of these counterparties in the past was it's at least two turnaround cycles. And you really have to – you have to stare at your management a long time. And there's a lot of work involved in this. And a lot of times, if you think about two turnaround cycles, whether that's 6 years or 10 years, that typically out – that sort of is a longer duration than a lot of the sort of the political types or certainly the – even some of the management involved in trying to get this done. So it's a very, very, very difficult thing to turn around a refining complex when it's gotten in states that many of these Latin American refineries are in.
R. Lane Riggs: Oh I'm sorry. (30:49) Port Arthur coker, we're still working with all the sort of the stakeholders in Port Arthur community along with the TCEQ (30:55) to get that permit move forward. We fully expect to get a permit sometime this year on it.
R. Lane Riggs: Well – so, this is Lane. From a gasoline blending perspective, clean high octane components like alkylate help in this process. They help dilute out some of the other sort of aromatic-based octane that are in the gasoline pool. And like Jason alluded to, it will require a certain amount of ethanol. I mean, the industry has gotten used to ethanol in the blends and it is a source of octane. And so that definitely is going to be a part of the blend. I think on balance, what you have to deal with is the light naphtha. Some light naphtha – assuming (33:10) are full is going to have to find its way somewhere else, whether it goes into the olefins – the olefins crackers or somewhere else, but that's a stream that we'll – that the industry will be trying to fall between high octane components to blend it off and just getting it out of the pool.
R. Lane Riggs: So, hi Benny, this is Lane. No, we haven't said anything yet. So I think I've talked to you last – I don't know, the Friday of the Valero Texas Open, but where we are based on the repair of the alky, we're going to bring forward to the FEC (34:24) alky turnaround that we had scheduled at Texas City this past fall, we're just bringing it forward, we want to execute it now.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey – hey, Blake, I'll just add one other thing. I think one of the things you've seen over the last few years is different than maybe historically. So there's been a call on crude capacity signals, that's pretty much been the most economic unit in the refinery. So all refiners will do everything to make sure that capacity is always well utilized, feedstocks were in front of it. You might even incur demurrage to make sure that in fact you don't lose capacity. So, I mean, that's clearly been part of what's going on with respect to the utilization, because that number is the crude unit capacity. It's not buying intermediates and other things.
R. Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. Hey. We just really continue to work with the community and the SCAQMD out there and then the other stakeholders really to arrive at what we think will ultimately be a reasonable solution. That's sort of what we've been stating in all the calls and all the conferences and that still what we believe.
R. Lane Riggs: It, well – it would absolutely – we're building an alkylation unit at our Houston refinery and at our St. Charles. And so you're talking about something on the order of $0.5 billion. If in fact we build the sulfuric acid and then that would be in California, so it would be probably even more. So it'll be a very, very, very expensive endeavor, if there was a short fuse on a phase-out in the West Coast.
R. Lane Riggs: (50:13) can give you the specifics, they have been great projects. They've exceeded our funding decisions with respect to IRR. So They've been great projects for us.
