John Locke: Good morning. And welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you've not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our investor relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention now to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under the federal securities laws. There're many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
John Locke: Okay. Right now we have no change to the strategy to grow our LP primarily through the dropdown. We do believe a measured pace is prudent, and our guidance is still $500 million to $750 million that we gave in the first quarter call. We will continue to look at third-party logistics still that support Valero's core business. And again, in regard to the capital markets on the equity side, obviously, they've been improving and they have improved throughout the quarter. Debt markets look very good.
John Locke: Yeah. So, I guess, on run cuts, we continue to have margin to run in our system. We feel good about the fact that we have this natural gas advantage and feedstock cost advantage in the Gulf that puts us in a very good position globally in the refining industry. So, we're not feeling any pressure for run cuts, but I do agree that we're going to need some rebalancing in the market. So, going forward, I think you'll see some run cuts in the third quarter and fourth quarter. I'm not sure where those will occur. Probably Northwest Europe and some of them in the northeastern United States where you're already starting to hear some in the press of run cuts in today's market. I'll let Lane comment on the future turnarounds.
John Locke: I think we see good supplies in the Middle East, South America and Canada, as well. I don't know that we've seen a lot in terms of change in behavior from Venezuela. We continue to see good supply and will from Venezuela. The grades are a little bit different, so we see a lot more what we call diluted crude oil, or DCO, and less of some of the synthetic barrels (36:01) that type of thing. That's the only change that we've seen.
John Locke: Yeah, I would say a lot of it is really more a result of utilization, especially utilization in periods where typically we see refineries cut. So as I talked about, typically you get refineries cutting in the fourth quarter and the first quarter, and this year we saw refineries running very high utilization rates. And a lot of that was just due to the steep contango that was in the market.
John Locke: Yeah, so I think for us, on the Canadian heavy side, we pretty much are seeing all the volume back available to us. And the Canadian heavy barrels are being priced very competitively versus either another heavy sour alternative or medium sour alternative. So I would say that we've fully recovered from those fires so far.
John Locke: Yeah, I think we feel pretty good about the West Coast. It's a unique grade of gasoline in that market, so it limits some of the stockpiling of barrels, and certainly with the increased demand, the production – the supply/demand balance is much tighter than it used to be.
John Locke: I would say we do a combination of both, Paul. As you look, we certainly – we're making cut-points decision, it's more done on a spot economic basis. But when you talk about catalyst changes, then we're looking more – using the forward curve for those type of decisions.
John Locke: It comes into play, but for the most part, we're looking at spot economics on making cut point changes because we can do that day to day in our refining system.
John Locke: Thank you, Vanessa. We appreciate everyone joining us today. Please contact Karen Ngo or me if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, thanks, John, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we continue to face a challenging margin environment, which was further complicated by high compliance cost headwinds, but our team performed well, running safely and reliably while maintaining our cost-efficient operations. Turning to the markets, sweet crude discounts in the second quarter remained narrow as shale crude production continued to slow. Unplanned crude production outages caused by wildfires in Canada led to the tightening of medium and heavy sour crude discounts relative to Brent. More recently, with the resumption of crude production in Canada and the continued flow of foreign medium sour crudes to the U.S. Gulf Coast, we've seen discounts widening versus Brent. We expect medium, heavy and sour crude oils to remain attractive. On the products side, margins improved compared to the first quarter, and product demand in domestic and export markets remain robust. In fact, we exported record volumes of distillate and gasoline combined for the second quarter. Turning to our refining growth strategy, we successfully commissioned the new Houston crude unit in June. In addition, the Corpus Christi crude unit, which was completed late last year, ran well at above planned rates. We continued engineering and procurement work on the $300 million Houston alkylation unit, which we expect to complete in the first half of 2019. We also continued to develop other strategic projects that will provide octane enhancement, feedstock flexibility and cogeneration to create higher value products and reduce cost. Also in June, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the Parkway Pipeline, which connects our St. Charles refinery to the Plantation pipeline. With 100% ownership interest in this pipeline and the planned connection to the Colonial pipeline, we've enhanced our product supply options to the U.S. East Coast. This transaction fits our strategy to optimize through investments in logistics assets, which we expect to be eligible for future drop to Valero Energy Partners LP, our sponsored MLP. With respect to VLP, last week we announced the distribution increase of 7.4% for the second quarter, which keeps us on pace for an annual distribution growth rate of 25%. And finally, despite the lower margin environment, we generated solid cash flow from operations and stepped up our return of cash to stockholders through our buyback program. So, with that, John, I'll hand it back over to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: And Evan, we did take a good hard look at this. And obviously margins can be volatile, right? That's a understatement for the year. Last year they were strong, this year they're weaker. And so, we ran cases before we presented to the board the dividend increase, which really looked at different margin scenarios. And that's how we got our comfort level with it. I mean, we stressed it pretty hard. And, obviously, in this low-margin environment and with earnings where they are, we're still in a good position on the dividend. So, obviously, we did a thorough job on that.
Joseph W. Gorder: Paul, I would tell you, I don't think we've seen any major change. I mean, obviously, in a down market if seller doesn't want to sell for what the valuations might be, and a buyer doesn't want to pay for assets based on what we've experienced in the past. And so, it's always a negotiation when you're looking at it. But you raised the question on M&A, and if I could, I just want to stress the fact that M&A is a component of our capital allocation framework, it is not the component of our capital allocation framework. And unfortunately, in our last call, we gave the impression that there was a greater emphasis on M&A than there had been in the past, which we really never intended to do. We've consistently shared that we look at opportunities all the time. So, a transaction like the Parkway Pipeline acquisition wouldn't come as a surprise. But any M&A transactions will need to compete for cash with our growth capital projects and our buybacks. So, just to be clear, there's no greater emphasis on M&A today than there was two years ago. And our commitment to the other components of our capital allocation framework is really unchanged.
Joseph W. Gorder: So, I guess, we'll continue to keep an eye on it. We're not prepared right now to change what we've shared that we're planning to do. Phil, we're all watching this to see, are we dealing with a new normal or are we dealing with just a spike in the market that was driven by the financial situation we had last year. And so, we'll continue to eyeball it. We've got, again, plenty of assets that we could drop. We got significant EBITDA there. We continue to look for opportunities to grow the LP with potential joint ventures and some smaller acquisitions. But, we're very attentive to it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah. No, and that's a good question. So, we have a lot of activity underway right now, both for kind of organic projects, which tend to be smaller in their nature, but also some opportunity to acquire assets, really to extend the supply chain into – in all of our refineries. And so, Ed, we made it a point really not to get out over our skis and talk about the specific opportunities until we were comfortable how the business case looked and really to firm up the opportunity. But we do have a lot going on. So we are focused on continuing to expand the logistics side of the business, and obviously those assets would be those that support the system would bring to VLP some third party volumes, and then continue to expand the dropdown inventory.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, you know, Paul, the obvious operating strategy is to try to go ahead and continue to find ways to blend more, right? So, expansion of our wholesale marketing business is something that we've got a key eye on. Obviously acquiring terminaling assets would provide that opportunity. And then continuing to try to build the export markets to try to alleviate some of the burden of the RIN. Those are all things that we look at regularly and really ongoing. Other than that, you just continue to bang away on the rock and you try to get people to recognize the fact that the system that we have today is broken, that it is creating windfalls for some and it's creating disadvantages for others, and the playing field isn't level. And I can tell you that based on the conversations that we have, there's an understanding of this issue and there's an understanding that the RFS isn't intending what it was intended to do, which was increase the amount of biofuels blended. And we believe that that's caused by the structural problem that we've talked about earlier. So we're not going to give up the fight. We'll continue to push it, both from a regulatory and a legislative perspective, and then from an operating perspective.
Joseph W. Gorder: I can just comment on what we're seeing through our wholesale demand domestically, and we're seeing good demand through that wholesale channel. So, year-over-year, our gasoline volumes through wholesale are up 3%, and even on the distillate side, we're moving about 1% more through the wholesale channel of diesel than what we did last year.
Joseph W. Gorder: It certainly is a risk. It's always a risk that's out there and will depend on what the market structure is, but I think after we've gone through this period where the market's been weaker this year, I don't think it's as great a risk as what we saw in the winter where people were storing the summer grade.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, it would probably be hard to say that the RIN was helpful to the merchant refining model. Okay? Obviously, it's not. But then you get into what are the options for dealing with it, and I think I mentioned those earlier, Chi. Specifically from Valero's perspective, the retail marketing business isn't something that's currently on our radar screen. We believe there's better ways to deal with the issue. And so I really don't have anything to add to that, but I think certainly it's an issue that we're working very hard to deal with because it does. It puts an expense on the merchant refiner that he shouldn't be bearing today. And so that creates a real problem. It creates an unlevel playing field in the marketplace, and that's never good. So, anyway, we'll continue to address it the way we are.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, so – yeah, so we move an occasional cargo to Quebec. But even when we're moving it, it's not near the margin that we saw last year when the yard (48:32) was much wider.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Neil. I think despite the fact that we've seen very strong product demand, obviously, the refinery utilization has been such that supply has been able to keep up and even outpace demand. So, ultimately, we're going to need a rebalancing and see lower refinery utilization moving forward. So, I do believe that you'll see some refinery run cuts as we head into the third quarter and fourth quarter. I think that some of what happened this year is that with the steep contango in the market, especially early in the year, some marginal refining capacity that typically you would see cut in the winter had incentive to go ahead and run and produce the summer grade of gasoline. And so, it caused utilization to be very high, especially like in the January, February timeframe. And that's where we built the large overhang of products that we've really had to manage the rest of this year.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah. I'll start, Doug, and then let Lane talk about the projects a little bit. So, what we've seen in the market is actually the octane premiums on the West Coast in the Mid-Continent in the Group 3 market have been stronger this year than what they were last year. However, in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the New York Harbor we've seen weaker octane premiums. And so, if you kind of try to get your mind around what's going on, I think a lot of that is the fact that where you really can store gasoline is in the U.S. Gulf Coast and the New York Harbor. So, when we had that steep contango earlier in the year, people were storing gasoline, they were largely storing premium grade summer gasoline and high octane blend components. So, in those markets, in the Harbor and the Gulf Coast, as that inventory's come out, it's kind of caused the premiums to be a little weaker this year than what we saw in the past. However, in the Group 3 market, the West Coast market where you don't have a lot of capabilities to store gasoline, the octane values have actually been stronger than what we saw last year.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Blake. This is Gary. I think it's exactly what you said. We see, especially on gasoline exports, that we have a competitive advantage going to Mexico and South America. And then largely due to Jones Act shipping, we're not as competitive going to the New York Harbor as maybe Northwest Europe are. So, the natural flow of our barrels is to go south into South America, and there's been an incentive to send barrels from Northwest Europe into the Harbor.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Jeff. This is Gary. I don't think there's really a concern on being able to clear out the overhang of the summer grade spec gasoline and moving it out to the market. And, I guess, to your second comment, yes, we are hearing that there are people starting to put some winter grade gasoline into some of the markets, especially into the Harbor.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Brad, this is Gary. I would tell you that the big factor that we saw there, if you're looking year-over-year, was our feedstock costs. So as you're aware, last year we had a pretty good incentive to move U.S. Gulf Coast barrels to Quebec, and we had a very good feedstock advantage doing that, but with the Brent TIR coming in, we lost a lot of that advantage, and it's impacted our North Atlantic Basin results.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, Evan. Our dividend is a commitment to our shareholders and we do consider it non-discretionary. With our cash position and nearly $5 billion of liquidity we have available to us, we're quite comfortable with the sustainability of our current dividend and also the payout target of at least 75% of net income. And in addition, we're not concerned with the funding of our capital program.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Our target is based on net income, but we do understand in this lower earnings environment that we have to consider our cash flow generating capabilities and then also the drops to the VLP. So through June, we have paid out 156% of adjusted net income and that's about 42% of our cash flow.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, Paul. We haven't disclosed our 2017 capital budget yet. But notionally, we're going to be spending $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion on maintenance capital and roughly $1 billion on growth. Obviously, there's more flexibility in the growth category, but the projects that we're identifying are attractive, and you'd want us to complete these at those rates, at those hurdle rate. So, today we have lots of cash like I just mentioned, and a lot of liquidity and we're quite comfortable in funding our capital expenditures at those levels.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. So, on the cash flow, we had a change in cash of building (28:11) cash for the quarter of $1.1 billion. But of that amount, $1.3 million was due to favorable working capital changes. So, we had an increase in our payables and receivables, and you net those together, it's about $600 million benefit. We had an increase in our taxes payable of roughly $300 million and then we decreased our inventories in the quarter by about $300 million. So that nets to the $1.2 billion of working capital benefit.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. What I would say, with what we've disclosed and we have a large turnaround at Port Arthur in the third quarter and fourth quarter, that's obvious. That's a big, big turnaround and that is a known quantity. In terms of our, sort of, ratable spend, I would say we're still holding for this $2.6 billion, but we'll see, because, in terms of capital projects, the ratability is such that November, December it's difficult to spend a lot of money during that time of year. So, and I'll just leave it at that.
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. Roger, we disclosed the Port Arthur turnaround just because it was so material and we wanted to make sure it was out there. It's not a normal way we communicate in terms of providing any additional information on our forward-looking statements with respect to our turnarounds.
R. Lane Riggs: So, first, I'll comment on Valero. So, we have a strategy of planning our turnarounds a couple of years in advance and executing our turnarounds as they come up. We have a big system, and we feel like we, by virtue of being disciplined in doing that, we don't try to move our turnarounds based on what prompt economics are. Now, (27:07) rest of the industry, there may be some of that. I can't say that there's not. I'm sure that people are looking at whether the refineries are struggling from a maintenance perspective, they may bring the maintenance forward and just fix whatever it is. And if you want to call that a turnaround you might say that. I would say that's essentially about all that there is.
R. Lane Riggs: So, Doug, this is Lane. We still have a strategic view that octane has value. And it's really in the context of Tier 3 is going to destroy a lot of octane. And, of course, the autos, on a go-forward basis, are looking at higher compression engines. So, they may, in fact, want higher octane fuel. And the best way to make that, we believe is, it's finding to find a way to get NGL into the transportation fuel and then convert that to octane. So that's why we like our Houston alkylation project. And with that strategic view, we look at other projects to, if it meets our hurdle rates to produce additional octane in our system.
R. Lane Riggs: Blake, this is Lane. And the way I'll answer that is, today we have positive economics in the Mid-Con. Obviously, the region is landlocked. So, we get into seasonal product containments potentially in sort of the fourth quarter and first quarter if that happens about every year.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey. So, Jeff, this is Lane. I would say, we've been in a strong maximum gasoline signal for the most part, up until about a month ago. And so, our assets, we just had them pointed to try to make as much gasoline as possible. When you compare it year-over-year, there were times last year we maybe didn't have a strong signal to maximize our reformers as much as we have this year and it's really the naphtha discount. But I would just say that's sort of the year-over-year difference.
R. Lane Riggs: So, we are currently in, I would say, max-jet mode, so the decision you make there is between our cut point between jet and naphtha. And naphtha shows up in our sort of our overall results as a gasoline although it's not really. We export it. For maximizing jet – we're still actually maximizing gasoline is the next step, and it's largely due to butane blending economics. And it has to do with what we would call the swing cut (46:29) between the heavy part of cat gasoline and LTO and there's drilling (46:34) economics as well, to bring butane into the pull, so that's how we're postured today. But we're very close on all these things just because of where the relative cracks are. In terms of catalyst choices, FCCs, we can change relatively quickly. I would say, if we want – most of the time there we make a decision on whether we want to try to fill our alkylation capacity catalytically with like VSM5 (46:58) and not run as much rate. And that's normally what we do in the winter, and we're certainly looking at that, and I would be surprised if we didn't end up there. And on hydrocrackers, every three years we make that decision and that really is a choice between – it's not really gasoline and diesel in our hydrocrackers, it's really naphtha and diesel. And so we're still biased on the side of making distillate out of our big hydrocrackers.
R. Lane Riggs: So, this is Lane. We're always belt-tightening. I mean, we run our business very disciplined, we're always very attentive to all of our costs, and that's just the way we run our business. I would say our throughput is largely drive the – when you sort of compare quarter-to-quarter, year over year, it has to do with what our relative throughputs were through that timeframe that affects things, and obviously natural gas has a big hand in this. But those are really the two. When you start really looking at our – at least our cash operating expenses, it's really the energy and it has to do with our throughput.
R. Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane. I would say it's going to be roughly the same with the exception of where feedstocks are. I mean, that's really the only real major variable in terms of our capture rates. We'll start into butane blending at the end of the third quarter. That will affect it a little bit, as well.
R. Lane Riggs: Right. And then – but it'll – so there'll be a little bit of that impact. And the other one is, we do – as we've said earlier, we've disclosed that we have a big turnaround at the Gulf (52:44) in our Port Arthur refinery starting in the third quarter.
R. Lane Riggs: Over the course of the timeframe, most of the refineries, with the exception of – of our conversion units, will all be down. But it's really the crude and coking complex that will be coming down.
