Joseph Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. We are pleased to report that we had a good quarter delivering solid financial results. Our refineries operated well at 96% utilization allowing us to take advantage of wider sour crude oil differentials and weakness in high sulfur residual feedstocks. Overall, 2019 was a challenging environment for the refining business. We started the year with gasoline inventories at record highs and gasoline cracks at historic lows. We were also faced with narrow sour crude oil differentials for most of the year, primarily due to sanctions on Venezuela and Iran in addition to OPEC and Canadian crude oil production curtailments. And differentials on inland sweet crude oils narrowed in the second half of the year with the start-up of multiple new crude pipelines from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast. Despite this challenging backdrop, our team demonstrated the strength of our assets and prior investments to improve our feedstock and product flexibility allowing us to deliver another year of steady earnings and free cash flow. We demonstrated our crude supply flexibility by processing an annual record of 1.4 million barrels per day of North American sweet crude oil as well as a record of approximately 180,000 barrels per day of Canadian heavy crude oil in 2019. We also achieved another milestone by delivering the best ever year on employee safety performance and the lowest number of environmental events in company history, demonstrating our strong commitment to safety, reliability and environmental stewardship. We continue to invest in projects that enhance the flexibility and margin capability of our portfolio. In 2019, we successfully started up the Houston alkylation unit and completed the Central Texas Pipelines and Terminals Project. And we have several growth projects that will be completed this year including the Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation units and the Pembroke cogeneration unit. Looking further out, the Diamond pipeline expansion should be completed in 2021 and the Diamond Green Diesel and the Port Arthur Coker projects are still on track to be completed in 2021 and 2022, respectively. We also continue to explore growth opportunities in our renewable fuels business, which is already the largest in North America. As we previously announced, the Diamond Green Diesel joint venture is in the advanced engineering review phase for a new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility. If the project is approved, operations are expected to commence in 2024, which will result in Diamond Green Diesel’s renewable fuels production capacity increasing to over 1.1 billion gallons annually or over 70,000 barrels per day. We remain disciplined in our allocation of capital, a constant in our strategy for several years, which prioritizes our investment grade credit rating, sustaining investments and maintaining a sustainable and growing dividend. We expect our annual CapEx for 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion, which is consistent with our average annual spend over the last six years with approximately $1 billion allocated for high return growth projects that are focused on market expansion and margin improvement and the balance allocated to maintain safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. And you should continue to expect incremental discretionary cash flow to compete with other discretionary uses including organic growth investments, M&A and cash returns to our investors. Looking ahead, we have a favorable outlook for refining margins with the IMO 2020 low sulfur fuel oil regulation, which just took effect on January 1. High sulfur crude oils are expected to be more discounted due to lower demand as less complex refineries switched to sweeter crude oils. Valero’s complex refining system is well positioned to take advantage of the discounted high sulfur crudes and fuel oils as feedstocks. And our growing renewable diesel segment continues to generate strong results due to the high demand for renewable fuels. In closing, our incredible team’s relentless focus on operational excellence, a steady pipeline of high-return organic growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns should continue to position Valero well. So with that Homer, I’ll hand the call back to you.
Joseph Gorder: Manav, that’s a really good question and I’d love to give you an intelligent answer, but why don’t I get one of these guys cover it here. Gary, Lane.
Joseph Gorder: Doug, what I would - and Donna is exactly right. What I would add to what she said, you’ve got the sustainability aspect in a down market cycle which is something that we spend a lot of time looking at to be sure that we don’t find ourselves cutting the dividend. And you reinforce that by having a very strong balance sheet. But if I think about it longer-term, okay, and this is really where my brain goes, it goes to the sustainability of the growth of the dividend going forward. And we want to continue to be able to grow. We want to give our owners more every year. And the way that you go about doing that is tempering it a little bit. I think we started talking last year about moderating the dividend a little bit more, which I think you saw we did this year. And the other thing that’s really encouraging from my perspective is it, we’ve got these capital projects that are coming on stream. They are providing significant future earnings potential. And some of them are longer cash flow cycles, which we haven’t done a lot over the last bunch of years, but I mean, we got another renewable diesel plant, we’ve got the Coker. And then if we end up doing the Port Arthur renewable diesel plant in the future. These are huge EBITDA producing projects, which are going to really reinforce our ability to go ahead and continue to deliver dividend growth going forward. Now, I’m not making you a promise, because Lord only knows what might happen, but that would be our objective. And that’s kind of the way we look at investing our capital. The component part, the percentage of the total payout that’s made up of the dividend, that the dividend comprises, that’s not formulaic. It’s more us looking at all of the factors involved. And there’s a lot of sausage-making that takes place there that we won’t get into here. But I always want to be in a position when we do something like this to let you know that we feel fairly assured that this isn’t going to be an issue going forward.
Joseph Gorder: Okay. So, Paul we’ll look - we’re kind of looking at each other let us give -- take a crack at this and then we’ll give you the opportunity if we’re not answering your question to follow-up. Okay.
Joseph Gorder: The reality of it is we’ve got capacity coming on stream. We’ve also got capacity that isn’t running well and that in the foreseeable future probably won’t be able to run well. And so - and Paul if you assume at some point it’s a zero-sum game, there’s going to be a lot of capacity that shouldn’t run. Certainly - and I have a post-IMO world it’s going to have an effect on that. And so if you got poorly performing assets today, turning them around is a lengthy process. And then if you’ve got a marginal asset due to economics, you’re going to be the guy that has to bow at some point in time. So that’s why we look at it. I mean frankly our tendency is to focus a whole lot more on our business and what we can do to make it better and more efficient than kind of what’s happening more broadly.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Sam. So I think as we got to the back half of the fourth quarter, obviously fall turnaround season winded down and we started to see refinery utilization ramp up and with higher refinery utilization of course distillate production increased. And then overall, demand has been weaker than what we anticipated. So a lot of that’s been due to warmer weather. The warmer weather is somewhat offset, a lot of the demand increase we thought we would get as a result of IMO. In addition to that, certainly in the U.S. Gulf Coast we’ve had a very heavy fog, which has limited our ability to export the diesel to some of the export markets. In addition to that we’ve had very high freight rates, which again hinder our ability to export. Of course, South America is a big export market for us. They’ve had a lot of rain in South America, which has delayed the harvest. So again having a hit to demand. And then I think the final thing is there was a lot of pre stocking of very low sulfur fuel oil that happened in the industry. And so, so far it’s muted the impact that IMO will have. We certainly are confident that that demand will show up but it would be more of a second quarter type demand increase than what we’re seeing so far in the first quarter.
Joseph Gorder: Well definitely the strength of our partnership with Diamond helps us. They processed 10% of the world’s meat byproducts. So we’re in a unique position with the JV we have. Feedstock is tied to GDP growth per capita and that’s growing in the world. So it’s going to tighten up some but we still feel good about being able to source it and we don’t see that as a constraint with what we’ve talked about so far.
Joseph Gorder: In addition to that we’re - so Paul in addition to that we’re also exporting a lot of low sulfur ATV that we normally run in our as well.
Joseph Gorder: Yes there is. So, we have -- we primarily run the Canadian at Port Arthur in Texas City. We can also take it to St. Charles and we have plenty of capacity to run more Canadian.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we can. So, today a lot of the problem is certainly pipelines coming out of Western Canada are full but we buy out the pipeline and we also continue to take volume by rail. So I think in the fourth quarter we did a little below 38000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian by rail. We’re seeing those volumes ramp up in the first quarter and expect them to ramp up even more in the second quarter.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. No, Neil that’s a really good question. And you are right. We do spend a lot of time on this. And frankly I think Valero’s got a great story. Jason is responsible and John are jointly responsible for our efforts around this. And we made a lot of progress. And I’ll let those two guys speak to this in some detail.
Joseph Gorder: Yeah, we’ll see how it plays out. It’s probably too early to give a market signal on RINs prices as a result of this case really.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Theresa that’s a good question. Gary is close to this. Let’s let him talk about it for a minute.
Joseph Gorder: Yes I think overall as long as the U.S. production is having to clear to the export markets, despite where freight rates go. We’ll see good advantage running domestic light sweet crude at many of our assets. We also see that running the heavy sour and the high sulfur fuel blend stocks into our high complexity assets looks to be very favorable for the foreseeable future, as well as a result of the IMO bunker spec change. Outside of that, I don’t know what else I would add.
Joseph Gorder: So, what you’re I kind of touched on it a little bit earlier as we’re running more and more the resid doesn’t really have that much lighting components. So, as it substitutes and sort of move up either heavy or really - the real thing that we’re backing out if you look at year-over-year medium sour. So, what’s happening is we’re running more and more light sweet which -- what that’s doing is sort of it’s substituting for medium which does have some into it. So, that’s a journey we’re on. We’ve been signaling max light fleet crude and max heavy and we optimize between heavy sour crudes and resid. And so we’ll -- and I don’t know that we can go a whole lot higher, but we’ll just see quarter-to-quarter and see how much higher we can go.
Joseph Gorder: We are looking at it. Yes. And Martin and Rich are they got a team put together and we’re kind of down the road on this. I think -- I guess the real question that we’re trying to you always wonder about what’s the cost of care are going to be what the economics is going to look like on an investment in a project like this. So, we are looking at it though.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Well, those are two very different questions. One is do we think it matters from an ES&G perspective and I think it definitely does. We have a very clear view of what -- where things are going and what the world is demanding now. And we really believe renewable fuel is a key component of that. And the good news is that they both happen to be great businesses and we’ve got great assets and good teams. So, I think as time goes on, people will see that Valero somewhat differentiated perhaps from others out there because of these investments. As far as separating them off, my view is they are producers of motor fuels and different types of motor fuels, very low carbon intensity motor fuels, but they’re motor fuels and Valero produces motor fuels. That’s what our business is and we do it really well. And these are largely process operations and they integrate well, processes that we’ve implemented on the refining side are scalable to our ethanol plants and to the renewable diesel operations. And so I think frankly being embedded in the company, it brings more value to Valero that it would just split it out.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Phil, it’s Lane. I’ll start with - in terms of how we may be looked at our operating conditions and our operating envelope and then Gary can sort of finish up with the market. On the operating condition, we widened our window - our operating window to try to reach out and get more challenging high sulfur resid. We always - we’ve for years and years and years really for decade, we’ve been somebody who buys a lot of high sulfur resid to run, but we opened up to market [indiscernible] we believe the idea was - as the market changed and try to conform or at least to the IMO 2020 to some of these high sulfur resid would free up in the marketplace. And so we - and we want to get it the resid before it gets blended into the high sulfur fuel oil market because of quality reasons. So, that’s really what we did. We reached out and ran quite a few high sulfur resid that we have not historically ran.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Manav, which - I mean first of all, we did higher discounts crude oil discounts and obviously the resid discount in the fourth quarter. So if you’re comparing third quarter to the fourth quarter that’s part of the answer. The second part of the answer is we got better naphtha - better naphtha netbacks because naphtha price has improved over the quarter. And again, we also [indiscernible] butane. So butane when you compare fourth quarter to third quarter is our ability to run cheaper butane or at least blended obviously helped us with our capture rate when compared to the third quarter.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So I think for at least next year to two years, we see global oil demand growth kind of keeping pace with the capacity additions and we still think we have favorable balances between production and consumption. But then yeah, we start to show two to three years out that capacity additions start to outpace global oil demand growth. And at that time, we would expect to see some rationalization in the industry.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul. This is Lane. I’ll start. We’ve had a long strategy really dating back to 2011 to work in a very organized way on our reliability projects and what we’ve seen is our refining system has gone from say 95% to 96% availability all the way up to sort of over 97% availability and that’s helped us. We’re available when the market’s right and been able to perform better. And in addition to that we do believe that we’re the best in the industry in terms of understanding what feedstocks go where in the systems that we’re in and we’re highly adaptable to that. So, I think that helps us versus some other people in terms of our capture rates.
Lane Riggs: It’s interesting you would say they’re commoditized because everybody have tools. Everybody believes that they’re all implementing these tools and to some degree or another. I would say that I believe we are more integrated and more aligned on making sure that our tools are characterized the fees and we understand our units very well. It’s one thing to have the tool. Sometimes people have tools, but they don’t use the tools. We have a world-class planning and economics group when they do a fantastic job coordinating with our refineries in terms of having those sub models very well understood. Therefore we understand the operating envelopes and how those feedstocks are characterized in our systems.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, I think the situation in the Far East is just developing. And it’s really too early for us to be able to judge the magnitude of the impact that’s going to have and whether it leads to refinery shutting down or not.
Lane Riggs: Okay. Thanks. Chris [ph] our jet yield is about 8%. So we make 200,000, 250,000 barrels a day of jet. Some of that is contract demand and inland demand which is going to stay but a lot of it in our Gulf Coast refineries we have the ability to put that into diesel, if jet demand got soft and I suspect that’s what would happen.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, our economic signals have been to low sulfur out of the cat crackers. And we did sell quite a bit of it in the fourth quarter and so far in the first quarter we’re seeing the same economic signals
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So that’s -- obviously energy is a big part of the cost structure in our business. And it’s been depressed for a while. So it’s -- obviously it works not only to our advantage, but really the industry’s advantage to compete in the world. I mean natural gas as how we run these refineries largely. And it’s a big advantage for U.S. refining in general.
Lane Riggs: Roger, I want to add one line. I’ll just add one thing. I think what you’re really seeing is as we alluded to; we’re marketing for low sulfur VGO and low sulfur ATV into the low sulfur fuel oil market. And then what that does is that really is constructed for SEC - for gasoline because SEC are going to be cut. I mean, we’ve sort of talked about it over the past really for the last two years when we were talking about IMO and that part of it is certainly playing out. I mean you’ll see as the gasoline season rolls in, you’ll get a - essentially that market is going to have to compete for feed that’s into the gasoline market. So, it should be supportive of both really sort of both gasoline and diesel.
Lane Riggs: So, hey Roger, if you - this is Lane again. So, if you compare our guidance to basically first quarter 2020 to first quarter 2019 is pretty much flat. That’s sort of our large turnaround timeframe. And so I would just sort of say that’s flat year-over-year. But when you look at the longer term, certainly, we’ve had realignment reporting structures. We moved the renewable in the Diamond Green Diesel out and we’ve taken all the MLP stuff which would have been in our sort of cost of goods and it came into our OpEx. And so as we realigned all that stuff it sort of resulted in a little bit in terms of our OpEx a little bit higher. And then overall there are - obviously there’s some inflationary pressures in the world. When you - again, when you compare our overall cash OpEx performance on sort of what we would call a basis we are by far in the first quarter, so which means we are the pacesetters in the industry when it comes to cost.
Lane Riggs: Hi. So this is Lane. We’re not going to share our detailed volumes in terms of how we do all that. And obviously the relative margins are all a function of what the market is. They’re not fixed off one another. There is a dynamic market out there, that’s a function of the crude market, the high sulfur fuel oil market, the low sulfur fuel market, the latter two of which are still trying to sort themselves out with respect to IMO 2020. So these things vary just like any other feedstock that we run. There’s not a guaranteed margin relative to one another. And as all the refining capacity looks at all this and optimizes then if they -- the margins are going to be different over time. So, there’s nothing that -- there’s not anything we can communicate that you can hang your hat on per se.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, the second part of that in terms of I guess - how much of it showed up in the fourth quarter. We ran a lot of high sulfur resid, but we really didn’t see the discounted barrels coming in until about mid-December. So, it didn’t have a real significant impact on fourth quarter results and you’ll see that more going forward. But in terms of high sulfur fuel getting more expensive, it’s -- we’re still in the very early phase of what’s a significant transition in our industry as we respond to the IMO bunkers sulfur spec change. And so with a change of the magnitude, you would expect it to create some volatility in the markets and it will take some time for the markets to reach equilibrium. So, we certainly see that there’s not a lot of liquidity in the physical fuel oil markets we - there’s a lot more liquidity in the paper markets. If you look at the forward curve steeply backwardated and kind of showing fuel gets back to 60%, 65% of Brent which is kind of more where we think it will be. So, our view really in respect to high sulfur fuel oil and the crude oil quality discounts hasn’t changed. As the markets normalize, we expect to see the discount widen back out as the forward curve reflects, and as high sulfur fuel blend stocks have to compete for space with heavy sour crudes and complex refining capacity like we have in the Gulf Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So we’re -- when we look at this, it looks like that there will be plenty of dock capacity available but there are some periods of time where it could get very tight. And so our focus really has been to make sure that we’re connected to all of these lines coming out of the Permian and we can take barrels to Corpus or Three Rivers. And then we’ve also put effort into expanding our dock capacity from our Corpus Christi refinery. So part of that project is completed. By early second quarter we’ll have that project 100% completed and essentially double our export capacity that we’ll be able to put through our system. The second part of your question, yes, I would expect it to really affect the MEH posting first. And then, yes, it will probably work its way back into the Permian as time goes on.
Gary Simmons: Yes, so this is Gary. And yes we took bitumen directly from Western Canada and ran it at our refinery at St. Charles and have ongoing discussions with several producers. You can get move a lot more by rail, if you take the undiluted barrel and it would fit well into our system and we have plenty of capacity to be able to run it. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I think overall we’ve been surprised that asphalt margins have stayed relatively strong. We thought that there may be an attempt to push a lot of these high sulfur resid into the asphalt market, you would see weakness. But thus far, asphalt margins in our system have remained strong. And I wouldn’t say we’ve seen much of an impact at all on pet coke.
Doug Leggate: Hey, good morning guys. Joe I think this is the first time we’ve spoken this year so happy New Year.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the lengthy answer guys. My follow-up Joe, I don’t know if you want to throw this to one of the guys, and may I also offer my congratulations to the new officers titles in the team. But maybe Lane want to take this. But there’s a lot of chatter about new capacity coming online in back end of this year and maybe for the next couple of years. Obviously, things are kind of soft, it seems on the demand side given what’s going on with China. But I’m just wondering how you see the prognosis for the short-term IMO tailwinds transitioning maybe into a more challenging refining environment longer term? Are you guys thinking about that? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: Okay. We’ll watch this. I’ll watch with interest guys and looking forward to seeing you in March at our conference. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all. If I could sort of follow-up on that. Hi, guys. Joe, you ran higher than we expected in every region. Could you talk about them and that’s obviously versus your guidance. Could you talk about the pattern of higher volume? I don’t know if there’s a volume mass issue there. But certainly your capture suggests that’s not the right direction to be looking in. And furthermore once you’ve hopefully helped explain how come you’re running at the levels that you are right across the system, could you - and this is a follow-up to the previous question. Could you talk about any expectations you have for shutdowns in refining if margins stay extremely weak and potentially get worse with this whole situation in China? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Lane could you just dig in a little bit on that better than anyone else arguing because to an extent I guess the computer programs commoditized or not? If you could just go a bit down that that would be grateful. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yes. I mean I guess further to a previous question, we’ve seen big mega oil so you would think have a similar structure in terms of the refining footprint to you guys wildly underperforming against what you guys are achieving. So, it’s just interesting to try and establish what the competitive advantage is.
Paul Sankey: Yes, got it. If I could just ask a very specific follow-up. If we assume that there was extreme weakness in jet fuel demand what would that mean for you and the global industry? And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. Neil I’ll be glad to talk to you a little bit about it. And as you – the point you made about strategy is of course, correct. Two of our three segments are now renewable. We’re largest renewable diesel producer in the U.S. through DDD second largest producer of ethanol and we continue to look at that area and expand it as we’ve discussed. And we’re also looking at other low carbon fuels and ways to lower our carbon intense our existing business. So it has a business footprint. I think we’ve been evolving to as the market expectations have changed. I think you’ve done a job on that side. On the environment side, we’re very mindful about environmental impact. We’ve always been proud of our record. In 2019 we had our best ever performance on our environmental scorecard events is the lowest number we’ve ever had and it’s safety has always been a big focus of ours. In 2019, our refining employee NGL rate was our best ever and the combined employee contractor rate was our second lowest in company history. We think we have a good governance structure. 10 of our 11 directors are independent. We have substantial diversity is something we’re always working on. We have really good risk oversight, risk management within our governance structure. And then on the disclosure area which is one of the things you asked about, we’ve definitely beefed it up here in the last couple of years as we put more focus on the ESG area. In September 2018, we published our report on climate-related risks and opportunities. And we prepared that in alignment with the TCFD recommendations which seems to be more and more – our investors seem to be a coalescent around that as being the standard they want. There are a lot of competing regimes out there. So just good to see some standardization kind of come into play. And they were also putting out a stewardship and responsibility report annually where we talk about some about the carbon stuff but also about other sustainability-oriented areas and we’re continuing to work on that every year to try to make us better. And I know there’s been some large investors focusing on SaaS year as being maybe the standard. And once again outside of carbon there’s been a lot of variability in different disclosure structures and what people may want. So we’re taking a hard look at SaaS this year and comparing to what we’re doing to see if we need to tweak some things there are always looking to improve.
Jason Fraser: Okay. Yeah this is Jason again. We did see that in out of case of the Denver last week. And what it did was vacated SREs for three refineries, two of all the frontiers and one of CVRs. And the EPA has several options, including appeal, expect they will probably will appeal, like neither appeal and have the Tenth Circuit that - hear the case as a whole or go straight to the Supreme Court and we know they’re evaluating their options to see. So court took a reading of the statute a fairly constrained view that as far as I know has been done by court in the past but it’s definitely not in keeping with the view the judge had at the way they’ve interpreted the statute in the past. So we really have to see what the judge does with it to get an idea of how impactful this is. One important point is because it was at the circuit of the DC circuit, which is a decision the clients made and when they filed it, it’s only has legal effect within the circuit. So it only binds the EPA within those six states that are covered by the DC circuit. So let’s see how it evolves.
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. And this is Jason. And you’re right the tables that set the volumes expire in 2020. The program falls back into the hands of the EPA to set the volumes using certain standards as it got and it’s still open. They hadn’t signaled a lot about what they’re going to do, but we would like to octane fuels to be part of the solution. We think that’s a great answer. It’s great for the all those maybe for taxpayers, it’s great for us. It keeps internal combustion engine more viable in this lower carbon world and more evolving competitor. And its great for ethanol guys because they’re a good choice of low-cost octane. So really it’s a win/win/win solution that we would like to see the attraction. And we definitely are talking it up. We think it’s a great solution for the country. 
Jason Gabelman: Yeah. Hey guys, morning. I’d like to ask a question about the ethanol and renewable diesel segment. It looks like the indicators have fallen quite a bit from 4Q to year-to-date. And I’m just wondering what’s going on in those two markets? And how you see that evolving throughout the course of the year? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Jason Gabelman: Thanks. I appreciate those thoughts. And then if I could just go back to running resid high sulfur fuel oil. Can you just put some numbers around or discuss how much of that -- those intermediates you’re running and backing out crude as a result? And how much of that is incremental feedstock? And in addition to that, are there any type of indicative economics that you could give on running those barrels. I understand there’s a lot of moving parts, but are we talking low single-digit dollar per barrel, high single-digit dollar per barrel in the double digit range? Just to give us a sense of what the uptake is? Thanks.
Jason Gabelman: Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Blair from Tudor, Pickering, and Holt. Your line is now open.
