Joseph Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. The third quarter was another challenging period in which refining margins continue to be pressured by pandemic imposed restrictions on global economies. These restrictions have limited individual movement and in-person activities across the globe, resulting in lower demand for finished refinery products. This in turn, has created less incentive to produce crude oil and has led to narrower crude oil discounts compared to last year. Despite this challenging environment, there were a number of positive developments from the previous quarter, as product demand increased with incremental easing of restrictions on businesses, and the reopening of some schools. Relative to the second quarter, DOE statistics show the gasoline, diesel and jet demand improved by 25%, 7% and 57% respectively, which is in-line with the increase in demand, that we experienced across our system. Our wholesale volumes remain steady, moving over 50% of our total light products production. Our gasoline and distillate exports to Latin America and Europe were also robust in the third quarter. We exported 316,000 barrels per day in the third quarter, which is significantly higher than the 170,000 barrels per day we exported in the second quarter. We also saw a steady increase in our wholesale volumes into Mexico, where we have been proactively expanding our logistics network for the last several years. In fact, Valero is now one of the largest, private fuel importers into Mexico. With the incremental easing of restrictions and higher product demand, our refinery utilization increased from 74% in the second quarter to 80% in the third quarter and we increased our ethanol plant production as well from 49% to 81% of capacity. Our low-carbon renewable diesel business remains resilient, with another quarter of solid performance, realizing a margin of $2.72 per gallon and setting a record for sales volumes. In addition, we remain well capitalized. We ended the quarter with over $4 billion of cash and almost $10 billion of total available liquidity. While we expect margins to improve as economies continue to reopen and product inventories come down to normal levels, we opportunistically raised another $2.5 billion of debt at very attractive rates to ensure that we're able to keep our high return projects on track and to honor our commitment to shareholders. Even if the current low-margin environment persist for longer than currently anticipated. Turning to capital investments, we continue to execute on announced projects that are expected to drive long-term earnings growth. The St. Charles Alkylation Unit, which is designed to convert low-value feedstocks into a premium alkylate product, remains on track to be completed in the fourth quarter. The Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Pembroke Cogen project are expected to be completed in 2021 and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023. We're also evaluating a number of other low carbon growth projects that are in the development phase of our gated process. Now, we continue to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage with investments in our renewable diesel business. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion project at St. Charles, which is designed to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year to 675 million gallons per year is still expected to be completed in 2021. Diamond Green Diesel also continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review for a potential new 400 million gallons per year renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas refinery. As we look ahead, we expect to see improvement in margins, as product inventories approach the normal five year range. U.S. gasoline inventory is already in the middle of the five-year range. And although distillate inventory is higher than the five-year range, it's been trending downwards in recent weeks. Diesel demand should continue to improve, supported by winter heating oil demand and harvest season. Oil refinery turnarounds coupled with recently announced and anticipated closures or conversions of less advantage refineries, should also further balance supply. Although there is a lot of uncertainty in the market, we remain steadfast in the execution of our strategy, pursuing excellence in operations, investing in earnings growth, with lower volatility and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. Our unmatched execution, while being the lowest cost producer and ample liquidity, position us well to manage this pandemic induce low-margin environment and maintain our position of strength, as the global economy recovers. Lastly, the guiding principles underpinning our capital allocation strategy remain unchanged. There is absolutely no change in our strategy which prioritizes our investment grade ratings, sustaining investments and honoring the dividend. So with that, Homer I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph Gorder: Well, I think the backup, there is a lot of announcements out there and time will tell. If you look back historically, there's always been a lot of announcements and the announcements came and the projects never came, will it be different this time. It may be somewhat different. But you know, we're just confident in our ability to source waste feedstock going forward. Waste feedstock supply is tied to global GDP growth and our partnership with Darling, gives us the benefits of vertically integrated access to low cost, low carbon intensity feedstocks. We also get the benefit of Darling's experience in the global feedstock markets. Darling also helps us procure feedstocks from other people. So we just feel like we have a unique position here and that's going to allow us to maintain these superior margins versus the competition.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. Brad. That's a good question. Let me give - let Jason give you some insights here and then maybe I'll follow on.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, let me just add to this, I mean, there has been a lot of question out there, regarding the dividend. And I've been in this job a little over six years now. And we came out with the capital allocation framework and our approach to rewarding shareholders at that time. We have done nothing, every step of the way, but walk at top. And we've been very clear in our communications and we've demonstrated our commitment to our owners and we're going to continue to do that. I think one needs to decide when they're trying to determine who they're going to listen to and who really understands what's going on. There is going to be a management team and is demonstrated their commitment to their shareholders for six years or with somebody, who is taking a position from a basis of very little knowledge and trying to create opportunities for movement in the equity. And it certainly affects our long-term shareholders. So anyway I would, if I were you, I would encourage everybody to listen to us and listen to our messaging. And I think we've been pretty clear about at this time and I think Jason's answer was exactly right.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. So overall, I think you could see, we have full flexibility to pretty much not yield any jet and lend all of those molecules in ULSD and where it really does, it gets overall impact our refinery utilization. So the advantage of jet demand improving is that we can start to pull those molecules out and raise utilization along with it. I think, overall, we've been very surprised that the rate recovery of the jet markets, second quarter to third quarter was up 57% increase. And so far, the fourth quarter, the airline data - 15% to 17% increase in passenger headcount, which is encouraging. You know to - also go along with that, I would say, our nominations for the airlines it's - reserving are also up. The other thing you can start to see is jet, jet is now trading at a rate adjust petrodiesel maybe ULSD. I think that's the thing, that you'd like to see in the market is generating around - adjusted petrodiesel ULSD, which allows us to pull those molecules out of the diesel fuel and you will start to see that result in higher refinery utilization.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, I mean, you're right. The bonds are trading well. We've got a lot of cash given the steps we've taken, we still have our $5.7 billion of untapped liquidity, which we could rely on is, if we needed to - we don't expect the need more liquidity and I'm sure we could. There are other things we could do if we needed to. We feel like we're in a pretty good spot.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, the one thing I think that we see Paul is - there is a kind of stimulus package following the election. It doesn't matter which part you get selected is Rich referred to. They're going to have to get the economy rolling. And so I would say it is rolling off, but there is. Our view is there is going to be some kind of stimulus package. And any type of stimulus package. Just going to trigger greater demand for products that we produce. And so we're - all over watching it carefully and we'll - we are well positioned and organized company to deal with whatever comes, I think, we're not as pessimistic as many are about the potential outcome for a change of administration.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, let me just start and then we'll see Rich wants to add anything to this. But certainly, we do believe in the long-term viability of refining. I mean, it is totally impractical to think that we would live in a world over, certainly I would guess my lifetime. Because I know this is more than the couple of years, we’re losing money hand over fit. In my lifetime where we're going to be able to displace fuels, motor fuels, liquid fuels that are produced from fossil fuels. I mean it's just, it is part of what is necessary to makes the world function that we live it. And so anyway, we are believers in the long-term viability of refining. Cleaner fuels will be a part of it. We're obviously making investments to take care of that. But we do believe that our refining business is going to continue to be strong and successful going forward. So, Rich, anything on the M&A front.
Joseph Gorder: And you know, Paul, on the question of the future and positioning the company strategically for the future. We continue to work on that. And obviously, I think we've been a leader on several fronts. We were early to get into the ethanol business. Now we're looking at ways to lower the carbon footprint of the ethanol that we produce in - on market that into the market seeking, and rewarding lower carbon fuels. And the renewable diesel business is another example of that. We will continue to evolve the portfolio based on what the market is calling for and using the strong refining base that we've got, is a basis for the cash flow to do this kind of transition. But you know, and we can, I think we put out our documents now, what our targets are for further reductions over the - which now 2025 with already - projects are already approved by the Board. So we're clearly working this direction. We don't have our heads buried in sand on that front by any stretch. And will position Valero to be very successful for a very long time.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. There's a lot of things like that - that you take a look at. But at the end of the day, the economics just don't work and like the 45 tax credit. It is a key one, when you looking at the sequestration going forward, where day looks like you can or return on some of these projects into it LCFS market, as Lane said borrowing that a lot of these projects just don't have economics. And so that's why it's interesting to talk about it. It's like the topic du jour but is there - are these feasible enough that's one of things if we look at. And we're certainly not fair to announce that these step that direction is disappoint.
Lane Riggs: All right. So, good morning Phil. This is Lane. I'll start by answering it with on a near-term, the way Valero looks out - and where we've been running our system is trying to optimize at a lower utilization nature that we have the - be very selective on the crudes we run and making sure we have the molecule where we want them. Certainly and it's a challenging time to do that. You just got to be very careful, we've seen our ability to flex our refinery yields quite a bit, that you can do a lot of that when your lower utilization we've seen move gasoline yield. So roughly 17% distillate yields up and down 10%, which is a little different than when you're full. So in the near-term, you just sort of trying to constantly optimize your operations, obviously to cash flow here. Longer-term, I've sort of spoken about this in earlier calls, when a company or Valero looks at an asset, from a deciding whether we run through or not it's largely driven by a change in trade flow which means - what I mean by that is - you see there is lots of crude advantage or something has changed its products fundamentally changes it's sort of, I would say, it's gross margin competitiveness and here is and combined with obviously a big regulatory spend or CapEx. Those are really the things that in terms of what drives I think, companies - and company like us another company it consider refinery closure. And so when you think about that criteria, where do you see that - you see that - in the U.S. it's on the West Coast, and the East Coast and you've seen companies like those decisions. And certainly, we've always felt like Europe, because you know, Europe - they're bringing all their crude oil in and they're kind of - a lot of their products have to export. And that's a tough situation, if you don't have a structural advantage on OpEx. And so that's sort of my answer on that.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So you're correct. Our Port Arthur refinery, we had to close [technical difficulty] and are really, really come back up was impeded by the utility provider got really hit hard us. So it’s regional, sort of the utility provider and they had a difficult time providing power, they did a great job recovering, but ultimately that slowed our ability to bring the refinery back up. So we had some volume, where - how we would characterize the volume variance levels for those refinery.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So what we're really - what we're looking at right now is carbon sequestration projects largely and really trying to tie those two, the markets of - Mark was talking about. This is - where we think that we can make investments in lower our CIS of fuels and make them more competitive for these markets.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I would say, we're always going to manage it by being very careful what we've send out there. But we certainly, we believe ultimately the COVID will pass and gasoline and diesel demand will recover and you've changed the balances out there. So in the near term, it's an improved market for. So, while I think strategically we think we don't look at [technical difficulty] and take advantages of what - or at least in the near term, looks like a pretty good opportunity.
Lane Riggs: Thanks, Doug. Sorry, Doug, This is Lane. So it's that - that's on the lower side and when we talk about our spend or sustaining Capital. We're really talking about, is over three or four-year cycle. That's roughly the average that we feel like we need to spin. We have heavy turnaround years and lighter turnaround years. So you have to remember in that $1.5 billion is - our turnaround activity. So that's - I'll leave it with that.
Lane Riggs: Now, after the practice of losing money hand over - I kind of spoke earlier about the change in trade flow. And what I really mean by that is, you can really see that in some of those place or maybe product demand is falling. And they don't have a crude advantage. So that's obviously a part of it. I think. - and then I have talk about regulatory spend. The other spend they can have is [technical difficulty] a large turnaround like I don't want to say, it probably it's like an FCC sort of base turnaround, where you have the FCC and those end up very large. And that - well, that might be of companies that maybe have stretched balance sheet or are struggling and you had layer on of these other issues and based on their location that might factor into some of the companies, thinking about whether they either just sort of shut part of a refinery down or maybe consider something [technical difficulty].
Lane Riggs: Yes, I'll take the first part. So it's obviously still early, trade flows on regulatory environment, can drive some - how you think about assets, I think, the one thing I would [technical difficulty] government's intensions and plans and targets, we live in the aspirational world as the tendency to put. And lot of markets that are trying to do that or regulators that are trying to do to - their tenancies to put a goal out there, but the feasibility of the goals has a tenancy to push the goal out. I don't necessarily think that either California or the U.K. or Europe, you're going to have zero fossil fuels, gasoline transportation going for. Now with that said, there is what they're trying to do. And so ultimately, as I said earlier, what are we doing in West Coast, what are - number of very, very careful in the CapEx that we - how we run and we're very careful and trying to manage the cost of those refineries, whether it's through our regime, cost or current [technical difficulty] very careful.
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So I'll add to that - I'm sure some other people might want to well. So when we're looking at these projects - our first filter our first where we think about from developing them. It does improve our carbon intensity as Philadelphia at those market that's where we see the higher value per [technical difficulty] and we can get the biggest bang for our buck. And then we for a stress test, with the U.S. tax credit and trying to understand what that looks like as well. So that's how are developing and looking at these types of projects. On the hydrogen, we're just - we're starting to look at some of those things. Again, we're looking at in the context of some of our existing hydrogen plants and their technology and we have the ability to obviously get the carbon dioxide out of those streams to lower their intensity, not so almost trying to make hydrogen for fuel cells.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. We basically feel we're a long way from rethinking the dividend. At the end of September, we all saw - we had a little over $4 billion in cash and about $5.7 billion of liquidity available under our committed facilities. We saw positive signs in the third quarter, demand improved, export volumes picked up. So we think things are headed in the right direction. It's just a question of how fast, in course of vaccine would really accelerate things alone. Looking bigger picture this pandemic is an isolated event. And we very reluctant to revise our long-term capital allocation framework that served us well for so many years. With our cash and liquidity position and the way things appear to be headed right now, this time we just don't think adjusting the dividend something a step we're going to need to take.
Jason Fraser: Yes, I mean, I think there are substantial efforts here to pop-up the airlines and provide them with protections and we think any of the bills that are coming through, you're likely to see more support for the airline industry and obviously supporting them helps reinforce the demand for jet. So I think, that's where we would think we would benefit from that. I think that…
Jason Fraser: No, to be clear. And this is Mark. The tax loss that we're incurring, this year - we received the tax refund in April of next year. So that has nothing to do with what our results might be in 2021.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I can talk a little bit about that. As you know, our investment grade ratings are key top priority for us and we've discussed this with the rating agencies. We have excellent liquidity, which is really whether most key factors for them. They also right through the cycle for the long term, right. They're not just like the next 6-months and 12-months. And need to clearly recognize our strengths. Longer term if you read their reports, talk about our excellent facility, top operators. So I don't think there is any concerns on their part with us being investment grade. It also, the way we structured our debt. You will notice that at least our most recent offering, the big one was biased towards the shorter term. And we did that intentionally, we have a lot of maturities in '23, '24, '25, '27 and we have the ability to call the $575 million tranche through your floaters as early as next fall. We did have to give us the flexibility to deleverage more quickly, in all circumstances right. And the ratios we looked at, they looked at each agency looks at all the ratios, but they have their own ones or ones if they are highlight the most are versions of debt-to-EBITDA and retained cash flow. And those type of things and then net cash flow. I mean, net debt to cap. But they look at kind of the same things but we don't think we're at all at risk for investment-grade rating. And we did get put on negative outlook, when we did this last offering rating. And I could tell you a little bit at least about what, the way I think they were thinking about that. So each of them does our own analysis and has their own separate view. But really think that outlook change was mainly driven by the change in expectations for the timing of the recovery versus the assumptions that were made, when they last looked at us back in April. The deal in April was, if this would be a one to two quarter event with pretty full earnings recovery in the fourth quarter. That's what we were looking at. I think that was their view too. But there - that was before the summer infection spikes hit and things clearly going to take more than getting back to absolute normal in the fourth quarter. And we really think that view - that there is going to be delayed recovery, along with our new debt which will then will all lead to a longer period with elevated credit ratios. And that's really what the negative outlook reflects. They look out the next 12 months and are you going to have a higher ratios and what they like new regular baseline. And the answer is yes. And that is true. But it would - doesn't affect their view of us as an investment grade credit longer term.
Jason Fraser: Yes. That's right. I think, I can't remember exactly they stated in their reports. What I was thinking second half of next year. And they admit that they think Valero's thinks is going to happen more quickly and all the - what I don't think was as clear. But I think the next 12 to 18 months, generally.
Paul Cheng: The first question is on the cash tax refund. You guys receiving any given the tax law and you have tax loss carry-forward, maybe back into 2015, when you are making money. And if you are receiving cash tax refund from the government. Over the next 12 months, let's assume if you're still reporting loss, what percentage of that tax benefit would we actually we see it as a cash tax refund.
Paul Cheng: So - so in other words that 2021, if you have a loss those cash tax refund, we will receive in 2022. Any idea on the 100% dollar to dollar, or that is a percentage.
Paul Cheng: My second question is that Joe and Lane, if we look at the regulatory environment in Europe and in California, in both areas that the government is trying to detect their current law, saying that they will ban the sale of the hydrocarbon or to the gasoline or even diesel hydrocarbon base vehicle by 2035 or so. How that impacts your outlook on your game plan for the facilities in those areas. And - also that on long that way. Some of your bigger customers has been talking about energy transition plan. Do you think that is something for level need to have a plan.
