Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. This year has been challenging in many aspects. The COVID-19 pandemic and the ensuing global economic downturn has affected the health and livelihoods of so many people and has had a severe impact on all businesses, including ours. As troubling as our circumstances may be from time to time, it's gratifying to see individuals stepping up, selflessly helping those in need whether it be by providing health care to those that are sick or food to those that are hungry. In this regard, our team is doing its part.  As you probably know, Valero's part of the country's critical infrastructure. As such, our team continues to operate our plants, providing the fuel that our country needs to keep critical supplies and first responders moving. I'm proud that we have not laid off, furloughed or reduced the compensation of any of our 10,000 dedicated employees who continue to give generously, volunteering their time and working courageously and tirelessly through this difficult period.  Our employees are our greatest asset and the heart of our company. Their health, safety and well-being remain among our top priorities. And we'll continue to take the steps necessary to keep them safe whether they work in the field or at our headquarters.  In response to the COVID-19 pandemic-imposed shutdown, we had to make important operational and financial decisions. When the stay-at-home orders were first issued, we reduced our refinery and ethanol plant throughput rates to match product supply with demand. We saw demand in April bottom out at 50% of normal demand for gasoline, 70% for diesel and 30% for jet fuel relative to the same period last year.  As the stay-at-home orders and travel restrictions eased through most regions of the U.S. during the second quarter, we saw gasoline and diesel demand recover to 85% to 90% of normal, and jet fuel recovered to 50% of normal. We also saw a recovery in product exports to Latin America and Europe in June. As a result, we prudently increased refining and ethanol throughput rates in step with the increase in product demand.  We also took prudent actions to maintain our financial strength. We lowered our 2020 capital budget by $400 million; raised $1.5 billion of debt at attractive rates; secured an additional credit facility, which remains undrawn; and temporarily suspended the stock buyback program beginning in mid-March this year. And through all of this, we've honored our commitment to capital discipline and maintained our dividend as demonstrated by our Board of Directors approving a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share earlier this month.  Notwithstanding project deferrals this year, we continue to invest for earnings growth and are making progress on strategic projects under development. The St. Charles Alkylation Unit, which is designed to convert low-value feedstocks into a premium alkylate product, is on track to be completed in the fourth quarter of this year. The Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Pembroke Cogen project are expected to be completed in 2021, and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023.  And we remain committed to the expansion of our low-carbon renewable diesel business. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion project is expected to be completed in 2021. This project is expected to increase annual renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year, bringing the total capacity to 675 million gallons per year. In addition, the Diamond Green Diesel continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review for a potential new 400 million gallons per year renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility.  As we focus on the path to recovery with improving product demand, we remain steadfast in the execution of our strategy, pursuing excellence in our operations, investing for earnings growth with lower volatility and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. We continue to prioritize our investment-grade credit rating and nondiscretionary uses of capital, including sustaining capital expenditures and our dividend. This uncompromising focus on capital discipline and execution has served us well in the current pandemic-imposed downturn, and it should continue to position Valero well through the recovery and beyond.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph Gorder: And then as far as your -- no, Paul, and you mentioned the election. And we don't have a crystal ball on what's going to happen. But we do know that if you just look fundamentally at where we are, the products that we produce are necessary for life as we know it. And so you can have a lot of conversation around what we're going to do and what needs to -- but in reality, fossil fuels are going to be with us for a very long time. And demand forecast continue to be for increased crude oil consumption going forward as countries continue to develop and so on. So we just need to not get hung up in the -- think we're going to be in this dungeon that we're in now forever.
Joseph Gorder: So I would -- I'm going to say this right now, okay? The high end would be $2.5 billion and then probably $2 billion on the low end, okay? I think we just need to wait and see what happen. Lane's got us really well positioned on the execution of the capital plan that if we need to delay a project or continue to slow some of these projects, we'll do it.  I think we're very highly confident. We're just going to continue to proceed with the Diamond Green Diesel project.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we're not going to slow that down. So Paul, I'd say, $2 billion. And if we see the -- as guys have talked about, to get really back to a really strong margin environment, we need to see inventories come down some. That could happen sooner than later, but we just don't know. But I think to the extent we can restart some of these capital projects, we'd like to do it, okay?  I think we've talked before, Jason, we've talked about this, that if you're going to prioritize your use of funds in the company, one of the first things we'd like to do is go ahead and restart these high-return capital projects like the coker, then we're going to look at the balance sheet to be sure that we reduce our debt and that we build some cash. And then ultimately, Paul, we would look at share repurchases. So anyway, that's kind of our sequencing around the use of cash.
Joseph Gorder: But Paul, you know what kind of debt we've got out there. I mean, in the past, and we'll continue to look at it. We do regularly. But it's been prohibitively expensive for us to go out and call debt, okay? And so we look at it. And Jason, Steve looks at it all the time. It just hasn't made sense to do in the past, and we'll continue to look for going forward.
Joseph Gorder: So you want to talk about it or you me to? I'll tell you, it's -- again, I think the key to remember here is we're in kind of a funky, short-term, what we consider to be a short-term period, okay? And we're going to evaluate it. We don't know what next week is going to hold or what the next month is going to hold or the next year.  And so what we're doing is sticking to what we've done in the past, and we're comfortable with it right now. We are well positioned going into it. We've looked at how we're positioned today versus where we were back in '09 when we had a previous downturn. We stress test everything.  So we're not willing right now to make decisions with long-term implications based on what we consider to be a short term set of circumstances. So we're just going to play this out. We'll see what happens.
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. I'll walk you through it. So I'll start with gasoline. As Joe mentioned, we saw demand fall off to about 50% of what we would normally have. Our export volumes fell to about 1/3 of where they would typically be in the second quarter.  But as you mentioned, demand has certainly recovered faster than most people have expected. By May, we were at 77% normal gasoline demand in our system. In June, 88% of normal, and we've continued to see recovery as we transition into July.  On the export side, as I mentioned, we bottomed out about 1/3 of the volume we typically export in the quarter. By June, we were back to 70% of our normal export volume. July, with the estimates we have today, we'd be about 76% of normal on our export volume. So gasoline demand has recovered much faster than certainly most would have expected and appears to be pretty strong.  On the distillate side, the magnitude of the demand destruction wasn't nearly as great. As we mentioned, we fell off to about 70% of typical demand. But diesel demand recovered pretty quickly back to about 80% of normal.  In our system, we've remained about 80% to 85% of normal demand. However, that's below what the DOE was reporting. The DOE is closer to 94% diesel demand. I think the difference there is certainly in our Three Rivers and the key system, we had a lot of diesel going into the upstream sector. And with lower drilling activity, we're seeing a little less diesel demand than maybe we're seeing nationwide.  Also just like gasoline in the export market, we fell off to about 1/3 of our typical export volume in May. Just like gasoline has recovered at a pretty good pace, actually stronger. In June, we were back to about 45% of our normal export demand. And things have really picked up for diesel export demand in July. Our current estimate for July, we showed July export volume's 107% of where they were in July of 2019.  I think the other thing that's really interesting when you look at the export numbers is looking at those export numbers in light of the U.S. Gulf Coast diesel production. So if you look at our export volumes last year in July, we exported about 1/3 of what our refineries produced, the diesel they produced. July of this year with our estimate on exports to be 47%. So almost half of what our refineries are making are going to the export markets.  On the jet side, we can also seeing recovery in demand. This week's DOE stats would show jet demand about 60% of normal. I think the DOE data really highlights the importance of the recovery in jet demand because as jet demand has recovered, you've seen diesel yields from refinery fall off significantly. So where we've peaked at about 39% diesel yield, that's come down to about 32% diesel yield. As you continue to see jet demand recovery, you'll see diesel yield fall off from the refineries, which will really help the diesel supply demand balances.  I think on the jet side, that would be the only sign that we're seeing that's a little bit troubling. Certainly with some of the renewed efforts to slow the spread of the pandemic and many of the states shutting down, we don't have a lot of good line of sight into jet demand, but some of our nominations for August demand are down a little bit from what we saw in July.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think what we've seen, at least for the export markets we go to in Latin America, their demand recovery has been very close to the same type demand recovery we're seeing in the United States. I do think you may have some prefilling of inventories getting ready for winter, which could cause exports to spike a little bit. But in our system, we see a pretty steady flow of diesel volume to Latin America, and the volumes are fairly constant. Where we really get a spike in our export volumes is when the arb to Europe is open. And that arb is currently open as it has been much of July, and that's where a lot of that incremental volume is going.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So definitely, if DAPL isn't allowed to operate, it certainly will pressure the Bakken differentials. We could see that moving weaker. Enbridge came out yesterday. They have some efforts to improve their capacity to help clear the Bakken. Of course, through that Enbridge system, we are connected. We are our line 9 to Québec. So we'd have an opportunity to bring that Bakken volume to Québec, which would be a benefit for us.  In terms of the WTI differentials, I think with where we are on the forecast for production and where pipeline capacity is, I don't see it really having a significant impact on the WTI differentials. I think we're kind of in a mode where Brent-TI probably is in that $2 to $3 range based on the incremental cost to get it to the Gulf and clear.
Gary Simmons: Probably the biggest variance is due to the crude differentials. So crude differentials have been very tight, but we've seen medium sours move $0.60 in the last few days, and we've seen the Canadian heavy move $1. And so on our Gulf Coast, we run a lot more of the medium and heavy sours, and so that would have the positive impact on the margin indicator versus the other regions, which are primarily sweet.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think most forecast we see confirm what you're talking about. As total oil demand picks up, I think a greater percentage of that gets filled with more sour production.  Our view is that the U.S. will still be a net exporter of crude oil. And as long as the U.S. is exporting crude oil, we'll continue to have advantage on the light sweet barrels we're bringing into our system. And then of course, with the flexibility that we have, especially with our complex Gulf Coast refining assets, getting some more medium and heavy sour barrels on the market will help us as well from that aspect.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Doug. So I think for us, we've certainly seen spreads about as narrow as we've ever seen with our margin for light sweet, medium sour and heavy sour all right on top of each other. As we look forward, OPEC has 2 million barrels a day coming online in August. It looks like Canadian production will ramp up somewhere in the 200- to 300-barrel a day range. And so we're already starting to see that have an impact on the market.  I mentioned medium sour discounts have widened about $0.60 in the last week. Canadian heavies moved about $1 a barrel weaker. Longer term, the forecast we see show that as total oil demand increases, a much larger percentage of that total oil demand will be filled with sour-type production rather than the light sweet, which came off the market. And so we think all of that could lead to wider quality differentials as we move forward longer term.
Gary Simmons: We have seen some barrels from the [indiscernible] show up in the U.S. Gulf or on offer in the U.S. Gulf, which we haven't seen in quite some time. So Basra has been an offer, which we haven't seen in quite some time. So I think some of the barrels are making their way onto the water into the market. And some of that is also due to the fact it looks like Far East buying is down a little bit as well, which is also helping to pressure the crude differentials and make our barrels available to us.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think our view is we don't see where jet fuel demand fully recovers to where we were, and that jet fuel demand picks up and up to really correct the yield issue, which is where it gets really to Lane's point. For us to really see diesel inventories get back to that 5-year average low of total light product inventories in that 5-year average range, we really need to see discipline on the utilization. And to keep utilization down is probably the biggest key to getting inventory.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we -- throughout the history, we've really supplied the Québec refinery over the water, can fully supply Québec with waterborne barrels. Line 9 is an optimization for us. It's provided a nice economic benefit to us, but we have the ability to supply Québec either West African barrels or barrels from the U.S. Gulf Coast over the water.
Gary Simmons: So the line that's really close is Line 5, and not all of Line 9 is fed from Line 5. So even if Line 5 is closed, we still believe we'd have access to Western Canadian barrels that could feed Line 9.
Gary Simmons: That's close to how it would work. So there would be a progression that goes into effect based on your shipper history. And so where we would fall out on that, I'm not sure. But assuming Line 5 is half of the volume and everyone was to 50%, then would be 50% of what we normally ship through Line 9.
Gary Simmons: On crude, I guess, early in the second quarter when gasoline got very weak, we pushed a little bit more medium sour into our system to try to promote higher distillate yield. Since then we backed off, and we're in a real similar crude diet to what we typically run. And I don't see that changing in the near future.
Jason Fraser: Hey, this is Jason. Yes. I think you're right. With the liquidity we have now, the $2.3 billion in cash and $5.7 billion of other liquidity available, we do think that's adequate for what we see this -- how we see it playing out right now.
Jason Fraser: Okay. Yes. Our guidance on our capital allocation framework as we target 20% to 30%. That's a good guideline. There's not an absolute hard and fast rule. That's a good thought.
Jason Fraser: You're right. We're well above it. Now I think Homer said, we're at 96% year-to-date on payout. But with this being an extraordinary and short-term event, we're not going to -- we don't adjust that based on this type of a situation. So we stick with our guidance. We won't vary from it. I don't know if we have an exact number on how long we would be comfortable with that.
Martin Parrish: No, I'd just echo that. When you look at -- when you get to the true numbers, if you look at the carbon intensity, renewable diesel competes very well with so-called zero-emission vehicle. You're already up to 16%, 18% renewable diesel in California. You've got mandates out to 2030 in California and Europe, the clean fuel standard coming in Canada, New York proceeding. So we just -- as Rich said, we just feel really good about the future and the growth and just see this worldwide globally as in the fuel mix for a long time to come.
Martin Parrish: Sam, this is Martin. We're really just going through our gated process and the work. This is a new location. So there's other things that you take care of, the off sites, the integration with the refinery. So it's really not -- I wouldn't say -- I think commercially and operationally, we feel pretty good about where we're at. It's just really doing the work you have to do to get to a cost estimate and the rigor that we apply to these things.  So we're still on track. We're -- expect to make a final investment decision in early 2021. And if we go forward, we would expect to start construction in 2021 and operations commencing in 2024.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Neil, this is Martin. I can tell you, the second quarter was $1.93 a gallon EBITDA, which we actually feel pretty good about it. If you look now where we're at relative to the second quarter, diesel price's up $0.27 a gallon. The D4 RIN component with the multiplier's up $0.12 a gallon. So you're close to $0.40 a gallon better on the indicator margin than we were in the second quarter with those components. So looking out for the rest of the year, we feel really good about where DGD is going to be for the rest of the year and foreseeable future.
Martin Parrish: Well, right now, we expect RINs to remain supported in the near term. There's a lot going on. You've got low energy prices relative to agricultural prices, and that makes the biofuels less competitive, which typically means a higher RIN. You've got uncertainty around the small refinery exemption program. And obviously, effects of COVID-19 on gasoline. You just don't know if you can -- the gasoline pool will absorb the mandated ethanol volumes next year. So that's a risk.  And then the EPA, the 2021 RVO itself has been postponed indefinitely. So there's just a lot of uncertainty around the RIN right now. So as a result, it's higher. Once we turn the corner on the pandemic, we get lower energy price and energy prices, excuse me, recovered at higher levels, we expect the RINs to drift lower.
Martin Parrish: This is Martin. As I said earlier, we've seen quite a bit of recovery since the 2Q average numbers in both the diesel price and the RIN. LCFS price is flat. So I would say you ought to expect kind of what we've guided to before that we feel pretty good about third and fourth quarter for renewable diesel.
Lane Riggs: Doug, this is Lane. So we've always sort of had the view that really what shuts refineries down, obviously, they have to have some sort of fundamental issue, whether it's -- they're configured incorrectly for where the market is or some other structural things. But ultimately, what closes them as either a big environment -- a big regulatory change where it requires a lot of capital, and it just becomes like you should look at the whole sort of scenario of cash flow. And it becomes insurmountable, and you start trying to normally try to sell and then ultimately it shuts down.  The other one that does that is it could be like a big turnaround. We visited a refinery few years we've got back in the U.K., and that's essentially what got them. They had a -- they put off a turnaround and had kept doing that. And ultimately, that was a big SEC alky cracking complex turnaround, the cost of which got to be where it was so large, they chose to shut it down.  So it's really big refineries if they can just sort of kind of move along and manage expenses and things like that, but it's when if a refinery has an outlook based on configuration or fundamentals, it makes it negative to begin with. And then they had, there's a large cash outflow due to something changing, that's generally what gets these refineries.
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane again. So we ultimately believe, to get back to more normalized economic sort of drivers for our business, we need to get back into sort of the 5-year range for inventories. There's three paths you talked about. There's really how does the demand look, and how disciplined are refiners with respect to their utilization rates? And then, of course, finally, it's just a matter of how many closures there are. Our view is that we've been really impressed so far with the industry's response to this in terms of being disciplined and been encouraged by that.  But certainly, as we move forward, seeing how jet demand works and obviously, the seasonality with respect to butane going in the pool, we expect that utilization rates will sort of be commensurate with where the economics are. And somewhere, and then I'm going to say early next year, our view is we'll get sort of back into the 5-year range of inventories.
Lane Riggs: A normalized world looks like the inventories are basically back into the 5-year band. That's how sort of -- that's how we sort of look at it. And yes, we believe some more time next year, but we should be back into that sort of market.
Lane Riggs: Just what I'm trying to say is it's very operator specific. If you think -- if you like to look out there, the cast of characters, the people who are in this business, some people will respond by being careful, and some people might have to take an additional risk. And then it all -- and then it's just a matter of how it all unfolds.
Lane Riggs: Gasoline yield, it's probably to give you a really good answer in terms of if you were in a mode of trying to maximize gasoline and minimize distillate. It would be -- it's probably in the order of 50%, low 50% sort of yields overall. In the independents, it's obviously a function of different refineries. Our Venetia refinery makes like 60% gasoline, and so it's our Mckee refinery. Some of the more heavy refineries are a little bit different. So it's really a function of the refineries.  And if the world works out the way, where gasoline is recovered and jet doesn't recover and consequently, you got to be careful. But we'll certainly test the limits of that probably going into probably first quarter and going into second quarter depending on again how disciplined refiners are for the rest of the year.
Lane Riggs: That's an excellent question. We always -- because obviously, there's just different demand through time. And so it's not just -- we look at where inventories are in the 5-year range. That's sort of where we start. And then we certainly start looking at days of supply. And then we look forward, are there inventories that maybe the DOE is not capturing that's somewhere else out there. And so we look at all those things, for sure.  But I guess it's sort of at a high level, we're just saying there's the industry needs to be disciplined. It needs to -- and there's -- and obviously, demand's on its way back. We want to see what is normalized inventory to be in the 5-year range. And then we start looking at days of supply, are there inventories in unusual places that we'll take into account.
Douglas Leggate: And Jason, you're -- let me add my congrats. So looks like you're jumping into the fire at a pretty interesting time. So good luck with everything.
Douglas Leggate: Joe, at the beginning of this -- at the beginning of March, when Saudi launched its flow pillar of crude to the United States, I seem to recall you talking about getting calls relating to your ability to absorb that crude. And obviously, we saw a huge increase in export or import from Saudi, essentially at the end of May. That appears to have tailed off now. And I'm just wondering if you can walk us through your prognosis for heavy availability and crude spreads in light of what I just suggested.
Douglas Leggate: I appreciate that. So Joe, my second question, and I apologize in advance, it is a policy question in light of what we're seeing in the polls and so on. And it's really just ask you if you would mind articulating Valero's position on carbon tax, and I'll leave it there.
