Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team.  If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC.   Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks. 
Homer Bhullar: Yes, Neil, I think given the strength of our balance sheet in the first quarter and the fact that we're not really looking to build more cash, we had a pretty strong payout at 74%. And you'll remember, last quarter was 73%, which ended the year at 60%. So I think you can think of the 40% to 50% range as a long-term through-cycle commitment. But in periods where fundamentals are strong, balance sheet is good, like it is now, and sustaining growth CapEx and the dividend is covered, you can think of that as a floor. So the 40% to 50% as a floor and I think reasonably expect any excess cash flow to continue to go towards buybacks. 
Homer Bhullar: Thank you, Donna. Appreciate everyone joining us. Obviously, please feel free to contact the IR team if you have any follow-up questions. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day. 
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the first quarter despite heavy planned maintenance across our refining system. Our team's ability to optimize and maximize throughput while undertaking maintenance activities illustrates the benefits from our long-standing commitment to safe and reliable operations.   Refining margins remain supported by tight product balances with supply constrained by seasonally heavy refining turnarounds and geopolitical events. Product demand was strong across our wholesale system with diesel demand higher and gasoline demand about the same as last year.   We continue to execute strategic projects and enhance earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage. DGD sustainable aviation fuel or SAF project at Port Arthur is progressing ahead of schedule and is now expected to be operational in the fourth quarter of 2024. With the completion of this project, Diamond Green Diesel is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. In addition, we are pursuing shorter cash cycle projects that optimize and capitalize on opportunities and improve margins around our existing refining assets. These projects are focused on increasing feedstock flexibility, optimizing the value of our product mix and maximizing utilization of existing conversion capacity. On the financial side, we were paid the $167 million outstanding principal amount of our 1.2% senior notes that matured on March 15. And in January, we increased the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $1.02 per share to $1.07 per share. Looking ahead, we expect refining margins to remain supported by tight product balances and seasonably low product inventories ahead of the driving season. Longer term, product demand is expected to exceed supply even with the startup of new refineries this year and the limited announced capacity additions beyond 2025. In closing, we remain focused on things that have been in the hallmark of our strategy, maintaining operating excellence, executing our projects well, disciplined around our capital investments and our commitment to shareholder returns. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you. 
Lane Riggs: Manav, it's Lane. That's what I was going to say. But it speaks to the culture. Our culture is very much about high discipline, high accountability and teamwork. We make sure we get the right people into the right jobs and hold them accountable and making sure that they're -- and when I say the right people, they have to be people who are, a, competent; and b, they're willing to work with the other team members who may not necessarily be under them or adjacent to them and ultimately working on behalf of Valero.  And we have a high level of visibility with upper-level management because we're a pretty flat organization. So we all know the status of the projects. We all understand where we are in the development cycle and anything -- once the project starts. But I mean it's not like there's -- ultimately, it's about alignment, competency and accountability and that's really the secret sauce. You just got to execute. 
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. Not really. I mean we always look at everything. I mean if you look at the most prompt sort of big deal that's out there [indiscernible] we sorted as a corporation decided not to engage in that. For whatever reason, whoever the successful buyer they can sort everything out wants to liquidate some of the assets, we'll certainly look at them at that time.  But in terms of philosophy, we look at everything, but we also, as a company, because we have done so much buying refineries and merging and acquiring, we understand the full cost to make a refinery run it and certainly at the level that we expect. And so ultimately, that goes into the to our valuation models. 
Gary Simmons: It's Gary. I can -- I'll give you some insight as to what we're seeing in the market today and then some thoughts on your final question. Overall, we continue to see strong light product demand. In our system, we've seen gasoline sales trending at levels equal to last year. Diesel sales in our system are actually trending about 2% higher than last year. So I think when we look at all the data, we would expect gasoline demand to be flat to slightly up from last year. Vehicle models travel data is encouraging, would indicate we could see some gasoline demand surprise to the upside. Diesel demand flat to slightly down compared to last year. However, again, some of the freight indices appear to be turning and indicate we could start seeing better demand. And then jet fuel demand up year-over-year. I think that isn't really consistent with the sell-off in distillates like you're seeing. And I think some of that's just attributable to the fact that the market appears to be reacting to headlines. So in particular, you have the drone attacks in Russia, diesel gets very strong. But then there's a lag in the supply chain. So the physical markets aren't really seeing that interruption in diesel. In fact, Russian exports following the drone attacks was actually higher. And so now we're finally getting to the point where Russian exports are starting to fall off, but the markets have kind of dismissed that, and we've sold off pretty hard. I think diesel is too weak. And the 2 things I would point to on diesel being too weak, hydroskimming margins in Europe are negative, cracking margins in Singapore are negative and unless something significant has happened on the demand side that we don't see, we need that capacity to run, which would indicate margins are going to have to get stronger from here on. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think in order to see any meaningful changes in the price of naphtha or discount to gasoline, you really need to see pet-chem demand pick back up for naphtha and a lot of that is just tied to crude flat price. As long as crude flat price is high, it's hard for naphtha to compete as a feedstock into pet-chems. And so when that happens, then naphtha is trying to find a home into gasoline, which creates strong octane in order to be able to get it blended into the gasoline pool. 
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, this is Gary. I think we saw crude differentials move a little bit wider in the first quarter, which we expected and that was mainly just driven by demand with heavy turnaround season in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Demand was off a little bit and allowed the differentials to widen.  But we believe that the differentials will be relatively tight through most of the year until you get the OPEC production back on the market. At least the consultant supply-demand balances would indicate maybe third or fourth quarter of this year you'll start to see OPEC production ramp back up. I would tell you, we're not having any trouble in terms of availability of feedstock, it's just more narrow differentials than what we would like. 
Gary Simmons: No. I think a lot of that gets driven by availability of intermediate feedstocks, VGO. In a tight VGO market, then you're kind of forced more to swing either gasoline or diesel. So far, availability of VGO has been okay. We've been able to fill all the conversion units, but we'll have to see how that goes moving forward. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we see it exactly like you've described. This year was the year where you had kind of a peak in terms of new capacity additions. And then from this point forward, you get to where global petroleum demand outpaces new refinery capacity additions significantly, and we see several years of tightness. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. So globally, TMX doesn't have that much of an impact. It's just rebalancing the barrels. I think you see some of the heavier barrels from South America that were going to the West Coast won't travel there and they'll probably go more to the Far East and some more TMX barrels starting to go to the West Coast. So globally, not a big impact. We definitely see that hard-to-see differentials will come in because for a period of time here, we'll have the logistics to completely clear Western Canadian production and that could cause some switching of Mid-Continent refiners that they back off on some of the heavies and go to a lighter diet.  And yes, to your -- basically to your comment, certainly in the Gulf Coast as we try to run a lighter diet that's resulted in lower overall utilization because we hit light limits on the crude units. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think overall, the average crude gravity is up about 1.5 numbers, which certainly results in lower utilization because especially most new capacity all was designed for medium and heavy sour crudes. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think the rest of this year, it's really going to be a question of what some of the other startups look like. We've seen in the news, a lot of announcements of slowdowns, project delays, even some shutdowns. If that capacity comes off-line or slows down, how does that balance versus some of the projects that are starting up in the overall D4 RIN balance at the end of the year?  It's a little difficult to throw a dart and know exactly how that's going to end. What we can see is veg oil, whether it's BD or RD is negative. Ag products all look very long right now. We do see -- we were expecting more competition on waste oils. We haven't seen as much of that as we thought we would considering the announced start-ups. So how that balances out for the rest of the year, the thing there is we don't see any change in the RVO obligations. So it's still a question of how much capacity is going into a fixed credit bank in a fixed obligation.  And so longer term, if you look at '25, I would think the long-term outlook of RD is still positive because you look at the number of LCFS programs that are still being contemplated by legislation this year, the ramps in Canada and the U.K. continue to be strong. The SAF mandates that are kicking in, in 2025 in Europe, the U.K. are going to create demand.  And for us, diversification of your product away from California and your ability to diversify your product slate into SAF are going to be very beneficial to DGD. So I still like the longer-term outlook of '25 and beyond. '24 is a little hard to predict. I think it's still -- it probably still stays long in the D4s, net-net. So it might continue to be sort of a tough year.  We think the second quarter from a margin standpoint looks a little better from price lag standpoint, but the back half is still hard to tell with all the moving pieces. But long term, I think you still see a positive outlook, sort of '25 and beyond. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think my comment there, when you have cracking margins in Singapore negative and you have hydroskimming margins in Europe negative, it kind of tells you we've hit a floor, we need the capacity to run and I think you'll see margins start to tick back up. 
Gary Simmons: Yes, Paul, this is Gary. I think what we anticipate there's a lot of coking capacity on the West Coast. I'll just use our Benicia refinery as an example. Benicia was really designed to run A&S. And we think with the barrels that are coming off TMX both the heavies and the lights, you'll be able to blend those together to form something that looks a lot like A&S. And we would expect most West Coast refiners will be doing something similar to that. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our sales in Mexico have been consistent with historic levels. We're selling just over 100,000 barrels a day. We expect demand in Mexico remains very strong. We would expect to see that kind of ramp up later this year when we get our marine terminal in Altamira up and running, that will make us more competitive in the north and allow us to continue to grow volumes in Mexico. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we did 103,000 barrels a day of gasoline exports. We did 153,000 barrels of diesel exports and 25,000 barrels a day of jet exports. The diesel number in the first quarter was down year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, and I wouldn't read that as lack of demand. That was really a result of the heavy turnaround activity and just we didn't have barrels available for export. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I would tell you, in the first quarter, we saw a little lower demand, at least in our system, California for gasoline, which I think was related to weather. We've seen demand kind of return to normal patterns. And it's very difficult to just speculate and put barrels on the water to import the California market. So we don't think a lot of people are doing that, and you need to see the market react before you would go ahead and put barrels on the water for import into California. So we think there will be a lot of volatility and it really is all dependent on how refineries on the West Coast run throughout the driving season. 
