Joe Gorder: Doug, that's a good question. We'll let Gary and Lane speak to it in some detail. But, I mean, we've been pleased with the pace of the recovery so far. And frankly, I think, you're going to see it accelerate as the vaccine rolls out more aggressively. That's kind of an obvious statement. But, I think, sometimes we do take it for granted. If we can really get the government functioning appropriately on the distribution, I think, we're going to be in much better shape, perhaps quicker than we all realized. And we've got a member of our Board of Directors, who thinks that there is such pent-up demand, certainly in the East Coast where he is and other parts of the country, that when we do get the vaccine rolled out, we get a herd immunity in place, you're going to see this look a little bit like the roaring 1920s, and that's his point of view. And I would tend to agree with that. So, with that, I'll let Gary and Lane provide a little more color specifically regarding the inventories and demand.
Joe Gorder: Yes. Doug, I mean, look, we are encouraged. I mean, I think we're through the worst of this. And we're looking forward to getting back to more normal lifestyles here and certainly a more normal business climate. But, let me just say one thing before you get off. I understand that you're going to be repositioning this spring. And we've known each other for a very long time. And I'd be remiss if I just didn't say that without question, your wisdom and insight in this sector is unsurpassed. But more importantly than that, Doug, you're a very good man, and we're all better people for having had the opportunity to get to know you and to work with you over the years. And I, for one, am going to miss you greatly. So, I know we're going to have a chance to visit here sometime in March. But look, I just want to -- on behalf of the whole Valero team, I think, we just want to wish you the best and tell you thanks for everything you've done for the industry over the years.
Joe Gorder: Yes. And Phil, just -- I mean, from a broader strategic perspective, this 2 to $2 billion number is our target going forward, okay? I don't think you should expect that we're going to go out and spend $3 billion in a year. So, we've said that timing of capital spend isn't necessarily calendar year spending. And so, some years, it might be less than $2 billion as it was this year and some years, it's going to be a little bit more than $2 billion. But, the target range for us remains in that $2 billion to $2.5 billion range, and I think, it will stay in this $2 billion range through 2021.
Joe Gorder: That's right. Yes. So, it doesn't change our renewable volume obligation at all. And I agree with Martin, the uncertainty around SREs and just what will happen on the Biden administration is really what's causing the RINs prices to surge.
Joe Gorder: Hey Roger, we just -- I wanted to compliment you on your recent piece of work on the EV expansion and oil demand that was well done, very thoughtful and well done. And I would encourage everybody, if you haven't seen it, to take a look at it.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Doug. This is Gary. Certainly, getting total light product inventory, we built a significant surplus, especially early on in the pandemic. So, seeing that surplus essentially gone and getting back into the five-year average range is very encouraging. As you know, as demand starts to pick up, it will allow margins to recover much quicker. I think, encouraging -- another encouraging sign is the fact, despite the fact that we've had a surge in COVID cases, gasoline demand for the DOE is still a little bit above 90% year-over-year where it was last year at this time. Our wholesale volumes are showing to be pretty close to that. And so, the combination of reasonable gasoline demand and relatively low gasoline inventories has caused the prop market to be a little stronger. I think, one of the key things there is the stronger prop market has really flattened the curve on gasoline. And so, it's taking away a lot of that incentive to store summer grade gasoline, and that certainly sets up for a stronger driving season in terms of gasoline margins. As Joe said, I think, we view that we'll see gradual recovery. Second quarter, you'll start to see things pick up. And then we expect things to be fairly normal by the third quarter, with the exception that we do see that there could be a lot of pent-up demand, and people that are spending disposable income largely buying things that they're ordering are going to spend that disposable income getting out and on experiences, family vacations, which could cause a surge in gasoline demand. On the diesel side, as you kind of mentioned, diesel demand is really hung in there pretty strong. So, DOEs are showing over 98% year-over-year diesel demand. Actually, at the seven-day average in our system, we were at 111% year-over-year, so actually showing diesel demand growth in our system. I think some of that heating oil demand has been strong, a little bit colder winter this year, starting to see some drilling activity pick up, which, of course, helps diesel demand. And then, of course, with people spending disposable income ordering things, freight -- on-road freight, trucking and rail has been strong as well. As we move throughout the year, we expect to see some incremental diesel demand coming from ag, as you start to plant crops. And then, moving throughout the year, we also see that as jet demand begins to recover, it will lower diesel yields and help bring supply and demand into balance, which will set diesel up nicely longer-term.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Phil, this is Gary. I think, we have seen very narrow crude quality differentials. In order to get those widened out, we need more OPEC barrels on the market. If you look at most consulting forecast, they're showing global oil demand growing to the point where you'll need at least 3 million barrels a day of additional OPEC production online by the end of the year. And so, I think, our view is probably the back half of the year is where you'll see quality differentials begin to widen out. I think, that's further supported by, if you look at the high sulfur fuel oil forward curve, where high sulfur fuel have been trading around 90% of Brent, you look to the back half of the year, and it gets more to 80% of Brent, which is more indicative that we'll see those quality differentials widen out again kind of the second-half of the year.
Gary Simmons: So, Ryan, this is Gary. I think, the key for us, as you know, we pride ourselves on our ability to optimize our refining system, especially on the feedstock side of the business. And with the very narrow crude quality differentials, it's been challenging to do that. So, you get to the second half of the year and more OPEC production on the market, potential easing of Venezuelan sanctions, potential easing of Iranian sanctions. All those things will allow us to do more optimization on the feedstock side. And as we do that, our capture rates would go up.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. As Joe mentioned, we did put the Veracruz terminal on line at the end of the year. We have both, gasoline and diesel and tankage in Veracruz today. We're still doing some commissioning activity. So, we expect to have the truck rack operational in the next couple of weeks. Overall, our volumes for the quarter in Mexico were a little over 40,000 barrels a day. That's an increase of about year-over-year 145%. So, good growth in the country. However, from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we were down about 10%. The mobility data we see in Mexico is mobility was down about 20%. So, it still indicates we're continuing to gain market share, but we did see a big hit in mobility in Mexico, and we saw that reflected in our volumes. Moving forward, I mean, our -- we anticipate that the inland terminals associated with the Veracruz Marine terminal, probably come online early second quarter, one at Puebla and one in Mexico City. And that's really where you'll start to see our volumes ramp up as those inland terminals come on. Our goal is to get to about 80,000 barrels a day in that central system. The other thing that the Veracruz terminal does is it takes a lot of cost out of our supply chain. So, in addition to the ramp-up in volumes, we would also expect to see wider margins on the volume that we're selling in country.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I would just tag on to that. I think, the key for us is looking [indiscernible] and especially if we're able to ramp up utilization and it results in higher exports, and we have good margin to do that, we feel comfortable raising utilization.
Lane Riggs: Hey Phil, this is Lane. So, we did about $2 billion last year, actually a little bit less than that. We maintained our pace on spending on Diamond 2 and developing Diamond 3. And we believe that we can continue to do that if for whatever reason, the world's -- the cash is a little bit lower. Obviously, we want to get back to some other things at some point, but we can certainly maintain our spend on renewable diesel with our capital budget at a $2 billion level.
Lane Riggs: Manav, this is Lane. So, we obviously are very, very focused on this project, and we did accelerate because if you look at our spend, we spent more than we actually budgeted to try to keep -- to try to -- as we are executing that project to find every step we can optimize and accelerate the schedule and not do so by accelerating the cost of the project either. So, as you've mentioned, we are -- we have worked it really, really hard because it is such a good project, and it is a big cash flow generator for us. So, it's really we have expertise in terms of project execution, we understand. And Diamond 3 is essentially a duplicate of Diamond 2 and with a few revisions here and there, but it's largely -- so we've been able to accelerate that project as well. And we just -- because of our focus, we put our best people on making sure that project moves along as fast as it can.
Lane Riggs: Doug, this is Lane. I'll take a shot at that. So, the reason we choose some of these projects like the ethanol plants, it has to do with the gas that's coming off that plant is largely carbon dioxide. So, it’s -- we're not having to further treat it before we find a way to sequester. So, we're trying to understand that, how that works, try to understand the technology and not certainly all the policy and all the other sort of the regulatory regime is going to be around carbon sequestration. So, it's a good place for us to really start and develop projects. The other way that we can do this is with our blue and green hydrogen. We're gating projects in that. That will also affect the carbon intensity of our transportation fuels. Some of which we've done, smaller ones, but we are certainly gating some larger ones that will make our transportation fuels. Depending on what market we can target them in, we'll obviously be helped with the overall -- our competitiveness from a carbon intensity perspective will help us. So, those are all -- those are the things that we're looking at. But I think, again, we're trying to hit -- from a carbon sequestration perspective, we're trying to hit the streams that we see that are lower in carbon dioxide on that gas and maybe just something that's been combusted, it has a lot of other stuff in like basically nitrogen and some other things.
Lane Riggs: I guess, that will be me. Roger, it's Lane. So, we talked about this a little bit on some of the prior earnings calls. First, we've seen about 3 million barrels a day of refining closures. I think that we've been -- I don't know -- and I want to say pleasantly surprised but certainly surprised at the acceleration of some of these closures. Interestingly, a lot of it's occurred in the United States. I think that's a little bit of a surprise to us. But we've kind of done I would say our share or at least -- it doesn't mean that you won't have further closure potentially in the Atlantic basin on this side of the pond or maybe on the West Coast. But certainly, for now, the United States, I think about 800,000 to 900,000 barrels a day of announced closure. I think, if you look at trade flow though, where the closures, you could look for the closures going forward is primarily Europe, particularly Southern Europe. It has -- they don't really have access to an advantaged crude. They're more aggressive on -- with respect to their transition away from transportation, fossil fuel. So, I think that's where you'll see more and more -- that will be where you'll see more closures going forward.
Lane Riggs: Hi Paul, this is Lane. I'll just add one thing. When we're -- key to that trade flow and what we've always thought was more Southern Europe, that's going to be more exposed to closures, just because of where they're located in Europe and where the trade flow in crude is.
Lane Riggs: Hey Sam, this is Lane. I'll take a shot and maybe Gary can follow up, if there's anything. We're certainly positioned in the Gulf Coast. If recovery -- if things recover quicker, our rates could be higher, but we're trying to be -- we're obviously being very careful and trying to not get our supply line chain very extended. So, we have strategies around that, try to think about -- make sure that we don't have a lot of pricing exposure and trying to position our assets sort of in a conservative posture just to make sure that we're well-positioned going into this, but we can certainly raise rates as the -- if we see things getting better.
Lane Riggs: So Sam, I'll take it. This is Lane. We've looked quite a bit of diversifying into petrochemicals. We continue to look at it. We have a -- it's just -- it hasn't met our gating threshold. So, we would -- but we're going to continue to look at it, because obviously, it's something that we could do. It's not too far out of our wheelhouse to do. But, so far, when we do a lot of these things, we haven't found them to be better than some of our other projects. For example, renewable diesel projects, right? I mean, in a world where we're going to put money, that's -- today, that's where we put our money instead of sort of petrochemical path. It doesn't mean that we are not -- we're closed to the idea. But certainly, we like our investments in sort of this lower -- this carbon transition in terms of trying to lower the carbon intensity of transportation fuels.
Martin Parrish: Sure. Prashant, this is Martin. On California, obviously, the market’s been pretty stable as far as the carbon price the last few years. And then, the renewable diesel is the largest carbon generator. You step outside California, I'll answer that part first. What we expect to happen in the next few years is the clean fuel standard to be in place in Canada by the end of 2022. That will bring incremental demand in 2023. We've also got legislation in New York State and Washington State for LCFS programs. We think those states will implement an LCFS over the next few years. Timing of that is hard or impossible to predict, but we expect that's going to happen. Today, we sell to California, but we also sell to Canada and Europe. So, I mean, you're right. There's some electricity penetration, there's renewable natural gas, but still renewable diesel is the largest carbon credit generator. We don't expect that to change in the foreseeable future. And as far as the trucking, that's going to continue. Renewable diesel obviously is huge in that. California, if you look at their projections, they're heading for 2030, their internal projections are like a 40% blend rate for renewable diesel. We honestly think it might even be higher than that. So, there's really -- there's no blend wall. There's nothing to stop this. So, we're optimistic about demand in California, and we're optimistic about demand in other parts of the globe.
Martin Parrish: I think, what you have to think about there, Manav, is you've got the obligation but you've got a lot of factors right now. And RIN prices right now are probably more influenced by the SRE and the Supreme Court and what the EPA is going to do. And I don't know that it's really so much about the fundamentals as uncertainty at this point. [Multiple Speakers]
Martin Parrish: Okay. Sure. Soybean oil was up 17% in fourth quarter versus third quarter. But as you noted, our EBITDA per gallon margins were flat quarter-on-quarter. If you look back in the past three years on renewable diesel, we've experienced wide swings and feedstock costs, RINs enterprises, D4 RINs, ULSD prices obviously a huge swing there. However, our annual margins have been very consistent, ranging from $2.19 a gallon in 2018 as a low to a high of $2.37 a gallon in 2020. So, you can see that the earnings power is there and consistent kind of regardless. And that's because the market works to compensate, PAT prices go up, the RIN goes up anyway. So, it all kind of works in concert there. So, long-term, on the next foreseeable future, let's say, we're not concerned with sourcing feedstocks. We believe our margin history is a good indicator of what to expect over time. Any one quarter can be plus or minus, but over time, we feel good about this margin indicator. Then, if you look to what happened with the soybean price, well, soybean price is driven by global supply and demand of veg oils. Palm oil prices were first to move up because production growth slowed in Indonesia and Malaysia, due to a drought and COVID-19, lack of labor to harvest the palm. Now, you've got soybean production is pretty tight this year. So, I worry about a lower crop down in Brazil. Soybean oil production is going to be impacted. You've got the kind of the whole ag commodity index moving up, so that's moving up soybean oil too. And then finally, veg oil pricing was low as compared to ULSD in 2018 and 2019. So, we expected some upward movement relative to ULSD. In response to this, more vegetable oil be produced in response to higher prices. And we don't see a long-term sustainable shift in vegetable oil pricing relative to low sulfur diesel.
Martin Parrish: Sure. On the feedstocks, Roger, right now, what we're looking at line of sight to 2023, we feel very about procuring these waste feedstocks that we need. If you look at it now, United States, as far as used cooking oil production and [indiscernible] production, they're large. U.S. is the biggest around that. And that comes with GDP per capita and plus established rendering operations and everything else. So, we feel good about that into the future. If you look, the U.S. is the place to be, the installed base of renewable diesel is still pretty small, especially the guys that are running the waste feedstock and pretreatment unit. And there's plenty of waste feedstuff just to procure. As you look farther down the road, you get past 2025 out to 2030, we expect to see quite a bit of growth in used cooking oil production and the animal [indiscernible]. And a lot of that's going to come from Asia at that point because that's where the population growth is. But historically, this waste feedstock growth has been pretty significant. And we expect that to continue. So, line of sight out to DGD 2 and 3, we don't see a problem.
Martin Parrish: Sure. This is Martin. I think, the necessary step to ramp it up is really some -- you're going to have to get some mandates to require the use of it across the globe. Right now, it's out there. Is it going to happen? Yes, we feel pretty confident it's coming, but it's a big question of when. The modifications required at a plant that's producing renewable diesel to produce a sustainable aviation fuel, they're significant, but they aren't huge. So, we could pivot there when we need to pivot there. We'll obviously keep paying close attention to that and doing engineering on options. But, it's really about getting some mandated volume out there.
