Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We had another strong quarter with all of our segments performing well. Our refineries operated at 93% capacity utilization rate despite planned maintenance at several facilities. Our ability to optimize and maximize system throughput while undertaking maintenance activities illustrates the benefits from our long-standing commitment to operational excellence. Refining margins were supported by lower industry refining capacity in a backdrop of strong product demand.  I'm also proud to report that the Port Arthur coker project was completed in March and successfully started up in early April, which is a testament to the strength of our engineering and operations teams. The project is expected to increase the refinery's throughput capacity and ability to process incremental volumes of sour crude oils and residual feedstocks while also improving turnaround efficiency.  Our Renewable Diesel segment set another sales volume record in the first quarter, with the continued ramp-up of DGD Port Arthur, which was started up in November 2022. In January, we announced that DGD approved a sustainable aviation project at Port Arthur, Texas. The DGD Port Arthur plant will have the capability to upgrade approximately 50% of its current 470 million-gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity to sustainable aviation fuel or SAF. The project is expected to be completed in 2025 and is estimated to cost approximately $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to be 1 of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world.  In the Ethanol segment, BlackRock and Navigator's carbon sequestration project is progressing, and they expect to begin start-up activities in late 2024. We expect to be the anchor shipper with 8 of our ethanol plants connected to this system which will allow us to produce a lower carbon-intensity ethanol product and significantly improve the margin profile and competitive positioning of our Ethanol business.  And we continue to advance other low-carbon opportunities, such as renewable hydrogen, alcohol to jet and additional renewable naphtha and carbon sequestration projects. All of our projects must meet a minimum return threshold to continue to progress through our gated review process.  On the financial side, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet, reducing debt by $199 million in the first quarter and ending the quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 18%.  In January, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend on our common stock from $0.98 per share to $1.02 per share, demonstrating our long-standing commitment to stockholder returns.  Looking ahead, we expect refining fundamentals to remain supported by low global light product inventories, tight product supply and demand balances and continued increase in product demand as we approach peak air travel and summer driving season.  In closing, our team continues to successfully execute a strategy that enables us to meet the challenge of supplying the world's need for reliable and affordable energy in an environmentally responsible manner. The tenets of our strategy, underpinned by operational excellence, deploying capital with an uncompromising focus on returns and honoring our commitment to stockholders have been in place for nearly a decade and continue to position us well for the future.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph Gorder: And John, this is Joe. Just let me bolt on something to what Rich said. So it's -- we have a great team operating both of our refineries on the West Coast. Great teams are running those plants. And we have been very consistent and clear in our approach to the California business. That is we aggressively manage the capital, we invest to maintain safe and reliable operations out there, but we haven't invested capital in growing that business for many years now.  Now historically, California, in a normal operating environment, isn't a strong contributor to our earnings. We've always viewed it as an option on periodically strong margins. And if the margin caps are set at levels that remove the upside, the opportunity to earn a return isn't there the way it's been in the past and we'll have to evaluate our options.  Right now, Rich and his team are communicating to the California Energy Commission and others the concerns that we have, and we're just going to have to wait and see what happens out there. So it is an environment that is a difficult operating environment. I would not even take a shot at stating what might happen to the overall refining environment out there, but I can just tell you that from our perspective, we're just going to have to watch it and see and then we'll evaluate our options.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. And Matthew, I mean, you know our history and our tendency. I mean we're not going to oversell anything. So we'll just -- we'll see how the markets look. And lane's right, we'll operate as appropriate.
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. So, so far, our 7-day average in our wholesale system, our gasoline sales are up 16% year-over-year. Our diesel volumes are up 25% year-over-year. So our wholesale team continues to do a great job.  In March, we set a record at 998,000 barrels a day. In April, the volumes are trending right along those levels. So demand seems very, very strong in our system. And even the DTN data for the wholesale racks across the industry is very strong as well.  In terms of your question on diesel weakness, we're just not seeing it. I can tell you, in addition to the wholesale volumes, today, there's domestic arbs that are open from PADD 3 into PADD 2 as we're seeing a surge in agricultural demand that's going along with planting season. You also have a domestic arb open to ship from PADD 3 to PADD 1. We see strong waterborne premiums to go to Latin America. The transatlantic arb is open to Europe. And so for us, distillate fundamentals look pretty good.
Gary Simmons: Yes. In terms of supply, I think we were concerned that the ramp-up in sanctions against Russia would limit VGO exports and cause VGO tightness. So far, it looks like the Russian barrels are continuing to flow. And so we're not nearly as concerned about VGO supply as we were earlier in the year.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I'll go through. We have seen -- during the first quarter, we saw the supply-demand balances around heavy sour get tighter. Some of it is supply. You also see -- saw Chinese refinery utilization ramp-up, which put more demand in the system. But going forward, I think there are some bullish factors. Platts is reporting 500,000 barrels a day. Canadian crude production is off-line due to maintenance. We'll get that production back. Venezuelan production is forecasted to grow. And our view is that more Chevron production from that region will make its way into the Gulf as we progress through the year.  At some point in time, all indications are that the Lyondell refinery will come down, which will kick more heavy sour back to the market. And then if the demand and -- the supply-demand balances that are currently being forecasted are correct, at some point in time, you'll need that OPEC production back on the market, which again is bullish to differentials.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I really can't make a comment. We don't have a lot of insight into either one of those refineries.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our wholesale on the gasoline side, we're up 16% year-over-year. On distillate, we're up 25% year-over-year. March, we set a sales volume record 998,000 barrels a day. And then April, the volumes are trending about like they did in March.  So certainly, when you look at the broader DTN wholesale volume data, it's not as significant growth is what we're seeing, and so it indicates we're doing a good job of capturing market share.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Paul, our view is whenever inventory is as low as it is today, it just puts you way out on the margin curve where the slope is really steep and any type of market news can have a significant impact on prices and margins. So early in the year, the market headlines were all about losing Russian supply with the ramp-up in sanctions and it drove the market up. Today, I think people are generally comfortable that the Russian barrels will continue to flow and then a lot of concern on the economy and what happens with demand in the future. As I've said, we're not seeing any indication of demand weakness today, but I think that's a concern is what happens in the future.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think there are several factors that come into play there, Roger. Historically, we see an incentive to store summer-grade gasoline or components to New York Harbor. This winter, the market structure really made it where it wasn't economic to do that. And so we did build inventory for that.  And then, again, typically in the first quarter, you see a lot of volume going across the Atlantic from Europe into New York Harbor early in the year, and the strikes that occurred in France kind of minimized those volumes as well.  So we've come into driving season with 10 million barrels below where we were last year on gasoline inventory. So especially summer grade gasoline is very tight, and it is going to stress the Colonial system as we move into driving season.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think the way we would view it is much like you said, we would view it as it's kind of telling us where the floor on margins. It's not just Asia, but in Europe margins are negative. And so a lot of that is the distillate weakness. We still see diesel inventory very, very low. And we view that some of that capacity should actually be running. And so it's kind of telling you we're the floor on where margins are.
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. [indiscernible] some general comments about capture rates, sort of compare our first quarter capture rate to our second quarter capture rate. Holding all things equal, we'll blend less butane. So everything -- pulling everything equal, our capture rate will actually fall just due to butane.  And then as you alluded to, you look at feedstocks, what's the trajectory of feedstocks, they're lower.  On the other side of it, we're seeing big RBOB premiums versus CBOB. So to the extent that, that's not captured in our capture rate, that's actually a positive.  So there are several things you just got to look at. And what you got to focus on are the -- some of the drivers that may not be in our formula for our crack attainment and how those change relative to things those are tied to. An example would be Maya versus WCS or, like I said, RBOB versus CBOB. Those are the things you guys kind of key on trying to predict maybe how our crack attainment looks.
Lane Riggs: Well, I'll start on at least our system and let Gary kind of look at -- talk about the supply. The start-up of our Port Arthur Coker goes a long way to shoring up our VGO position. Essentially, that's where it is. It's taking resid and heavier crudes and cracking into sort of -- in the distillate and essentially a VGO boiling range material. So it allows us to sort of -- our requirement for importing VGO has fallen post the new coker startup.
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. So we started it up on April 5. I would say actually, this week, we've sort of ramped up most of the refinery up to where we're running. We're close to fuel to full. We're sort of from now through the rest of the quarter, you will see the [indiscernible] benefit of [indiscernible]. Clean start-up, as Joe alluded to earlier in his comments. It was done really well by our team. It's working just as we had indicated.  In terms of the contribution on EBITDA, when you take sort of the current volumetrics and use forward pricing on it, it's normally about $0.5 billion a year is the benefit.
Lane Riggs: So Matt, this is Lane. I'll start out with the first part of it. So the things that are contributing factors were we had backwardation sort of flattened out in the market on feedstock. That's always one you get. So market structure plays into capture rates in a big way. So it's tightened out some. You had wider differentials in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter on all the crudes that we run.  And then finally, there were pretty good jet premiums versus distillate in the first quarter. Those -- those are the other things driving our capture rate. With respect to the other on mentioned...
Lane Riggs: Yes, we -- this is Lane. We have a policy of not really commenting directly on our turnaround activity, but I would just take the guidance to be kind of where we think it's going to be.
Paul Sankey: Could you repeat the wholesale sales demand number that you just gave and explain how come, if I heard you right, that's growing so massively.
Paul Sankey: I'm in D.C. actually. On the IRA, what's your latest thinking on how that could impact your business in terms of the regulatory environment? We've had -- we've dealt with the California one, I think, on the call already, but if you've got any latest thoughts on how things in Washington are shifting.  And the other one, I guess, is a big deal here. Obviously, it's carbon capture and how you're thinking about that.
Paul Sankey: Yes. Got it. I think that SAF is definitely a very interesting one. Okay. And then generally speaking, in the market, we've seen margins come off an awful lot, which is a bit odd seasonally. Is there anything that you can observe about -- especially given what you're saying about your wholesale margins, your wholesale deliveries. The big sell-off that we've seen here is somehow doesn't seem to be entirely supported by fundamentals. We had a great gasoline demand number, for example, this week in the . Any thoughts on how Q2 is going to shape out? And I'll leave it there.
Unidentified Company Representative: Roger, this is Eric. I think we still see a big demand for SAP in the future. The EU just talked about mandating it beginning in 2025 and at increasing percentages as you get to 2030 and 2050. So the IRA isn't the only driver for SAF. I think, between what we see in different jurisdictions starting to obligate jet and make it a mandatory requirement as well as just the internal commitments that a lot of the airlines and cargo carriers have made from a corporate standpoint, we still see that SAF is going to be a strategic growth area for renewables.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, I think -- this is Eric again. In particular, we'll start with ethanol to jet. Assuming the Navigator project goes forward, that will lower the carbon intensity of our ethanol to a point where it will qualify as a feedstock into SAF. And so if you look at that as the precursor project that would then enable an ethanol to jet SAF project, that's one of the things we're looking at. Now that's years out from anything we would talk about in any sort of detail, but conceptually that's kind of what would line up that possibility from a project standpoint.  And then renewable hydrogen, that's another sort of horizon opportunity, that as you look at your low-carbon platforms, if you can make blue or green hydrogen, it's just another way to further lower your CIs on your low carbon operations.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. We've looked at the DGD cash flow, and we would still say we see a distribution in the back half of this year becoming an opportunity for the partners.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we're not going to give a number like that out, but it does look positive through the end of the year.
