Joe Gorder: Thanks, John and good morning everyone. The fourth quarter and the full year 2016 were good for Valero as we achieved our best performance ever in the areas of personnel and process safety, plant reliability, and environmental stewardship. We are very proud of our team’s exceptional execution, which we believe is imperative in our business and critical during the low margin environment like we saw for most of the year. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see good domestic demand supported by low prices and solid export volumes due primarily to demand strength in Latin America. While we saw seasonal declines in available margin in some regions, margins in the Gulf Coast region remained healthy and distillate margins in all regions were bolstered by a return to more normal weather patterns in North America and Europe. We also saw attractive heavy sour discounts relative to Brent. A persistent headwind again this quarter was the exorbitant price of RINs. We spent $217 million in the fourth quarter to meet our biofuel blending obligations. At this level, this is a significant issue for us so we continue to work it aggressively with regulators. Our efforts are focused on moving the point of obligation because we believe this will level the playing field among refiners and retailers, but more importantly, it will improve the penetration of renewable fuels, lower RIN speculation, and reduce RIN fraud. However, based on current rules, we expect costs in 2017 to be similar to the $750 million amount we incurred last year. Given significance of this cost to our company, this issue continues to have our full attention. Turning to our refining segment, we initiated turnarounds at our Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries in the third quarter. Both events carried over into and were completed in the fourth quarter. Our employees and contractors worked hard to safely complete these events. We believe distinctive operating performance is highly correlated to capturing more of the margin available in the market. In our ethanol business, we also ran very well and saw strong margins in the fourth quarter due to high gasoline demand in the U.S., strong pull from export markets, and low corn prices. Also in the fourth quarter, we invested over $600 million to sustain and grow our business. Construction continued on our $450 million Diamond Pipeline project, which we believe is on track for completion at the end of this year, and we continue to work on our $300 million Houston alkylation unit, which we expect to be mechanically complete in the first half of 2019. We also have additional growth investment opportunities under development around octane enhancement, cogeneration, and feedstock flexibility. And finally, regarding cash return to stockholders, we delivered a payout ratio of 142% of our 2016 adjusted net income, which was 78% higher than our payout ratio for 2015 and well above our target for 2016. Further demonstrating our belief in Valero’s earnings power, last week our Board of Directors approved a 17% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.70 per share or $2.80 annually. So John, with that, I will hand the call back over to you.
Joe Gorder: Phil and we have talked about this before, we set the 75% target because it’s easy to see and cash flow can move around, obviously. And Mike is right, looking at net income in a low-margin environment, we set an expectation and we consider it to be kind of the floor. It’s our commitment to our shareholders to the extent we can do more and it’s the best use for the cash, we will go ahead and continue to buyback shares. I think the move we made with the dividend this quarter clearly reflects our comfort level and our Board’s comfort level with the earnings capability of the company in a down market. And so obviously, if you look at a $2.80 dividend, it’s going to continue to be a more significant component of the 75% payout ratio. We are very comfortable with that. But we will continue to buyback shares and the guys will do it in the way they have done it in the past, to some extent ratably and to some extent opportunistically.
Joe Gorder: Yes. I mean it’s – and I will let Gary and Jason and Lane can – we can all speak to this. But obviously, you are going to optimize your crude slate. The big question around this whole border adjustment is how are the markets going to react to it and frankly, we have read everyone of the sell side reports on this and then consulting reports, as Jason mentioned and it’s got a lot of moving parts. Some people look at it on a static basis. Some have looked at it when you take into consideration the markets adjusting and some have taken into consideration the currency adjustment also. So right now, there is a skeleton out there that they are trying to put flesh on and we don’t know exactly what it’s going to look like. But I think it’s fair to say that we are going to continue to optimize our operation. And if you recall, Gary, I don’t remember how long ago, but we are running over 1 million barrels a day of light sweet crude and there has been times when we have run 600,000 or 700,000 barrels a day of light sweet crude. So, Phil, we have got the flexibility in the system. Gary, you want to talk at all about the markets and...
Joe Gorder: Thanks Doug. The yield obviously is a function of the stock price. And we can’t control the stock price. What we can control is how we reward the shareholders of the company and how confident we feel about our ability to produce cash flows, free cash flows within the company, that we try to manage, right and we do it through a capital allocation framework that Mike mentioned earlier. The dividend and our maintenance CapEx is non-discretionary in our minds and it will continue to be. So making commitments to our shareholder returns through the dividend is something that we don’t take lightly and we modeled extensively. The buybacks and the growth projects, organic capital projects and acquisitions are areas that we consider to be competing for the use of free cash flow. And we look at the timing on our project development activities. We look at the return on our projects that Lane and his team are developing and that Rich and Martin have and we compared it to the value of buying back shares. And so we make the decisions accordingly to provide the highest returns for the shareholder. I would tell you, I wouldn’t – I would be lying to you if I told you that we look at the absolute yield and say that is what determines our decision around the dividend policy. It’s more how do we feel about the cash flows that we can produce within the system.
Joe Gorder: So we have made the point all along that this is a market that we believe is right for manipulation and the fact that you have had this movement in it, it sure is based on fundamentals.
Joe Gorder: Well, I certainly think Torrance coming back online has impacted the market here in the prompt market. As I mentioned, we saw some weaker demand with RIN on the West Coast. But overall, LA is moving to summer grade expect today, which you pull butane out of the pool, which directionally tightens it [ph], next month, the bay will go to summer grade gasoline. So all of those things should directionally help demand and bring supply and demand back into balance.
Joe Gorder: I mean Paul, we are the lowest cash operating cost guys in the business and we don’t have any strong interest in balancing the market ourselves.
Joe Gorder: No, we don’t want to do that. But Roger, you are right, I mean, what Mike said is exactly right and it was characterized earlier. The Lyondell refinery is a nice opportunity, but they chose not to sell it. And we are just not seeing a lot of refining assets that are for sale that would add any value to Valero’s portfolio. So from an acquisition perspective, what do you focus on? You focus on the opportunities in logistics and other areas where you could improve the earnings capability of the company by improving your logistics, your feeds in, your products out, and then potentially upgrading your stream. So we are not in a position – we don’t believe we are in a position where we have got to go do a deal to balance on our portfolio. We will look at this a little differently and then we continue to seek ways to try to improve the quality of the portfolio we have got in place.
Joe Gorder: The need to get it back, I don’t think we have a sense of need to get it back. Would it be nice to have access to it? And Jason and the team are looking at the repatriation implications of the border tax adjustment. You always want to have your cash totally accessible to you. So, it will be great to get it back. But I would tell you that this – let’s just assume that we are able to bring it back and bring it back in good shape. The question is that what do you do with it? You reinvest it in the business? I don’t see us changing our approach to capital if we had the cash back, okay. I mean, I don’t think Lane is going to say gee whiz, now I can do a whole bunch more, because we are not holding back on things that we are doing today. So it will be wonderful to have access to it without paying any tax on it. That’s not likely. But I don’t think it changes anything we are doing, Chi.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I mean we have all adjusted to this. Really, the frustrating thing from our perspective is the negative effect it has by shifting the value of doing business from us to the guidance capturing the RIN. And so obviously, it would be beneficial to Valero if the point of obligation moved, which would reduce our burden. And frankly, we believe it would take a lot of the speculation and the manipulation opportunities out of that RIN market and it should lower the price of RINs. Now, the RVOs will have a factor on that and so on. But from a refiner, from an independent refiner’s perspective, it will be positive.
Joe Gorder: In interest rates, I mean it just – it provides an investor different option, right. But you still have the benefits of everything that you have today with an MLP ownership position.
Joe Gorder: And you are right, we don’t know enough yet about the infrastructure projects that are being talked about, at the Federal level right now, what the implications of those are. But any time you get projects like this taking place, they tend to drive distillate demand, of course it would drive gasoline demands also. But – then there is the other things, petrochemical feeds, asphalt, things like that. So we are actually encouraged by the outlook and by the focus on the infrastructure within the U.S. So we will just see how it all plays out.
Joe Gorder: Faisel, you should never ask us that question when you got a guy who is responsible for the MLP in the room. But to answer your question, honestly, no, we haven’t talked about an equity stake in Keystone.
Joe Gorder: We couldn’t answer that question. But – and I think Mike answered it properly. It’s – we sure don’t want to signal our timing on our buying, but we look at what we view to be the earnings capability of this company. And if the returns on the buybacks are better than the returns on the growth CapEx project, then we are going to buyback shares. We said for years that we are not going to hoard cash, to the extent that we produce free cash flow. We will continue to look at the buybacks.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Jason did talk to that earlier. Just want to give him the likelihood and then we can talk, Gary or we can talk about the other components of that question.
Joe Gorder: And then Gary as far as well – Paul, it comes down to how are the markets going to react to this, right. And we have read all of the reports and we have read the consultants reports. Something is going to be good for refining, something that may not be as good for refining. And we talked earlier about the fact that we can adjust for the crude slate. But Gary, the markets are going to react.
Joe Gorder: The interesting thing was, I guess at Port Arthur, you were able to increase overall run rates, throughput rates, because we were running the lighter slate. So Paul, we will be able to flex the system to deal with it. I guess the question is how to – how do the global crude markets respond to the duty, do they price to continue to push their barrels into the market or do they find a different home. And I think Gary has made the comment in several of the meetings that we have had that the natural home for a lot of the heavy sour crudes tends to be in the U.S. Gulf Coast refining system. So I don’t know if that changes in any material way.
Joe Gorder: Look that is certainly what we have read also, okay. And I think your friends at Goldman did a report here recently that I have gotten to study, but I thought okay, maybe they moved up and then they move back down, something rise, the market suggest to it. So Paul, the interesting thing is because this is kind of a topic du jour, right. But none of us – they got the skeleton out there and the House seems very committed to this today. But they don’t have the flesh on the bones. There is lots of conversations that are taking place around do you have carve-outs, don’t you have carve-outs and so on. I think what I have encouraged our investor base to do is just let’s be patient, not over-reactive and let’s just see how it shakes out. We will adjust to maximize the value to the company, but I don’t think anybody knows enough yet to really understand what the full implications are. And then when we have seen changes like this, the markets tend to respond. So here again, we don’t have a great deal of concern and consternation around us right now. We are just trying to understand it better.
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. I will give you a heads-up on where we are with the house tax blueprint. And we have read all of your reports. As you know, there are greatly differing opinions on the blueprints, including the border tax, border adjustment tax aspect, how it affects our industry, and Valero. We are performing our own analysis as well as working through scenarios with AFPM, our trade association. We are also engaged with the legislative process. We are at the very early stages. No legislative tax has been released by the ways and means committee yet, so we are not sure exactly what’s going to be in it. But we are going to continue to work this issue. Regarding the likelihood of passage, you guys know that any kind of major legislative change like this is difficult to pass. If there isn’t bipartisan support, the Republicans may have to use the budget reconciliation process. We also have a new administration which adds another variable. So it’s really hard to handicap at this stage how it’s likely to turn out.
Jason Fraser: Sure. Yes. To talk about the point of obligation effort meant maybe somebody else can speak to the RIN price. The comment on our petition to change the point of obligation is February 22, so that period is still open and there is till comments being generated. We firmly believe that once all the evidence is reviewed, the EPA is going to agree to the change the point of obligation. Regarding the introduction of the process, the Attorney General Pruitt as EPA Administrator, which has been there is some discussion about that is whether that will change the dynamic. In his confirmation hearing, he said he would administer the RFS in accordance with Congress’ statutory objectives and he would make a decision based on the evidence and their administrative record. And it all sounds great to us, that’s all we would ever ask for. So we think that after hearing all the arguments and reviewing the facts and what’s in the record and consulting with the staff that they are going to agree that it should be moved. So we don’t really see anything changed due to this changeover of administrators.
Jason Fraser: Yes. We really at this stage, we haven’t put a handicap on the likelihood yet. It’s so early, we don’t even have any draft on legislative tax floating around the committee, so we don’t feel it’s proper for us to try to guesstimate that now.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Phil, this is Mike. We continue to spend our discretionary cash according to our capital allocation framework. When we look at how much we are going to buyback in a particular quarter, we do look at the net income, but we also consider cash flow, and so for the quarter or for 2016, we did have 142% of net income and that equated to 51% of cash flow.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, not suggesting that as our overall guidance, but in a lower margin environment where net income is hit with our depreciation, we do take that into consideration when we are returning to our shareholders.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yes, Neil, I can do that. Okay. First, on our tax rate for the quarter, we were 21% versus our guidance of 31%. We had a couple of things going on there. First, we had higher income than previously projected with most of this being in Canada and the UK, which has the lower statutory tax rate. So that was worth about 3% on the tax rate. Next on a few of our tax audits, the statute of limitations expired, therefore, we reversed reserves associated with these audits and those reversals, along with a few other small adjustments was about 7% on our tax rate. Okay. We had a few items that we did -- we chose not to identify them as special items for this earnings call, but I will walk through those. First and you talked about one already, the debt prepayment penalty. We inadvertently on our last call included that penalty in interest expense. It actually flowed through other income. That was a charge of about $42 million. Offsetting that, however, was kind of a unique item. It’s the Canadian commercial paper recovery. Back in 2009, we wrote off that investment. Part of the deal, we exchanged our commercial paper for some notes. And in the fourth quarter, we received payment on those notes and that was about $50 million. So, those two kind of offset each other in other income. And then lastly, we had in the fourth quarter a LIFO charge. We had a decrement and we had a LIFO charge of about $55 million. So we chose not to identify any of these four items as a special, but I did want to go over that. So in summary, we had two expense items, the debt prepayment and the LIFO charge. We had one income item, commercial paper recovery and then we had the lower tax rates. So when you net those four items together, that was $0.02 per share on our earnings.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, yes, Lyondell did pull their refinery back for now. Other than a few things on the West Coast, there are no opportunities really for the refining space presently.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Roughly at the end of the year, we had about $2 billion of cash that was in the UK and in Canada. So presently – okay, our current structure that we have today would allow us to move most of the cash back to the U.S. without incurring a significant tax penalty. We haven’t needed to do that presently given where our U.S. cash balance is as well.
Mike Ciskowski: I mean the lower corporate tax rate, if that’s what gets put in place, obviously would make the corporation a little more attractive. However, the MLP will still have the tax advantages structure versus the corporation.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I mean we don’t have specific seasonal targets for our buybacks. It’s on an annual basis, at least 75% of net income. And our program does consist of both somewhat ratable purchases, but also opportunistic purchases, too. So we just evaluate when we want to accelerate that depending on the stock price.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So if you just look really over the last several years, our strategic objectives have been around developing feedstock flexibility and developing export markets. And so we believe that puts us in a really good position to be able to handle whatever the border tax may throw our way.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Neil, I guess to me when you look at the DOE numbers, it’s always difficult this early in the year to tell a lot from the numbers. But certainly, when you look at gasoline demand, we were trending below last year’s level. Last week stat showed gasoline demand really at the lower end of the 5-year range. The part to me, though, when you look at implied demand, which includes the exports, implied demand is actually tracking above last year’s level, which is a little confusing. It’s certainly confusing to us when we look at our operations, because what we have seen in our operations in the Gulf is we have had a number of weather impacts in the Gulf, primarily fog, which has hindered our visibility to really load ships, which hinders our ability to do the exports. So at least, in our minds, the exports in the DOEs are probably overstated, which would in turn tell you that domestic demand is understated. And so I think you will see a revision in the stats to where exports will be lowered and the domestic demand raise, but we will have to see how that plays out. Really, when you look regionally, we don’t see any indication to believe that domestic demand is down. You have a few locations. We had high levels of rain on the West Coast, which hindered our demand there. You had some instances in the Upper Midwest with some ice storms, but none of that is abnormal. So I don’t think we see anything that tells us demand this year is going to be dramatically different than what we saw last year.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I would say PADD III is definitely is a result of fog. And weather clears and you will start to see the PADD III market clear. Obviously, the concern is the PADD I market. And our hope certainly was, with less carry in the market, you would see less of an incentive to put barrels into New York harbor and store them for summer. And really, we have been on a similar trajectory is what we were last year. I think the only thing that we see that’s different in the market we don’t have a lot of line of sight to the barrels people are putting into tanks, but it does look to us like a lot more of the inventory this year is a winter grade gasoline which if that’s true you should see play out is before RVP transition, people will have to liquidate those barrels and the market will get a little soft, but then you should see inventory cleanup before you get to gasoline season. To your comment, I do think part of this is obviously the utilization rates are just too high and we are producing more diesel and gasoline than the market can absorb. When you look at the Northwest Europe crack, it looks like this week we have gone below a level where we generally start to see some run cuts in Northwest Europe. I also believe regionally, the Rocky Mountain region, the Upper Midwest Chicago market, those markets are long and you will see some run cuts there. So, you combine that with turnaround activity and I think you will start to see inventories come back in line.
Gary Simmons: You bet. Hey, Doug, this is Gary. What we have seen is we have certainly seen some impact to the OPEC cuts. Our crude allocations have been cut a little bit primarily from Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. But we have seen minimal impact to our system from the cuts. We continue to see good availability of grades from Latin America, Canada and U.S. sources to replace the volumes that have been lost from OPEC. Thus far, the impact from the cuts has really been offset by lower refinery demand due to refinery turnarounds. So it will probably be April, May before the full impact if any cuts are seen. Directionally, we really didn’t see the meetings to how our discounts react at all to the OPEC cuts. When the cuts were announced, you saw an increase in flat price but the discounts really didn’t change. Here over the last week, the medium sour discounts have come in a little bit, but we have actually seen heavy sour discounts move wider. PMI adjusted their K factor to make [indiscernible] a little more – the discount a little wider, and I think they had to do that to compete with the Canadians. So we have seen heavy discounts actually move wider. We always look at 3% fuel oil as kind of a leading indicator of where the discounts are going. And 3% fuel oil has actually moved from 85% of Brent last week to 82% of Brent. You see fuel inventories at Singapore that are above the 5-year high. The ARB to ship fuel to Singapore is closed, so that would kind of indicate that the discounts will actually move wider.
Gary Simmons: Well, so we are a shipper. We are still a strong supporter of Keystone. We don’t have the ability to actually be an owner in the line. So, we are working with TransCanada as they try to better understand the executive order and drum up customer support. Our belief is that the direct connection from the Western Canadian production to the U.S. Gulf Coast is a good thing, because we have the most efficient capacity to really process those growing areas of production. Our intent, again, will be to process those barrels in our system, not to export the barrels.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So again, our view is certainly you would see a reaction in the market if this gets done. And you would see RINs come off, we have seen some market reaction already. It’s difficult for us to model because of all the uncertainty around it, so.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul for us, most of our tankage is more operational in nature, so we don’t do a lot of storage plays to take advantage of the market structure. We do some of it especially on the crude side, but it’s more related to buying opportunistic barrels that we believe have wide discounts and then you can also take advantage of the markets structure. But overall, we don’t do a lot of that.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think to me, the key on the inventory build is that what we are seeing out in the market is a lot of winter grade gasoline. And so our view is that those barrels are going to have to clear before we have our VP transition. And as those barrels clear, it will bring the market down and you will see economic run cuts and lower utilization while those barrels clear before we actually going to summer driving season.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Paul, this is Gary. I will take it. Mike started the call with some comments that we took a LIFO charge in the fourth quarter of ‘16 and really, that LIFO charge explains the third quarter to fourth quarter variants that you talked about. It also explains a portion of the fourth quarter ‘15 versus fourth quarter ‘16 results. In addition to that, we had a couple other items. There is really nothing operational that I see, but the other big things that affect the year-over-year results. In ‘15, the blenders tax credit was enacted in December of ‘15 and so all of the credit was booked in the fourth quarter of ‘15, whereas in ‘16, that blenders tax credit was kind of spread out through the year so that had an impact on the capture rates. And the other big thing that we are looking at in terms of the capture rates is just the cost of the RINs. So in the fourth quarter of ‘15, RINs were around $0.49, whereas the fourth quarter of ‘16, they were $0.96. And so that delta in the cost of RINs also impacts our capture rates and that really is the bulk of it.
Gary Simmons: Yes, we can dive it into it more with John, I would suggest. But those are really the big items that we see. We don’t really see anything operational, Paul.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger. It’s hard to tell. As Lane can tell you, it takes a long time to improve refinery mechanical availability, so we will see what happens there. But I think, one of the things that we are looking at and we export to Mexico and to South America and certainly when you look at a lot of the consultant views where Brazil has had negative demand growth over the last couple of years that are forecasting some decent demand growth in Brazil, so even if we are to lose some volume into Mexico, I think you could be absorbed in other locations in South America.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I don’t know that to some degree, the export market has over time recognized the RIN, so I don’t really know that it really changes the dynamics of the export markets that much if the point of obligation moves.
Gary Simmons: Yes. This is Gary. I think the similarities, we continue to see the industry running at high utilization rates and so the production of gasoline and distillate is exceeding demand in the marketplace, which isn’t good, causing inventories to build. The difference we see is it looks like on the gasoline side a lot of what’s being put into inventory is winter grade. So again, our view is this will have to clear before RVP transitions could bring inventories down before gasoline season starts, which would make this year look different than what we saw last year and should lead to better gasoline cracks. On the distillate side, not too much different I think the things that we are seeing on the distillate side is slightly better demand. So year-over-year, we will have a little colder weather here in the U.S. and also in Northwest Europe, which may distillate demand. And then as we see some resurgence in the upstream, the drilling activity, it also leads to a little better incremental diesel demand. So those are kind of the key factors we are looking at in the market.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think definitely, we will see the gasoline market being similar to ‘16, but a slightly better diesel market than ‘16.
Gary Simmons: Yes, that’s some of the things that we are working with TransCanada on, so we don’t really have guidance on where the Keystone itself tariff is going to be and that’s certainly something that we are working with them on. In terms of dapple, yes I think you kind of hit on it, it’s definitely will be bringing more light sweet to the Gulf Coast, which should be good for us.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So everything we have been doing is to increase de-stock flexibility and also be able to grow these export markets and both those things aligned well with this and we can optimize the system around border tax.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So if you look in our IR presentation, I think its Slide 9, it does a pretty good job of going through how we can swing our system between individual grades. We got to where we were processing over 1 million barrels a day of domestic light sweet crude, I guess that was pretty tougher, so we have added some additional capacity since that time as well so.
