John Locke: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
John Locke: Yeah, Chi, this is John. We can't talk about forward turnarounds, but I mean we take a view of turnaround activity and then also markets to plan our throughputs.
John Locke: Okay. Thank you, Bianca. We appreciate you all for joining us today. Please contact me or Karen Ngo if you have additional questions after the call. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. The first quarter presented us with challenging markets with gasoline and diesel margins under pressure for most of the quarter. The bright spot was the performance of our team, as we continued to operate safely and reliably. What I'd like to do this morning is take a few minutes to discuss our strategic initiatives that we believe will continue to drive long-term value creation and then share some color on what we are singing in the markets. First, at the core of everything we do is a relentless focus on safety and reliability. Our dedication and persistence here is what keeps our people and community safe, our operations reliable, our cash operating costs the lowest among the peer group. Having low-cost operations is a major advantage in our industry where product margins can be quite volatile. As a disciplined operator, we are able to run profitably in a lower margin environment as experienced in the first quarter. Second, we apply discipline and rigor, as we evaluate and execute investments that will grow the profitability and competitiveness of our business for many years. The strategic plan that was approved by our board of directors last year included $2.6 billion of capital spending for 2016. Approximately $1 billion was allocated to strategic investments to drive long-term earnings growth. Third, we are committed to delivering value to stockholders by making the right investments in our business and returning cash to our stockholders. We demonstrated this in 2015 when we delivered the highest total stockholder return among our peers for both Valero and VLP. We expect VLP to continue to be well positioned to execute its distribution growth strategy through 2017 despite volatile capital markets. We also continue to keep an eye on M&A. We review opportunities and we have a list of targets that we consistently monitor. We consider M&A a discretionary use of cash, so there's a healthy tension when evaluating M&A opportunities versus other alternative uses. Of course, we can't comment specifically on M&A, but we are diligently reviewing opportunities. For cash returns in 2016, which is made up of dividends and buybacks, we've extended our 2015 payout target of 75% of net income. In January, we increased the quarterly dividend by 20% to $0.60 a share, but we remain focused on maintaining a dividend payout at the high end of our peer group. We're confident in Valero's ability to fund investments in future growth and to meet its payout target. Lastly, let me share some color on the current market. Already this year, we've been in a lot of conversations about various market topics including gasoline demand resurgence, octane strength, diesel length, domestic crude supply, and crude storage levels. As you know, markets for Valero's feedstocks and products are dynamic. Our high complexity refineries, system flexibility, advantage locations, and low cash cost operations enable us to maximize earnings under challenging market conditions. On the crude supply side, we are seeing more medium sour crudes coming into the market. As a result, we are seeing healthy medium and heavy sour crude discounts. We also have greater access to domestic sweet crudes with the logistics build out in the U.S., allowing domestic production to clear the Mid-Continent region and reach the large Gulf Coast refining center. On the demand side, continued GDP growth and low product prices should continue to support demand. In the U.S., we are seeing gasoline demand continue to grow. We are encouraged by increased vehicle miles traveled and double-digit percentage increases in SUV and truck purchases in the U.S. and key countries around the globe. Distillate demand globally was good, albeit in the U.S. it's been fairly flat. While distillate margins were pressured near term due to unseasonably warm weather in North America and Europe, distillate demand in Latin America remains robust. Overall, we still have structural refined product supply challenges in South America and the developing countries, which we don't expect to be resolved in the near term. With our low-cost Gulf Coast refining presence, we have the ability to compete in markets all over the globe. We also have the opportunity to optimize our system and supply in the Atlantic basin with our refineries in Wales and Québec City. In fact, we generated another quarter of solid distillate and gasoline export volumes. In summary, we still have significant crude supply, ample natural gas availability and growing global petroleum demand that's outpacing refining capacity additions. We don't see this changing anytime soon, so although the markets will be challenging at times, the longer term macro outlook remains favorable. So, with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay. Neil, I'll provide some color here in a second, but let me let Mike go ahead and speak to this.
Joseph W. Gorder: You know, Neil, when we look at these though, I mean obviously you want to try to find opportunities where you can buy good assets and where you can achieve synergies in it. And that's certainly true on the refining side. I'll just be honest right now, there's not a whole lot that's being shown to us, but we do have our target list and there are a few conversations that are taking place. Then on the M&A side, it's like Mike said, I think if you think in terms of the type of deal we're going to do, it's not likely going to be some kind of large corporate deal. It's not going to be a step-out deal, but it will be more asset-focused and perhaps in the context of a partnering arrangement with people that were looking at transactions or want somebody to share in their pipe. So nothing super hot right now, though.
Joseph W. Gorder: And, you know, Paul, I mean you saw the cash balance that we've got. As Mike said, our leverage levels are very low. We came through a tough quarter with this balance sheet. So I think we are pretty well positioned and I would tell you, though, if there was a significant M&A transaction out there, we would do the right thing as you would expect us to do and perhaps build some cash before we executed the transaction.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, I mean, if you look at areas that we feel that we could grow, okay, and I'm doing this from just historical looks at different assets and how the FTC might view something, the West Coast, California in particular, will be very, very difficult for us. We are not really focused there. The East Coast, we've exited and so we're not interested there. The Mid-Con, I think we would be good to go on transactions and we'd be interested in there and then of course U.S. Gulf Coast. And when we look at the acquisitions, we look at them from a perspective of where can we create the greatest synergies. And with the portfolio of assets that we have in the U.S. Golf Coast, we believe that we can create synergies around feedstocks and product movements there perhaps better than anywhere else now. So, that would be the U.S. side. If we go over to Europe, I think we'd be interested in assets in markets like the UK where we've got a presence today and we could bolt something on and support it out of the London office. We're not interested in a lot of the countries in Western Europe just because of the nature of the assets and then the issues that go along with owning assets in those markets. And then I really think from our perspective, the Far East is off the table. So, in a nutshell, the U.S. Gulf Coast would be interesting, the Mid-Continent of the U.S. would be interesting, the UK would be interesting, and that would be our primary focus.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, okay. I don't know that I've assessed it the way you're asking. I mean we understand that they had a partnership that they wanted to both exit and they decided to do that. I think Saudi is pleased with the assets that they got in the deal and Shell is pleased with the assets that they have in the deal, and that's really all we know about that one to be quite honest. I do not view this transaction, though, as a precursor to a whole series of other major similar type of transactions in the U.S., Chi. I just don't – we're not hearing it and we're not seeing it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, I can't – I'd only be speculating and I really don't have an opinion on it. Again, I think they'd have to find something that was for sale if they wanted to engage and I just don't know if there's a significant portfolio of assets out there that they could get into.
Joseph W. Gorder: You know, Sam, I never really heard anybody use generous and FTC in the same context, but I would describe them as a very reasonable group quite honestly and we've had a lot of dealings with them over the years as we've done acquisitions. I believe that what they would look at not only for Valero but for anybody is your ability to restrict trade in a particular market. And because the Gulf Coast is so long and so oversupplied and the barrels tend to move throughout the U.S. and abroad, you're not going to run into a situation whereby having a more significant concentration in the Gulf Coast, you could run into a situation where you could manipulate markets, it just wouldn't be possible. So, anyway, I really don't think they'd have a problem with additional Gulf Coast exposure for Valero.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, it's more of a passing comment. I would say very limited. But I don't want to tell you we would never look at a UK refinery and then we show up in some point in time and do it, and you remind me of it. But I mean, Doug, you know those markets. I mean frankly, we've said this for years that – and we got a gem in Pembroke. And back to your first question, all the diesel that's produced at Pembroke moves inland, most of the gasoline. And so we've got a fairly unique footprint there in that we're able to supply the domestic markets in Ireland in a very efficient way. So we really like that. We could find a similar type of asset in a market that was similar, okay, and when I say that, I really am thinking primarily of the UK. Well, I think we'd consider it. Now, are we having active conversations on anything like that? No. But would we want to move into France, Spain, Italy or the Med? The answer would be no. So it's more of a passing comment. But we tell you guys we're looking at everything that's out there and we do that because we're always looking for opportunities to continue to grow the EPS. But again, we're very pleased with the portfolio that we have and we can create significant income with it. So we don't feel desperate to do anything in that M&A market. Certainly, again, it's in competition for all the other good uses of cash that we have.
Joseph W. Gorder: You know, Doug, looking longer term and this is just the reality of it, a lot of the logistics assets that would be dropped are going to – they got zero tax basis, and so I think for a long time when everybody was looking at 10-time multiples, 11-time multiples on these drop transactions with all that cash flowing back in, we were really overstating the actual cash that would be coming back into the sponsor, and so the reality of it is we are not changing the portfolio of assets that we have to drop. We're really looking at the drop structure and doing it as efficiently as we can. Again, Mike mentioned earlier that we think the capital markets are certainly there, but it's a little bit expensive to go to the public markets today. We don't have a gun to our head to do something because we've got the distribution covered for two years with the cash flow stream that we have today. And all the things that you mentioned earlier, I think we are in a very, very strong position here and we can take our time and time to market and be patient in doing this and whether we do $500 million or $750 million now and then we will start talking about next year what we are going to do, we are going to continue to grow the LP, we are going to continue to drop, I think we're just waiting to see if things don't improve a bit and certainly higher crude prices should take some of this pressure off if we see the crude markets move up and we should be in a good place going forward.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yeah, Neil, we're looking at the opportunities that are available to us both on the refining and the midstream side. We do have a target list as Joe alluded in his comments. Some of those are corporate-related, some of those are asset-related. So, I can't provide any more specifics than that at this point.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yeah, Blake, sure. This is Mike. Before we get into that target, though, let me start off by talking about the capital markets. VLP does not need to execute any drops to meet its 25% distribution growth through 2017. So VLP does not need to access the capital markets. That being said, we believe the capital markets, both debt and equity, are open for MLPs, particularly high-quality MLPs like VLP. The cost of issuing debt or equity, however, remains more expensive than historical levels. The good news was VLP is well positioned with strong distribution coverage and does not need access to the capital markets from this price environment. Therefore, we are going to revise our drop-down guidance to $500 million to $750 million. We can execute drops in this range without going to the capital markets. We are going to continue to prepare for $1 billion in drops and will be ready to execute $1 billion in drops if the capital markets improve. From a Valero Energy perspective, regardless of whether or not we drive $500 million or $1 billion worth of assets this year to VLP, this amount will not materially change our view on our payout guidance.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I would only say that we would have to look at that at the time of the acquisition. I mean, if it was a huge acquisition that might require some equity, then obviously we'd have to rethink about the buyback target. But it's going to be – right now I'm going to say no, but depending on the size of it, it could.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Our balance sheet, Paul, is very, very strong. We want to keep it that way, but it's very strong. I think right now rather than building cash, we're going to continue to look for opportunities to grow our business and our EPS.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Right now, the $2.6 billion is what we have in our forecast. On an annualized basis, obviously we're way short of that, but we're okay on the forecast.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I would think, I mean we're going to continue to look at each of the drops, as we come up on them in this course, as far as how we want the financing we do to mitigate taxes. I think it would probably be on this next drop similar of a cash tax – after-tax cash as (50:58).
Gary K. Simmons: Okay, Neil. This is Gary. Yeah, I think what we've seen on distillate, we came out of winter with a lot of overhang in distillate inventory as you alluded to. And then on the demand side, you get into March and demand was way off and we've certainly seen for the past several weeks, demand continue to creep up. We've seen some good agricultural demand begin to kick in and so we've trended to where we're now more towards the five-year high, actually last week above the five-year high. So I think some of this demand will help clean up the inventory. And then also, you talked about the exports. We're seeing lot of good opportunities to export distillate as well, so the combination of the two of those things, I think, will help keep domestic inventories in check. Moving forward, I think as flat price continues to rise, you'll start to see some recovery in the upstream sector, which should improve distillate demand as well. But really we'll have to wait and see if we have a more normal winter this winter and that'll be a key driver in terms of what happens with the distillate fracks moving forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Hey, Paul, this is Gary. I can start with, I guess it's hard to go into a lot of detail on the capture rates here, so certainly invite you to follow up with Karen and John after the call, but on some high-level things, I can tell you in terms of volume variance, there really wasn't a negative impact on volume variance for refineries. Actually, we would show that the volume variance was slightly positive for the quarter. So, what you are seeing on the capture rates is all market-driven. At a high level, there's a few things I would point to. The higher cost RINs certainly had an impact on our capture rates. The butane differential, the gasoline was much more narrow in the first quarter than what we saw last year that had an impact on the capture rates. In the North Atlantic basin, when you look at our crude cost relative to Brent, the narrower Brent-TI arb impacted our crude cost most importantly at Québec. Also the Western Canadian crudes, the Syncrudes were more expensive in the first quarter, so the volumes coming off Line 9, so we had a crude cost impact to our North Atlantic basin system. And the only thing that's really operationally we had the Benecia cat down on the West Coast for a planned turnaround, and so our capture rates there were down a little bit as well, but those are some of the real key factors.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Phil, this is Gary. A couple of things, the way we report our results, we have the heavy sour crudes shown, but we also have a category we show resids, and some of those resids are actually replacements for heavy sour crudes in our system. We run the resids through our crude unit, and so where the heavy sour crudes were down, actually the resids we processed were up. So there really wasn't a significant difference in the amount of heavy sour crude we ran in the first quarter. In terms of the range, some of the things that we talk about, it's not just the discounts that we are looking at, there is a rate lever associated with really pushing heavy sour crudes in our system. If we want to maximize heavy sour crudes, they generally mean we are running at lower throughput, so we have to look at the discounts and also where the crack spreads are, and then we do that optimization.
Gary K. Simmons: Hey, Roger. This is Gary. I think we're seeing a very similar situation in regards to octane what we've seen the last couple of years. Octane's starting to get tight, so we saw the regrade in the Mid-Continent strengthen significantly. The premium regrade on the West Coast has also strengthened considerably in the last couple of weeks, so I think the industry's short of octane and we'll see similar regrades to what we've been seeing in the past few years.
Gary K. Simmons: I think going forward the thing we're looking at is our exports. And so you look to us and yesterday the JBC global refining margin showed Northwest Europe simple capacity at like $0.23 margin, so it doesn't take diesel falling off much before some of that low complexity capacity has to cut and as they cut, it'll open up even greater opportunities for us to export our barrels moving forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, I think so. You have a couple of key factors. We keep pointing down the distillate side. The warmer weather in the United States and Northwest Europe certainly hindered these demands coming through the winter and so it created this overhang we are living with today. I think the other thing that happened is the combination of relatively strong frack spreads in December and January incentivized higher utilization than what we typically see. In combination, the strong carry in the market and refiners that typically aren't running high utilizations in December and January, running high utilizations and selling their product forward, so those things kind of all contributed to build some inventory and it will just take us a little while to work that inventory off.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, so, Venezuela was very important piece of our crude supply situation. We've had a very good longstanding relationship with PDVSA. What we've seen is we really haven't seen a decrease in oil coming out of the country. What we have seen is with some of the rolling power outages that they've had, that the grades of oil are changing so we are seeing a greater percentage of diluted crude oils and less of some of the synthetic crude oils into our system, but our system is robust enough to be able to absorb that, so we buy those barrels and continue to run them into our system.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Jeff, so we certainly are seeing that. I think on the Iranian barrels, of course we don't run any Iranian barrels, but what we've seen there is kind of some rebalancing in the market, so some of those barrels are making their way into Europe and we're seeing some of the Russian Urals come back into the U.S. market that we haven't seen here for a while. And then, yes, we are certainly seeing a lot more Saudi barrels flowing this way. We had decreased our Saudi volumes, but as they continue to put barrels on the market and they are competitive, we are ramping those back up on our system as well.
Gary K. Simmons: Yes, I agree. What you're really seeing is a substitution somewhat of domestic light sweet for Middle East medium sours. We've seen sometimes where the arb is opened to import foreign light sweets, but that doesn't seem open very long. Same way. There is an occasional pop where the market goes, where incentivized exports of U.S. crude, but again that doesn't seem to last very long. The big switch has been a domestic light sweet for a Middle East medium sour.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, so, I would say probably the key thing that contributed to that is that the Mid-Continent just had very, very high inventories. And so, in order to move product out over our wholesale racks, we were actually having to discount product in order to clear the refineries and so it lowered our realized kind of crack capture.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, I think the thing that happened there is really the K and the Maya formula changed, and at the same time it changed, the Brent-TI arb came in and fuel oil strengthened a little bit, and so it really made it to where Maya isn't pricing competitive with medium sour alternatives or really even pricing competitive with Canadian alternatives into the Gulf, which tells me the Maya formula is going to have to change again and the Maya discount will have to widen going forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, this is Gary again. I don't think we've really seen any significant impact of the exports on any of our operations.
Gary K. Simmons: I think we have seen a strategic shift that the Saudis have made an effort to regain the market share they lost to a lot of the domestic crude producers and they're exporting a lot more barrels to the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we certainly saw that in the first quarter and we expect it will continue.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah. So we heard the same thing, that there was a lot of cargoes, especially parked off New York Harbor. Our understanding is a lot of that has actually come in over the last couple of weeks. And as I mentioned, we're actually seeing the premium regrade start to widen, which kind of contradicts this idea that there is all this octane laying around.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, Brad, this is Gary. So in the first quarter, we did 249,000 barrels a day of diesel. If you include jet and kerosene with that, we're up to 295,000 barrels a day. That was split with about 80% going to Latin America, 20% to Europe. During the first quarter, the arb to Europe was closed most of the first half of the first quarter. It opened back up and has remained opened, so I think you'll see a little more volume going to Europe but we're still seeing very good Latin America demand for diesel as well moving forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, so we've seen the arb to export diesel to Europe open since midway through the first quarter. It remains open today and we are seeing good demand for European quality distillate in our system.
Gary K. Simmons: Yeah, so I think what you're – at least my view of where they are in Northwest Europe, the refineries that are cutting are primarily refineries that are producing fuel oil because fuel oil is so discounted today. Pembroke is a pretty high conversion refinery, so we're seeing production remain very high at Pembroke.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey, Paul, this is Lane. We don't give second quarter guidance with respect to what kind of capacity we'll have in turnaround, so.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey, Sam. This is Lane. We started up in December our funding investment decision, which was about $150 million of EBITDA. If you use 2015 pricing, it made about $200 million and if you look at the last quarter, we're estimating it contributed about $35 million. So it's in line with our funding decision, and then Gary spoke to the market on it, so that's where the project sort of fits.
R. Lane Riggs: Well, you have commodity risk all over the place. I think when we analyze a project, the one that we always stare at the most is naphtha. The Gulf has long naphtha with crude in it backed out resid purchases and so we always have a keen eye on the placement of naphtha that's created due to both of these projects, both the Corpus Christi and the Houston crudes. That's where I would say the greatest commodity risk is.
R. Lane Riggs: So, Ed, I'll take a stab at this. I mean John sort of alluded to it. There's an – they're – both of the crude units are running in – the Corpus Christi crude unit is running in the second quarter and the Houston crude unit starts up in the second quarter. All the rest of the volume guidance is related to other activities and with our market outlook and the capacity that we plan to run with.
R. Lane Riggs: Hey, Brad. This is Lane. I'll give a little color on that. I mean the first quarter's always a little bit of a challenge. You're coming out of the holidays and you have weather to contend with. And so the first quarter for us, at least seasonally, is always light with respect to our CapEx. We'll spend some – we'll spend more than the run rate – than that rate second quarter and third quarter, and then it slows down again in the fourth quarter. And so that's where I would say the seasonality of the CapEx has been for our company.
Faisel H. Khan: Hi. Just two questions. First on the gasoline margins, the realized margins between the Gulf Coast, Mid-Atlantic – or sorry, Mid-Continent, if I look at the markers for the quarter, certainly in the Mid-Continent, the diesel and gasoline minus TI margins were higher than the Gulf Coast gasoline and ULSD minus Brent margins, but the realized margins in the Gulf Coast are much higher, so I just want to make sure I understand sort of what's taking place there with the Gulf Coast realized margins being higher versus the Mid-Continent despite the product market being more profitable in the Mid-Continent, and I know you guys had some run cuts.
Faisel H. Khan: No. Just in the quarter between regions. The Mid-Continent gasoline minus TI crack was stronger than the Gulf Coast gasoline minus Brent crack, but on a realized basis, it was still much stronger in the Gulf Coast than the Mid-Continent.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, that makes sense. And then on light/heavy differentials, it looks like recently, just in the last week or two, the differentials sort of narrowed a little bit. Just wondering what you're seeing there despite sort of the talk of more availability of heavy sour crudes in the market.
