Gary Simmons: Doug, this is Gary Simmons. The Maya formula -- 40% of the Maya formula is based on WTS. And so I think a lot of what you are seeing the Maya formula is that they are basically chasing the Brent TIR. And so it got very narrow and then Brent TIR widened back out and Maya went with it. So we are seeing some additional production come to us. I think some of that was due to refinery turnarounds in Mexico. So we are getting some volume above our contract levels. But the pricing has been more tied to volatility in the Brent TIR than anything else.
Gary Simmons: We have a lot of flexibility in the Gulf Coast system, being able to swing from the heavy barrels to the light. It’s been encouraging that the Mayas continue to price at competitive values to the medium sour and the light. I don’t think it really changes our thinking going forward, Doug.
Gary Simmons: And so, a little more color on that, what we do is we, essentially are backing out. Both those refineries are short toping capacity and long conversion capacity. So it will allow us to do (inaudible) to build our conversion capacity. So it's really displacing VGO and light sulfur [ATP]. But it’s not moving us from -- it’s not -- Ashley commented, we’re adding crude capacity. We’re not displacing crude capacity.
Gary Simmons: We’re still -- we still have some additional capacity we think within our existing units down there. And it’s something that we’ll just -- we’ll continue to work on. It’s all a function of how disconnected it actually is and is it really there. But we still have some open capacity to run additional light crude in our Gulf Coast as it is today. And then after you get to -- when you really -- as you get there and you drive towards these one, then it’s all about trying to test what are the marginal economics of weak crude, versus medium, versus heavy. And we’ll just -- we’ll find out, but it’s just a matter of how disconnected it is. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. The barrels being offered off the line are really being priced at something competitive to Maya in the Gulf today barrels that are coming off.
Gary Simmons: Well, I think, you still -- you know the trouble with getting significant volumes of Canadian heavy to the Gulf is still getting the barrels across the border. So it will make a difference, but I don't know how bigger difference it will make in the Gulf.
Gary Simmons: Well, that's difficult to answer. Some of the challenges we're seeing, I will just kind of go through some of those -- the logistics are still very much a challenge in the Gulf and so some of the issues we've seen is just the barrels that show up at the dock are not necessarily what we are expecting to load on to the ship. So certainly some tankage needs to be built out in the Gulf, ability to be able to segregate barrels better. And that's kind of why we have taken the path that we want to be able to completely control the logistics and load the barrels on over our own dock and at Corpus for that very reason.
Gene Edwards: This is Gene. My only extra comment would be I think as you move into the several periods, ultimately the gasoline is got to revert back to a Brent-related type crack because of incremental refineries in the world are suffice enough of a Brent-price crude.
Gene Edwards: Yeah. Blake, this is Gene. The ethanol is doing quite well. We produce more ethanol than we actually blend ourselves. It's not necessarily even the same barrels. We try to optimize both. We try to get the highest net back at our ethanol plants and then our marketing operations tries to procure ethanol at the lowest cost. Sometimes those intersect, sometimes they don’t. So I’d say there’s probably not a whole lot of synergy there. It’s roughly run -- they think it could be run in this independent business. We’re very happy with the returns we’re getting now and I don’t think the multiples you would get in case -- because last year, it was basically a breakeven business. This year we made almost $500 million. In the prior year -- 2011, we made almost $400 million. So we’re not exactly sure how that would trade in the market place due that volatility, I think which is good. Also we have a significant tax gain because you have a rapid depreciation, tax depreciation we had on the stout. I think we’re satisfied with investment. We always look at our options too.
Gene Edwards: Hi. This is Gene. First of all, 2013 was a world of contrast, it started the year at breakeven margins, some of the plants were actually down and the fourth quarter was a really big month where we had like 80% margins. I think if you look at our [divided] numbers out, we averaged about $0.40 margin on -- for the year, which you've started January a little higher than that, but that's about where we are today. It's about $0.40 going forward. How it pans out through those, it's very volatile, because it's a result between ethanol price and corn price which really don't correlate. But, however, ethanol (inaudible) remains pretty low. Our production is hanging right around 900,000 barrels a day. I think demand has strengthened the average under the RFS about 850,000 barrels a day. So we’d normally be in a build situation, but we are exporting a lot of ethanol with lower form factors, lower ethanol prices as a result. We're seeing good export economics. We're filing lower cost ethanol in Brazil in the long markets. So that's what’s keeping the market fairly [snuck] as far as inventories. The only other thing I would add I guess is that the production numbers start to ramp up, you could build from there. But later we always maintain that we have really good competitive advantage, so we've been here in over supply situation, we have -- we fell like we have a $0.20 or so gallon margin, the competitors starts dropping, some of these (inaudible) start to fall back off. So long answer but, lot of uncertainty there. I don't think directionally it's going to be $0.80 margin we saw in the fourth quarter, but something new in the between $0.20 and $0.40 is probably something that would be a reasonable expectation. 
Ashley Smith: Yeah. Ed, you kind of nailed most of those things. This is Ashley. I’d say in absolute terms, there is a million way you can slice and dice it but in absolute terms, the biggest -- somewhat in terms of indicator or capture rate, one of the biggest drivers was just outright crude discounts helping out. After that from 3Q to 4Q, the decrease in RINs cost helped on a capture rate basis, absolutely being able to blend butane which can get a price more like you finished gasoline, helped out. I'd say those are the key drivers but just hitting the better crude discounts help not only in capture rate but also outright discount, outright cracks or margins.
Ashley Smith: Allen, that includes what our expected runs are including those new projects. But depending on the margin environment, we are going to always optimize. So actual results could be different. But that’s what was targeted in the overall runs based on our including projects.
Ashley Smith: Okay. Thank you, Sylvia. And appreciate the listeners for listening to our call today. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Investor Relations. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: Hey, this is Bill. When we are going ahead with our 70,000 barrel a day crude -- light crude unit at Corpus and Lyondell Crude Unit at Houston. We have approval to do that. And those are the designed to run normally about [58 acres], which is a little bit lighter than our crude diet in either of those crude units that we have existing. But we can run some on those lighter, a little bit incrementally lighter crude. We have less flexibility to be able to run something that looks little bit more like WTI, a little bit down to the low 40s. But these are really our big additions in terms of (inaudible) additions to the Gulf Coast capacity to run this type of (inaudible).
Bill Klesse: We haven’t seen any incentives to destroy heavy capacity because this counts a lot. So most of this is just adding in time, either adding through construction or through processing and operations, finding additional debottlenecking and capability to process light crude.
Bill Klesse: So, overall, Roger, we anticipate that by the end of the year Quebec will be running 100% North American domestic crude. You will continue to see volume ramp-up. I mentioned the two step changes that occur, we get our corporate stock in place mid-year that will certainly help and the line 9 reversal, when line 9 reversal is complete and they certainly will be on 100% domestic crude. The Pembroke question is a little bit more difficult. We don’t see that we’ve be looking to export to Pembroke at least any time in the short-term.
Bill Klesse: We can run a lot more than that. At Quebec, really the issue was primarily the logistics are getting the barrels on the water. And then for us the other thing is most of those grades were new to refineries. So we don’t want to send the bunch of crude that they never run before. So those have been processed now. We have the operating history and we can continue to ramp up as the logistics allow.
Bill Klesse: This is Klesse. There is some interest in the market place but really in the cokers and it’s more tied to upgrading. I would say there’s no interest for processing oil or anything there.
Bill Klesse: I suppose that if heavy oil gets deep enough discounted, you can offset some of the economic disadvantages of low cost natural gas and the other items at cokers. But we got to anticipate that ourselves.
Bill Klesse: Yeah. Nothing that’s purely one-off benefit. We’re always in the market looking for distressed cargos and those opportunities change from quarter-to-quarter but it wasn’t -- in the fourth quarter, it wasn’t an overwhelming and meaningful difference versus 3Q or year-over-year results, we are always getting that stuff.
Bill Klesse: So the answer to the question would be yes. We would look at something like that in the right circumstance. If we are sure, we can add value.
Bill Klesse: Well, we’d be bigger than one of our competitors announced for some other things that they’ve done with the Marcellus or Utica. But permitting and there’s a lot of other issues to come with this, so you have to be comfortable that these discounts will last long enough because the lead time is significant. But these are things that you would expect us to look at.
Bill Klesse: There were no material changes to any of the market and we are finding very, very consistent demand for gasoline in both South America and Europe. And gasoline, the bulk of our volume continues to move in Mexico and then into South America.
Lane Riggs: Yeah, so overall I would say we are not importing light crude into the Gulf routinely anymore at all. Our imports are medium sour and the heavy sour. On the medium sour side, some of the medium sours that we were taking into the Gulf, we’ve now shifted and a lot of those barrels are now going to the West Coast and the heavy sour has been somewhat [stake].
Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs again. They run very well in the fourth quarter and they’re currently running well -- I would say we were able to optimize our Port Arthur refinery and looking at our permits. Really our permits are based on a heat release or firing rates as we’ve got -- as we ran 57,000 barrels a day and looked at a little bit more optimized. We’ve actually been able to get the rates up to 50,000 barrels a day normally and still live inside our (inaudible) format. But other than that they’re running, as designed and doing quite well of course.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I thought we had answered that question back, but there are crude units are -- will an additional 150,000 barrels a day domestic light crude capacity. We believe we have somewhere on the order of about 300,000 to 315,000 barrels a day of crude capacity on the Gulf Coast. But, again, as I mentioned earlier, we have not build all that capacity up yet, so you’ll see the economic become actually compelling, all the logistics get bottleneck, we will approach that number and I think -- I’m pretty confident, we’ll be higher than that number that’s where we are today.
Joe Gorder: For us, it really is a matter of economics and we’ve continued to see the barrels that we are getting from Saudi and the barrels we are getting from Kuwait to be economic. Again, we’ve shifted some of that volume to the west coast and we see better value in moving us to the west coast now that we have other options available to us in the gulf. But for us, it’s an economic question.
Joe Gorder: It’s difficult to say, but we just haven’t seen and as we switched to more and more domestic crude, it is having an impact on the inventory and the required inventories in our system for exactly the reasons you are seeing.
Joe Gorder: Well, I don’t have it. We will give you the average light in crude cost. But I can tell you that our rail has come up and it’s been very successful. It has a capacity to do about 60,000 barrels a day, started up in August. And we continued to ramp up volumes. We begin to hit some snags with the weather in December and January. The cold weather really hurt that operation. We were up to about 40,000 barrels a day in November. The volumes did falloff in December and January a little bit to the cold weather. We also exported five cargoes from the Gulf to Canada in the fourth quarter. So we’ve run Canadian Syn for the first time. At Quebec, we’ve run WTI, we’ve run Bakken and we run Eagle Ford. We continue to ramp up our volumes there. In the fourth quarter, we saw some weather issues even on the gulf movements that hurt us. We continue to see some challenges on the logistics to be able to get the barrels to the water. And then as you get into the winter, Quebec, the fact that we have ice-clad ships in the supply chain also hinder our ability some to be able to get to well there but we continue to ramp up those volumes and seek good economics on those barrels compared to our Brent related alternatives.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Robert, I’m going to continue to take Brent near traditionally high records or at traditionally high rates, but we are going to disclose refinery by refinery throughputs and margins, things like that.
Joe Gorder: We are just going to say, as you can see from the regional data for North Atlantic region, it’s been at fairly high rates.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, so two significant changes during the year. Mid-year, the Corpus loading facility coming on line and then in the fourth quarter, we expect the Line 9 reversal online also.
Joe Gorder: Obviously man, this is an issue. The DOT has the ball, they’re involved. They’re working the regulations and I think the date that we’ve talked about here, they should have recommendations in place by November 14. This is also an issue that’s being worked by the American Association of Railroads, by AFPM and many others. And I would say obviously the conversations are around hiking the standards on cars. So that would be something that we would expect to see. There is a conversation around rerouting around urban areas, slower speeds through urban areas, a lot of focus on classification of the cargo, so what type of crude is being carried, all those things would make sense. And I think we would expect to see some of that. The one issue that’s hanging out there that none of us really know about because of the nature of the rail fleet is how long would it take to retrofit and how long will they allow for a phase in of any recommended changes.  The 5320 cars that we have on quarter are all the rural [111A] cars. So they do have additional safety features over traditional cars. So we’re just kind of waiting to see where that goes but we believe that cars that would meet the schedule will be okay. As far as changing what we’re doing, I don’t see that this is going to have any impact on our plans to move crude by rail. And then as you say, what happens if that materially affected the economic. We currently have some 6,000 cars under lease in the fleet and what we would do is ultimately just go ahead and replace the cars that we have now under lease with the cars that we own and we continue to use them for other services such as asphalt and ethanol, so not a lot of downside for our investment in the railcars.
