Ashley M. Smith: Thank you, John, and good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we’ve described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thanks, Mike. For modeling our second quarter operation, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.44 million to 1.48 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 400,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 275,000 to 285,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 440,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses in the second quarter are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel, which is lower than the first quarter due to higher plan throughput volumes and expected lower maintenance costs.  Regarding our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.32 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization expense. With respect to some of the other items for the second quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $170 million, and net interest expense should be around $70 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the second quarter should be around $385 million, with the reduction in Aruba depreciation and amortization expense mostly offset by additional expense from new equipment entering service. Our effective tax rate in the second quarter should be approximately 36%. Okay, John, that concludes our opening remarks. We'll now open the call to questions.
Ashley M. Smith: Faisel, this is Ashley. For every dollar change in the price of natural gas per MMBtu, it adds about $6.5 million a year in EBITDA, and based on the '11 pricing, we're effectively using $4 natural gas. So you could easily -- on your call, whatever your call on natural gas is, it looks like at least $1 lower, could be more.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thank you, John. And I just wanted to thank the investors for listening to this call. If you have any questions, please contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay, Doug, this is Joe. Listen, obviously, we are. We're trying to run as much of the light-sweet domestic crudes that we can. If I look at our crude slate in general, from last quarter, we did run more light-sweet crude, and we also ran more medium-sour crude, and we basically backed out resid. So we continue to look for opportunities to optimize the overall slate. Now when we think in terms of what are we doing in the Gulf Coast here and what do we think the market's going to look like, I mean, the Brent to LLS spread -- or LLS to WTI spread could be anywhere from $5 to $25 over the next year. We just -- none of us really have any idea as to what that's going to be. We do believe, though, however, that longer-term, that's going to come in to $3 to $4. And I think this view would be supported by the fact that Seaway's pipeline tariff is in that range or slightly below that. Now we know that domestic production of light-sweet crude is continuing to grow and is going to continue to do so over the next several years, and a lot of these crudes are making their way to the Gulf Coast via the pipelines, whether it be Seaway or Longhorn reversal, the Seaway expansion, the Keystone southern leg and so on. So these crude prices, the discounts are going to continue to come in. And in this system, what we're doing is looking for every opportunity to run more light-sweet domestic crude. We currently run about 200 a day, and we think that we can take that up by perhaps another 200, based on some projects that we're looking at. So that's our plan, and that's what I got for you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Doug, I guess this isn't directly the answer to your question, but we have -- and I think everybody knows that we've shifted our hedging. The parity point of crude pricing has shifted away from the Mid-Continent to the U.S. Gulf Coast, and so we’ve shifted our feedstock hedging from a WTI-related basis to a Brent-related basis. And the true WTI barrels that we run in McKee and Ardmore, we're hedging with WTI. Everything else has been shifted to a Brent basis. That had a negative impact on us in the first quarter. But as we head into the second quarter, we're getting it back, and with our long-term view that these spreads are going to come in, we believe that we're properly positioned. Plus just philosophically, it makes sense to use the paper, that the crude that you're running is pricing off of is the risk management tool. And so -- and then your question goes broader to our hedging program. I mean, we do -- or our trading program. We do things from time to time, Doug, but nothing material.
Joseph W. Gorder: And then I guess on the product side, we've got, Jeff, we’ve got this stuff in place to move the barrels out. I mean, we're -- at Port Arthur, we’re looking forward to having the high-quality, high-cetane diesels that we've put out in the market and export. And then at St. Charles, we’ve got the export capabilities, plus we're doing Parkway Pipeline project, which will allow us to move barrels out of that market up to Collins and then into Plantation or Colonial.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, I'll tell you, you said it, and it's true. I mean, the export markets are very strong right now. I mean, diesel growth and demand abroad is very high. We’re seeing diesel exports, not perhaps at the highest levels they've ever been, but certainly, very near that. And for the quarter, we exported 170,000 barrels a day of diesel. The bulk of that went to Europe. The rest of it went to Latin America. On the gasoline side, we're also seeing strong demand there. And again, gasoline exports are at very high levels historically. And for the quarter, we exported 80,000 barrels a day of gasoline, most of which went to Mexico and Latin America. If you look at the factors that are affecting the export market going forward, I mean, they're not factors that can readily change. I mean, Chile is importing as much, if not more, distillates as they ever have, and their demand continues to grow. So far this year, they're importing 83,000 barrels a day. Mexico's diesel imports were 105,000 barrels a day, and their Refining capacity just doesn't meet their internal demand for products. If you look at what's happening on the gasoline side, you've got Venezuela with capacity off-line. We've got Hovensa shut down, so that production is out of the market, Mexico gasoline imports have averaged 392,000 barrels per day. That's up 5% over the previous year, and Petrobras is importing significant volumes of gasoline and diesel. So all of these are based on solid economic activity and lack of supply. And so these aren't things that readily get addressed. Now how will Motiva affect this? Well, obviously, anytime you're going to put more product into the market, you're going to offset other product unless there's growth in the market. And so, who would be at risk in this case? It would be the marginal caps [ph]. It would be the marginal refiners, and that's not us.
Joseph W. Gorder: If we take a look at what we can do, you can swing Houston to run 100% light-sweet. Now this is all assuming that the economics makes sense for us to do this. You can run more light-sweet crude in Texas City, and we could run light-sweet crude in Port Arthur.
Joseph W. Gorder: No. They're reserving the space in the South segment for those that nominated space on the -- as part of the bullet line.
Joseph W. Gorder: From Hardisty. No, it would not affect our commitments from Hardisty South. We have our space. The committed shippers on the northern segment will have their space all the way down. Now when I ship from Cushing South, then we need to nominate incremental space. In other words, we've got our space all the way from Hardisty to the Gulf. But if we just say we want to move Mid-Continent barrels from Cushing South in addition, we would need to nominate.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Paul, the total current assets are $15.8 billion. Total current liabilities, $13.1 billion. Our cash is $1.6 billion as I'd mentioned in my notes, and then our current maturities are $1.1 billion.
Michael S. Ciskowski: That's correct. Okay, market value of our inventory is $14.2 billion, and value in excess of LIFO is $8.7 billion. Total debt, which includes...
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, we paid off the debt maturity, the $750 million. The remaining capital on the hydrocrackers, it's about -- Port Arthur, we look like we have about $300 million left and on St. Charles about $500 million left.
Michael S. Ciskowski: We have dipped into our AR line a little bit while we paid off this maturity. But we started the quarter with $1.6 billion of cash.
William R. Klesse: What I'm going to do going forward here is because we don't break out these refineries, we deal by system, so we're not going to give you any, going forward, how we're doing on the particular plant. So this would be kind of the last time. So at Meraux, we've had a very tough start; however, we've had a turnaround, several turnarounds. We had high crude costs come through, and so now as we get started here into the second quarter, we think Meraux is going to fit very well. You ask about Pembroke. Pembroke has largely been breakeven at the refinery. Marketing has been a little better, but basically, I'd just say to you, it's been a breakeven. Where we're working there is on cost and structure. Their costs are much higher than the way Valero will run these businesses going forward. And just to give you an idea, in April, Pembroke is very profitable. But -- so basically, we haven't made any money on either of these plants or the acquisitions, but we still think they fit very nicely for us, and we've made a lot of changes in 6 months.
William R. Klesse: Well, it wouldn't be related to our experience at Pembroke. We look at assets that come on the market because we’re very -- I guess I should add, we’re very satisfied with the Chevron acquisition. We just had to make some changes in the way Valero does business. And we had Joe Gorder over there, and he's made a lot of changes, and now, we're sending Eric Fisher over to run the business, and we'll be implementing these changes over the next year. So our experience and how it fits into our system, overall, and for the long term, we’re very satisfied. Now you ask about expansion in Europe, well, we’re very concerned about the financial crisis in the sense that's going on in Europe. We're concerned about, frankly, the very, very large refining overhang in Europe. And so, as we see these plants coming on the market, we're just going to be very, very cautious. It really has to fit into our system going forward.
William R. Klesse: Yes. So now we're to the U.S. Retail, we'll give you the Canada as well, and Gary Arthur is here who runs our Retail, so...
William R. Klesse: So you have a lot of questions there. In the Eagle Ford, the quality of the oil has actually been better than what was originally expected, that being it's a little heavier. So it's better quality oil. So we are running -- Joe told you, but we're running 100,000 barrels a day, and another month or 2, we’ll be even higher between Three Rivers, Corpus Christi and Houston. We are actually taking some to Houston. So that's been the higher quality. Some of the other basins, we're not really connected to, so it's been kind of an academic question so far. And obviously, the stuff in the Panhandle, Ardmore, has all been good quality oil. So now to condensate, yes, we would agree with all the chemical companies, from NGLs to condensates, that we see this -- and how you divide them sometimes gets a little hazy there. But we see a significant increase in ethanes, propanes, butanes, all these, geez even the C6's. So, yes, we see that coming to market. That's why I think somebody told me the other day, there is 9 ethylene plants announced, and this is the resurgence of the petrochemical industry in the United States. And we at Valero are looking for ways that we can participate where we bring real value to the conversation. So we continue to look at our options. But yes, your general statement is absolutely true. There is a significant increase in NGLs and condensates.
William R. Klesse: And we have a posting, and it's posted there, which you could look up, but I think it's LLS minus $6. But it's a posting, so it's readily available to anybody.
William R. Klesse: So Jeff let me go back and add a little more to Lane. So -- but the process we're checking, so it's mechanically complete, and then we have to check out these -- check it out here, and that's going to take us 3, 4 weeks. Then we have to do some pre-treating. Then you have to load the catalysts. So when you actually look at this thing, even though we've been training our people here for a year, actually, from mechanical completion to the point of starting up here is really going to take us between 60 and 90 days. So that if you actually look at this, where I've told some of you guys we could get this done in 6 weeks to 8 weeks, it's really going to take us a little longer than that because of some of the catalysts. Remember, these are high-pressure units running at 2,200 pounds. So we really won't see the benefit of the unit at Port Arthur until the fourth quarter in the P&L, and the same would be true at St. Charles. It'll probably spill to very late in the first quarter or actually see the full benefit in the second quarter.
William R. Klesse: I would not make that assumption. It is tied to the free cash flow. I have said that we will look at our dividend again in July as we completed the Port Arthur hydrocracker. We also have $750 million of debt that matures here in April.
William R. Klesse: We already paid. We also actually called $107 million of tax exempt debt that was economic to call, and that gets paid, right here, first of May.
William R. Klesse: Later this week. So we are also working the interest rate arbitrage that you have on our debt. So there's things that we're doing with our cash. But our intent, Blake, is to return cash to the shareholders as we’ve said and have one of the highest yields among our peer group, and we continue to do that, and we think our equity is still very inexpensive.
William R. Klesse: I think I would add to this that Joe mentioned Hovensa is down. We've shut Aruba down. Aruba made distillate. It did not make gasoline. Marcus Hook is down. Trainer is down, but I guess it's coming back. So if you look at just the basics in the U.S. supply, even though some is East Coast, some is Gulf Coast, really Motiva is just kind of filling in a void that these refineries have left. So I think, initially, there'll be some logistics as people try to jockey things around. Some will go in the pipelines because Colonial has done an expansion. Plantation has some room. And some will get exported, but on the other hand, there's been refineries taken off-line, and just remember that Curaçao is limping along. And obviously, the Venezuelans are really no longer in the export market.
William R. Klesse: Well, I think it's a very fair question. Remember on our slide, there is a little bit of a dilemma of where you make the cut between some of the lights and the mediums. So if you're looking at our slide, let's just stick with our numbers and -- because we probably have some medium crude in there. But basically, the U.S. is going to push out of the Gulf Coast the light-sweet crude. Now it is happening quickly. Eagle Ford production is increasing dramatically, and that is getting to the Coast. Some of the other crudes, Enterprise says they're going to start up -- Enterprise, Enbridge will start up Seaway here in May, right? In May, don't forget you have Magellan on Longhorn, so you have all these things that are going to happen in the next year. So all that crude is coming. The big piece of that, though, I will remind you and our assumptions is that BP at Whiting where BP’s heavy-up [ph] project, and so that's a big, sort of like 200,000 barrels a day of the volume that basically gets pushed back into Cushing. So we still think it's a '14, '15, but your question is correct. It makes a little difference where you're cutting the lights and the mediums.
William R. Klesse: Well, we believe there's still too much refining capacity in the U.S., as well as certainly, Western Europe. So the Atlantic Basin has too much refining capacity. So how does the industry balance it? It balances by reducing operating rate. And so, as these plants, certainly as Trainer appears that it's going to come back into the market, it's going to put some refined product back in there, and that will affect the operating rates. But the industry is slowly rationalizing capacity. It just does. Some things die hard.
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if it includes grassroots in the sense of businesses where we don't participate. I mean, you need to bring some value to this conversation. But we make benzene, toluene, xylene and we make a lot of propylene today. I'm sure we do something else. Is there anything else we make? But we're big in propylene here. So we've looked at mixed xylenes. Obviously, these condensates, actually I think, will replace some oil long-term into gasoline. So there's a lot of that type of thing, and we're looking at how do we take advantage of this because if you think strategically about Valero, we largely make fuel, and 80% of our output is fuel, and it doesn't necessarily all have to come from oil.
William R. Klesse: 110,000 at Corpus and at Three Rivers, and then we're doing 30,000 or so at Houston. Then we have numerous pre flash options and things that allow us 30,000 here, 40,000 there, at some of our other plants, which we can do because it loads up our light engine. Beyond that, we are still basically a heavy complex coking refiner. And we still believe, strategically, that the Keystone Pipeline is going to be built. It's going to be built on Obama's time scale, which is first quarter of '13. We think that there will be approval if he wins election and that the pipeline will get done here by the end of '14 or early '15 and that heavy crude oil will come to the U.S. Gulf Coast. So -- but Valero still brings value in being able to operate these coking-type refineries. And it'll all be driven economically with our LPs, which will squeeze in as much of the light crude if it's priced properly.
William R. Klesse: Okay. So I'll give you some numbers because obviously we do all this work. We could run about 85,000 at Houston, 40,000 at Texas City, 40,000 at Port Arthur, 20,000 at St. Charles and 50,000 or so at Meraux and so, we can do those kind of things so...
William R. Klesse: Well, what we would be forced to do is look at being able to run more light-sweet -- light and medium crudes in some our refineries, because it would all be dependent on what the diff is for the heavy sour.
William R. Klesse: And so this is what Gene's getting into more detail is this is what happens every single day here. We have a whole department that runs these models for us, and it would just be -- if we don't have the discounts out there for heavy sour, we're optimizing the system all the time. Remember, we're buying our oil every day.
William R. Klesse: Well, we would -- we might do some pre flashing. But the issue you went into, quite frankly, is you load up your gas plant and your light end capability. And so those projects certainly become bigger. And then we have to be honest. In the world where we live in today, it is extremely difficult to get these permits as long as we have to do CO2. In Texas, it's terrible, and Kim's here, and she's telling that even in Louisiana and other states, it's extremely difficult now.
William R. Klesse: It's just we just have felt that, that's going to be very difficult to have happen. But I wouldn't say we're giving you a scientific or any better answer here than you would have yourself.
William R. Klesse: Well, it's a very good question. Now we aren't blending or anything at a terminal, so this is all at refineries. Now we are, at St. Charles and at Corpus Christi, putting in facilities that will let us run a broader selection of crudes, and then we will blend them for the process unit, because we'd like to show the process unit a relatively steady diet here of crude. So we actually have -- 2 of our plants have projects underway right now. One is tankage. One is a lot of pipe, to allow us to blend crudes for the unit, which would let us run a broader spectrum of crude. And we're looking at the same type of projects for the other plants as well. So we're doing it at the refineries, and it lets us then optimize that crude cost.
William R. Klesse: As of today, we've just suspended operations. So we are working all our options and still continue to work our options. And so, it's a different situation than some of the other numbers that you've seen in the marketplace. But ours would be less than $100 million, but the facts are that's not what -- we're working really some options here that will be good for our shareholders.
William R. Klesse: Well, Arjun, we are taking action. Our costs at Benicia are too high, and we've been addressing that to get our per barrel cost down and we continue to work that. But the California market is a big market, and we still have 11% unemployment in California, so they have many, many economic issues in the state. The thing that is struggling to us is that their policies, primarily from CARB, are extremely anti-business, and the consumer really does not understand how much his prices are going to go up, which is what CARB wants so that they get the conservation. So you asked a proper question. We’re trying to optimize our portfolio so that we can compete long-term, and we're trying to evaluate all of these issues and what our real potential is on the West Coast.
William R. Klesse: Yes, we can. You guys are asking us things that we have not engineered here. So we're off in a thing here -- the conversation is probably 4 years out. But yes, if we -- if that's what happens. But I want to emphasize what we do every day and, frankly, what all our competitors do every day is they're running their LPs, and they play -- they go to a crude mix that they believe is optimal for that facility. And what we're doing right now is we're building some tankage at St. Charles, we're doing work at Corpus Christi, that allows us to blend crudes, give us more flexibility here so that we can run and buy some other crudes that are priced economically.
William R. Klesse: When they're available. But as this volume continues to increase, we, as everybody, will wind up being able to run more of this light and medium crude oils. Because we will do things around our plants to let us do it, because we do believe that LLS is going to sell at a discount to Brent, and that's the main point that will drive you that way.
William R. Klesse: Well, it will benefit in the sense that -- what product prices are. But your observation is correct. Memphis runs an LLS plus because Capline flows north. So this goes all the way back to a question earlier that someone asked about Capline going south. Also, some crudes can come into the refinery by water as well, but the plant runs LLS plus. It does have a very strong local market though. It has -- I guess it's -- the largest rack in our system are very close, and we have a big customer for turbine fuel, and so we operate in more of a regional capacity at the Memphis plant.
William R. Klesse: The guys are looking it up. Remember, at McKee, we had the catcracker down. We're still running some oil there, but we have a big turnaround going on. So the McKee hydrogen plant has not run to capacity yet. We’ve got the numbers here.
William R. Klesse: We're probably going to go ahead and issue some tax exempt bonds that we have the ability to do. So if you want a good number, I'm going to say to you 7 1 or 7 2.
Lane Riggs: So in terms of -- we anticipate starting up Port Arthur as mentioned earlier, in the second half, and then we'll finish mechanical completion on St. Charles right at year-end. We have start-up teams on the ground already, working to get these things started up over the licensors and our own internal refinery experts, and we have a pretty good strategy in terms of trying to acquire feed -- getting the feedstock for them, and so we're working through all that.
Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane again. No, we did all the tie-ins and all that tie-in work on previous turnarounds, so we don't anticipate a throughput on the rest of the refinery to start these up.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs. So the numbers you heard from Bill earlier in terms of the amount of light sweet crudes into each one of the refineries is pretty much the number on a blended basis into these refineries up to sort of a light ends constraint or a crude tower shell capacity constraint making -- backing out medium sour or light-sweet in that refinery.
Lane Riggs: We would. We look at the relative value of these domestic sweets or any sweets for that matter versus the medium sour, and we increment up to a constraint on the refinery, and that's so -- the numbers that Bill had given you earlier is roughly our constraint to a light end constraint or a shell capacity. Probably backing out depending on the refinery whether it could be medium sour or sweet.
Lane Riggs: Not much. Like Bill said, we would -- to do more than we have the capacity today, we'll have to put some pre flash towers in some of our heavy sour locations because the shell capacity of those towers really were designed to run a heavier diet. So it'd be tough...
Paul Sankey: And then if there was -- sorry to just press the subject a bit, but it's very interesting and a very big story as far as we're concerned...
Paul Sankey: But what I'm wondering, Bill, is at what point would you actually start investing to up your light. I mean, obviously, I guess you wouldn't do that until you were sure Keystone was not going to happen.
Paul Sankey: Okay. Is there any sense of what level is? Sorry to keep pressing on this, but it's kind of crucial.
