Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the third quarter. In fact, we set a record for third quarter earnings per share. Finding margins were supported by strong product demand against the backdrop of low product inventories, which remained at 5-year lows despite high refinery utilization rates globally. The strength in demand was evident in our U.S. wholesale system, which matched the second quarter record of over 1 million barrels per day of sales volume. Our refineries operated well and achieved 95% throughput capacity utilization in the third quarter, which is a testament to our team's continued focus on operational excellence. We continue to prioritize strategic projects that enhance the earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage. The DGD Sustainable Aviation Fuel, or SaaS project at Port Arthur remains on schedule and is expected to be complete in 2025. Once complete, we expect the Arthur plant [ph] to have the optionality to upgrade up to 50% of its current of 470 million-gallon annual renewable diesel production capacity at SaaS. The project is estimated to cost $315 million, with half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, Diamond Green Diesel is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SaaS in the world. On the financial side, we honored our commitment to shareholder returns with a payout ratio of 68% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities through dividends and share repurchases in the third quarter and we ended the third quarter with a net debt to capitalization ratio of 17%. In closing, while there are broader factors that may drive volatility markets, we remain focused on things we can control. This includes operating our assets efficiently in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner, maintaining capital discipline by adhering to a minimum return threshold for growth projects and honoring our commitment to shareholder returns. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Lane Riggs: So to the second part, Sam. It's -- we really had a view since I want to say the 20 -- early '20 teens where we saw the diesel would be sort of the fuel of the future. If is the economic driver. So not only did we do the coker that you alluded to here recently. We also built a 2 big hydro cracker. We revamped the 2 big hydrocrackers, this is all in an effort to make our system more robust and its ability to move around and specifically be able to move towards making more and more distillate out of our assets.
Lane Riggs: I'm going to hand this off to Gary and Greg, I think, Gary, you might answer the heavy sour part and then Greg wanted to answer this capture rate on the coker.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. So the way I would -- I agree with you, and that's -- we still believe we can -- we'll spend somewhere between $0.5 billion to $1 billion a year of strategic capital. But when you look at sort of what's the nature of those, certainly on the refining side, they are going to be shorter cash cycle types of projects instead of a big like a coker type project there'll be a series of small projects. And then when you further drill down and what do we look for? We look for refining projects to lower our cost to produce. We also like projects and improve our reliability and then, of course, we like to hold renewable line in terms of its ability for us to drop the carbon intensity of our fuels. And as you also said, we're very careful about our communication on projects. We'd like to be a little closer to FID or at FID before we really talk about them.
Lane Riggs: I would say we didn't -- the third quarter is always going to be a period where you don't have a lot of turn on activity. I mean some of it might leak over from the second or you might start a little bit going into the fourth. But system industry-wide, we're not unique in that sense. Most of your turnaround work is either done in the first and second or the fourth quarter. And so it should be a high utilization. And obviously, we've emphasized reliability got for the last, I don't know, more than a decade, we have the programs that we have. So you would expect us when we're not having turnarounds to have a pretty high level of utilization of our assets.
Lane Riggs: Yes, we absolutely see. California has become kind of the ore of the RD market. We see more opportunity in Oregon, Washington and Canada as kind of the growth opportunities. And so we absolutely look to maximize our product sales into those markets. California continues to talk about the obligation for 2030. They sort of pushed off a lot of their -- they're still doing a lot of their conferences and workshops on that. We still fully expect that at some point, they are going to announce the changes to be effective sometime next year, and that will increase the LCFS price in California. So -- but in the meantime, we continue to look at -- again, you kind of mentioned that. We still have the advantages being on the Gulf Coast. Do you have access to all of the global feedstocks. You have access to all the global markets so it gives us a lot of capability to go to different markets. And we continue to see waste oils advantaged versus vegetable oils from a CI standpoint. So you look at that low-cost producer on the Gulf Coast, that just continues to be kind of the winning formula for being able to have flexibility to go to different markets in the RD space [ph].
Lane Riggs: It’s been a couple of years, Neil. I'm just -- but it's been great. You always got to remember, I was an integral part of really Joe's team really from the beginning of his [indiscernible] you've mentioned, it's been a very successful one. So are there things that I'm trying to do maybe a little bit differently, I'd say I put my thumb on the scale for issues maybe a little bit and maybe unweighted others. But largely speaking, our strategy is the same because it was successful and it's currently successful. I don't know that I have any real plans to deviate from that. Obviously, the world can change and we respond accordingly. But the world looks at least -- this business looks a whole life like it did a year ago. So our outlook is pretty much unchanged.
Lane Riggs: Yes. The ethanol obviously has had a good year this year with lower corn prices and low natural gas prices. So the ethanol margins have been, I would say, higher than what we would call a mid-cycle but it's not really exceptionally higher than mid-cycle. It's actually been fairly strong. But I would say, looking back historically, ethanol is always kind of a steady drumbeat business. We do see that the biggest opportunity here is still this low-carbon opportunity and some of the growth in other markets in the world. Again, we are 30% of the export capability of ethanol for the U.S. And so we see this interest in the world, lowering its carbon footprint by increasing its ethanol blending. So Canada, has become an E10 country almost overnight. There's talk about that going to E15 next year. We're seeing other countries that are starting to look at incremental ethanol blending. And then there's a lot of interest in ethanol as a feedstock into chemicals and solvents and paints. And so I think we still see a lot of good opportunities for ethanol globally that I think will keep us in a very strong margin environment. And then obviously, I mean, so much of that depends on weather, ultimately. I mean, obviously, no one can control that. But the U.S. is a big ag country. We have a lot of capability to grow a lot of corn. And so as long as that holds up, then I think ethanol has got a good outlook.
Lane Riggs: No, I was just going to answer you -- I think it was your same question around turnarounds. We sort of have a policy for a while that we don't give any real outlook on our turnaround or the industry turnaround behavior. So.
Lane Riggs: I think -- if I understand, Paul, back to winter blending. Obviously, [indiscernible], butane is relatively cheap. And we always look at economic signals to try to determine how much gasoline are produced and that compares to sort of the reformulated grade, they might require less butane. And then there are specs that you hit, I mean you would think you would get near 10% in butane in full, but a lot of times we hit other specifications and the finished gasoline besides RVP. And so I mean, it's a fair.
Lane Riggs: Jason, this is Lane. Look -- directionally correct, but we still have to -- some of our cash obviously goes to sustaining our asset. So that's something that we're committed to. So we want to make sure that we're, a, that we are -- we had the earnings potential, our assets stay in a posture that we can always generate the right earnings with the market conditions and second, we maintain the dividend. And then we do believe we still have this sort of $0.5 billion to $1 billion of strategic capital in all that's done, all the excess cash will go to buybacks.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again. I would say that we look at all these opportunities and all the business lines that I alluded earlier. And we have an entire group, our innovation group that's constantly looking at how can we bolt on and leverage our existing footprint, which, obviously, we have a big footprint in ethanol, we have a pretty big footprint renewable diesel. And we're also looking at everything else. Everything is on the table. We're always looking at it, but we are also very careful in terms of how we talk about it and how we're going to announce things. In terms of how we finance it, it's just a matter of when we -- as the world evolves, we'll come up with the best way that we think to finance something. But obviously, all these things have to go through sort of our investment gated process.
Lane Riggs: So Roger, this is Lane. So as you know our history, we were a big consolidator in the industry going back to 2000. That to really our last major acquisition was sort of circa 2013. That's when our base became somewhat like it looks today. So we understand probably as well as any operator out there would it take to buy something or to merge something and get it on our system and all the costs associated with it. And we always get everything that we think within reason. I mean we always analyze everything and -- we haven't bought anything like I said, since 2013 on any refining assets. You never say never. We look at everything, and we'll again, like I alluded to on Jason's question, we'll run it through our processes and figure out where there anything that makes sense for us or not.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I think as I mentioned before, there's this kind of constant talk about oncoming production, increased rates, Arthurs [ph] projects that has always said at some point the D4 is going to be under pressure especially since the EPA did not raise the D4 obligation in their last set rule. So I think though, is -- and then we combine that with there is this kind of a rush, I think, look like to me kind of a rush to sell RINs in the third quarter with that narrative, combined with that Russian announcement that they were going to ban exports, which kind of quickly evaporated. So there's, I think, a kind of a more of a temporary view that the D4 [ph] was going to drop even more. And like you've observed, it's kind of recovered and fat prices have also since adjusted. We could see that biodiesel and veg oil RD is negative now. That's one of the things we've always said is that the lower CI waste oil play was always going to be more advantageous. So even at these lower credit values, we're still the advantage platform. So as you go into 2024, obviously, obligations already set. It's hard to tell exactly where that's going to go. There's no doubt that R&D will continue to grow. We do see that for us, you're going to see R&D continue to grow, as we talked before, Canada is a big outlet, which takes a lot of this RIN exposure away and then you also obviously have the SAP project come on, where we'll diversify into a different market. And so -- and then and if for some reason, SAP doesn't work, that product also meets Arctic diesel grades that again, go to Nordic countries and Canada. So there's no doubt that there's going to be a continued pressure on the RINs for both the D4 and D6 but our strategy has always been -- there's other markets that you can minimize the impact of that. And then with our platform, we're still the most advantaged from a cost and CI standpoint.
Lane Riggs: No, we usually don't give that kind of detail. I would say it wasn't large, just [indiscernible] at that.
Gary Simmons: It's Gary. Yes, I think you had several factors that contributed to the sharp sell-out on gasoline. You kind of had the market view that hurricane season was over, you were approaching RVP transition. And then the DOE put out some fairly pessimistic demand numbers. And so all that kind of hit at once and caused a fairly significant sell-off in gasoline. In terms of the outlook going forward, we'd expect gasoline to kind of follow typical seasonal patterns, weaker cracks, kind of the fourth quarter and first quarter. The thing we're really looking at, as you know, the fundamental that looks good to us is the market structure still doesn't really support storing summer-grade gasoline, putting gasoline in New York Harbor for driving season next year. So as long as that's the case, our view would be that when you get to driving season next year, demand picks back up, you'll see cracks respond.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So really, the key driver on the light-heavy differentials continues to be the 4.5 million barrels a day that OPEC Plus has off the market. So we saw fairly tight differentials in the third quarter. They have moved wider despite the geopolitical issues that you've discussed. Some of that is just typical seasonal patterns. You've had less high sulfur fuel burn for power generation in the Middle East. So high sulfur fuel discounts widen some. We've seen some turnaround activity, especially in PADD 2 that pushed some heavy seller back on the market as differentials to widen out. Freight markets actually have a fairly significant impact on those differentials as well. So freight moving higher is causing the differentials to move. But we kind of see until the OPEC+ comes back on the market that you'll have narrower heavy sour differentials and they'll follow typical seasonal patterns.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So on the first part of the question in terms of even more seasonality around gasoline, I can't say that we're really seeing that. We did see sales throughout our whole system fall off a little bit after Labor Day but they've actually recovered quite nicely, and we're back into that 1 million barrels a day of sales. Gasoline sales year-over-year are up 2% in the current market from where they were last year at this time. Diesel sales are up a little stronger at 8% so I don't think it really is a seasonability factor that's impacting gasoline at least in the domestic markets.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we've seen heavy sour discounts widen back out. In Canada, they're back on apportionment on the pipeline. It looks like forecast for fairly robust production in Canada. You're seeing is welling back on the market. And then our view is, even when this focus does start up, it may take some eye off the market probably increases fuel yield from Mexico. And so that coker, we can use that as a feedstock as well. And I'll let Greg address the capture question.
Gary Simmons: Ryan, this is Gary. I think our view of PADD 5 is that with the renewable diesel coming into the market, the market should be well supplied on the distillate side but it's going to be very tight on gasoline. You just don't have the gasoline production that you used to have with the refinery conversions. And so when one refinery goes down, it's going to create a lot of shortness in the market.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So if you look, there's about 250,000 barrels a day of exports in Venezuela, most of that volume is going to the Far East. But with the lifting of sanctions, it has the potential to make its way to the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So diesel demand remains very strong. I guess I mentioned diesel sales in our system are up about 8% year-over-year. Our view of the broader markets is that diesel demand in the U.S. is probably down about 1% year-to-date from where it was last year, and that's mainly due to the warmer winter we had last year. Our guys' estimate, we lost about 125,000 barrels a day of diesel demand due to the warmer weather. So inventories remain below the 5-year average level, demand remains good. So you're heading into winter with low inventories, and we would expect strong diesel cracks through the winter and could get very strong if we have a colder winter.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I'll take the first part of it and then let Rich Walsh handle the second part. Yes, our exports, if you look at the exports in the third quarter, we did 389,000 barrels a day, 281 a distillate, 108 of gasoline. Based on second quarter, the volumes are up based on historic numbers, they trended up as well to our typical export locations. Most of the line went to Latin America, about 70% of the diesel in Latin America and about 30% to Europe. And those are remaining at those levels as we move into the fourth quarter.
Greg Bram: Yes. And Doug, what I'd say about the cokers, it operated very well for the quarter, certainly consistent with our expectations. And so the project is generating good strong economic value, both by lowering feedstock, some of the things Gary is talking about and also enabling us to increase throughput.
Greg Bram: John, this is Greg. So we can flex quite a bit. What you'll tend to see us do is when the medium grades look attractive, we'll ramp that up and kind of back down to both the lights and the heavies conversely, when heavy sours get more attractive relative to the medium grades will ramp up the heavies. I don't remember the exact percentages. We can get those to you. I think they might actually be in our -- in IR deck yet. Page 30 there. But that tends to be what drives us to kind of swing between those different grades.
Greg Bram: Yes, Paul, this is Greg. So you're right. You definitely increase the amount of primarily butane that you blend into the gasoline. It ranges depending on which region ring and the change in specs, it's in the 5% to 10% range. And then you're right that to the extent that butane has a higher octane than the pool, it does allow you to put more of the lower octane component into the blend [indiscernible] one of those right now that looks pretty attractive.
