Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thank you, John. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call.  With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, Executive Vice President.  If you have not received the earnings call -- the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segment. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call, that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, if you're interested in looking for details on this turnarounds and the timing, you can find those on our website.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, Faisel, it's -- depending on what's price deck you use. We've given pretty much every slide deck for the past nearly a year. We've given them -- example, economic based on different price decks. If you use 2010 pricing, it's an extra $105 million a year of EBITDA, it's when the '11 pricing includes in the 4 curves less a couple of months. It's $150 million of EBITDA and that's incremental. And it's basically because you're making your hydrogen out in natural gas instead of destroying the expensive oil to do so. So you'll see margin uplift and it will basically drop down to EBITDA.
Ashley M. Smith: That's the base operations are generally going to be unaffected, not like take your big turnaround or something. It will just -- it will be incremental.
Ashley M. Smith: Yes, in the third quarter, we were up a little bit for gasoline versus prior quarters, up around 75,000 to 80,000 barrels a day, and on diesel side, it was again up from the second quarter up to about 165,000 barrels a day of diesel exports. And the gas has been going where it has been going, pretty much south of the border to Mexico or other parts of Latin America. The diesel has been going to split between Europe and Latin America.
Ashley M. Smith: Chi, it's going to depend, I guess, the margin barrel that's on the water, of course, it's probably going to price like Brent at this point. But if you're in a field, or if you have a refinery on the field and you've cut deals then you get different pricing, and that's how things work.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay, thanks, John. I just want to thank investors for listening to today's call. If you have any questions, please contact me or Matt in the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
William R. Klesse: Yes, if I can add to this, Doug, our operations have improved a lot. Our people are doing a fine job. We have several excellent reduction -- cost reduction efforts under way. For Valero, we used it, really as we're looking at the refinery going forward as a feedstock source to our big conversion operations along in our large conversion operations along the Gulf coast. So in a way, it's a front end for us. We're looking at some reconfiguration as to where we actually do hydro-treating. But the facts are, we're still very interested in finding a partner or some relationship that allows us to process very sour, heavy crude or high-TAN crude, which the refinery can do.
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if I have any insight, but what's going on is under the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, there is a certain protocol passed by and the Clean Air Act was passed by congress. And so the EPA and when it looks at ethanol being added to fuels and other -- primarily, ethanol reflected then and vapor pressure and the emissions, feels like they need to drop the sulfur to honor the commitment of the Clean Air Act and drop it to 10 ppm average, but it's under debate still. Well, the whole issue is, but the ceiling as to whether it's going to be a 30 ppm max or an 80 ppm max. Today, we have an 80 ppm max, 30 ppm average and then Tier III, you'll have different numbers. So it's all being discussed. Our industry is against it. It will raise the cost for the consumer, and we think it is an extremely marginal benefit for the -- if any benefit at all.
William R. Klesse: Let me add to this. The February 1 at St. Charles is a huge turnaround for us. We're going to replace the coke drums. Many of you that follow us know, we've had this coke drum issue at Port Arthur and at St. Charles, and -- which was an engineering design and what we are doing is replacing the coke drums we did at Port Arthur this year and next year, we're going to do it at St. Charles. To do this lift at St. Charles, extends this turnaround -- I think, we released it this morning and at 70 days. But it's a very large turnaround for us at St. Charles. But that will then put these issues we've had with the cokers, except for some vapor lines behind us.
William R. Klesse: Let me just finish in the turnarounds. We announced that this morning and so the release went out as to our turnarounds in the schedule.
William R. Klesse: Well, I don't know if I can speak to the pricing conditions. But there's certainly several refineries for sale. We believe we bought the 2 refineries we purchased here recently at very, very good numbers. They fit into our portfolio, strategically too. We wanted to step out some, so if we could done that. When you look at where Valero trades relative to what we purchased in these refineries, we actually paid for -- purchased them for less than what we trade. Obviously, there's quite a few assets on the market. And then just to anticipate the next question, because I can't speak to the pricing except that I've said a couple of times it's a buyers market. And it continues to be that way, it's a general statement. But in Valero's particular case, we're only interested in acquisitions that fits us strategically and that is accretive and has to be both, if it's not fitting us strategically, we're not interested. And there is no case I can think of that we would issue any equity on any situation that's out there.
William R. Klesse: Well, I think, as you look at us, which is a general cash question, in the volatility we see in the markets today, we will hold more cash than we would have historically. And I've said that, consistently. But when you have crude oil price move $5 to $8 in about a 3-day span, we just think you have to do that today. Now, what is happening with us is obviously, we're having much better financial performance this year. We think many of the things that contributed to this year's financial performance are going to continue next year. And so we're anticipating a good year next year as well. And then we have a very high capital spending. But those strategic projects are coming to an end, and we can see the light at the end of the tunnel. So when you begin to combine our performance, our cash balances, that our strategic projects will be completed, some as -- Mike said right now, some the big hydrocrackers next year. Clearly, we have more cash available. And then, you take the next step and we've demonstrated it here just in this quarter, and going into the fourth, we expect to pay one of the highest dividends among our peer group going forward. We will buy our stock periodically, especially as we think the stock is undervalued. And we, as management, clearly, think our stock is undervalued. As a little side issue or a side comment, the reliance discussion, this rumor that was out there, one of the benefits has been to point out to the investment community, the earnings power of our portfolio and our company. So that was actually a benefit here of a rumor, but we have lots of earnings power. Our projects are coming to an end, and we think our stock is terribly undervalued.
William R. Klesse: Well – this is Klesse. We continue to improve the operation. We have several things that would reduce our costs, but it is a very good front-end of our refinery that can run very, as I said, heavies and high-TAN crudes. And so we'll continue to improve the operation. And it will be then that refinery, when we run around 200,000 barrels a day makes about 70,000 barrels a day of BGO. And we'll charge that to our hydrocrackers that come on next year. So for us, we see improving its cost structure and using it as a front-end of our refinery. There's 200,000 barrels a day of crude, vacuum coking there that completes our operations.
William R. Klesse: Yes, it's difficult rates we run out there. It's SJV, KLM, some South American grades like Oriente, Napo, Castilla, all those things actually kept -- had better pricing versus ANS. Versus ANS is the key there, Mark.
William R. Klesse: Okay. The Port Arthur hydrocracker will be finished midyear. So we're saying third quarter would start up, then third, fourth quarter. And the St. Charles hydrocracker will be finished by year end, would start up then occurring then, and then in the first quarter.
William R. Klesse: We will not go down to tie up time in. Everything will be where ever we have tie-ins, valves are hanger [ph] at things your hot, where ever there are tie-ins. Now if you're asking how long a start-up, these are huge projects, so 2 weeks to 1 month.
William R. Klesse: I think that we will put our own spin into the plant. We're profit focused. We're in this business to make money. But as far as the statement of we run different than Chevron, for instance, Chevron's a very well-run company. So I would tell you just, hey, you're going to see our spin because we intend to make money.
William R. Klesse: Well, we see the export market continuing to be very strong and Ashley is going to give you some numbers here.
William R. Klesse: I think, Paul, we don't understand your question. I think we missed a word that must've been missed in a sense.
William R. Klesse: I'm not really looking at it that way. It's much more opportunistic, but we did by 13.5 million shares below 20. And we manage our cash, so it's the whole balance.
William R. Klesse: Well, you can rest assured we've dug into it. We have a very good strategic position on the West Coast. We have very good operations. However, we think state policy, AB32, other fiscal policies, regulations, continue to adversely affect the economy. They adversely affect jobs. They have adversely affected consumer. We think all these policies seem to turn their back on the negative economic impacts. We are hopeful that the voters which consumers will eventually realize that these policies are economically ruining the state. AB32 was of 12-page bill. CARB has now spent over $100 million trying to develop regulations in 5 years. It is a going along policy. The people of California are going to pay. And as to us, we're looking at our options.
William R. Klesse: But clearly your observation is correct. Take away capacities being built in Eagle Ford, the crude is able to -- more of it is moving to the market. We have raised our postings in order to keep it in the area, but it's still discounted relative to the other crudes. An so, it's still -- we still think Three Rivers and the volume we're going to run at Corpus are going to be very economic crudes bars. And remember, we used to run all foreign crude at Three Rivers.
William R. Klesse: Yes, we -- Sam, we have a project. We've engineered at McKee. It's less than $100 million project, but it does let us run more oil. It's a little bit over the same lines that Ashley talked about, the Eagle Ford crude where the refinery is in the field. We're seeing more and more crude discovered and available to the McKee refinery. So we have a project that would let us do that and right now, we're anticipating doing that project. However, it takes 18 months to 24 months to get a permit. We're just about to file our permit application or have filed our permit application. So depending on how long that takes, which is 1.5 years, and then some construction period after that. But the McKee refinery sits right there in the Panhandle we're seeing more crude and this is just a little de-bottlenecking, as I said. It's less than $100 million project.
William R. Klesse: Yes. We are working a project in conjunction with the government of Aruba in order to bring an LNG. And that project it's been under -- we've been working on it for many months and we're down into the -- where we're getting solicitations on supply right now. And the engineering is largely done. And yes, it has a very favorable economics, both for our refinery, including reliability. And it also is very favorable to the people of Aruba because of their power costs. So exactly correct, and we are working that project. And then on top of that, a little longer-term, I believe it's Repsol is looking as spudding a well there because they believe they're going to find natural gas there as well in the water. So there's many things changing actually all over the world on the CNP side.
William R. Klesse: Yes. We're interested in the line 9 reversal and obviously so is Petro Canada and others. But that only takes the crude oil to Montréal then you have to add some agreement to get it over to Portland. But yes, depends on the differentials between WTI and Brent now, in this case, but yes, we would think it would give us some advantage if we could get that crude.
William R. Klesse: Well, I thought I was addressing it, but we're still -- we're a refining company. We also have a marketing operation, Ethanol business and some of the assets are available for our numbers that are attractive. So if it's strategic, if it's accretive, Valero is still interested or is going to look. The last 2 acquisitions that we have done, we purchased for less than where Valero is trading. So we think we can add value. But on the other hand, we're extremely selective and I've said there's no intent whatsoever of issuing equity.
William R. Klesse: Yes, Europe is still of interest. We've been very public in the fact that we now have established a position there, at least in the U.K. We have said there's a refinery nearby that Valero would be interested in. And -- but otherwise, we're not working on anything in Europe.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, sure. Total current assets are $15.9 billion, total current liability is $11.7 billion. Market value in excess of LIFO value is $7.1 billion. Our long-term debt and capital leases is $7.6 billion.
Michael S. Ciskowski: The number that I gave you, the 3.46 is what's remaining. And then in addition to that, we can purchase dilution under our benefit plans.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It's still economic infinite to run, but also the last couple of quarters have either had turnarounds or other unseen outages like Memphis had some issues in the third quarter. It probably would've been up around that level, and that was the original guidance range until Memphis had justify a bit affected the crude, I believe. It's -- otherwise, it's what we would have expected.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, the crush spread isn't necessarily will tell you how to get to EBITDA because our margins are a little bit different because of distillerates [ph] and some by-products you make. We look at our average margin on an EBITDA basis to being about $0.35 a gallon over the quarter -- for the entire quarter. I think if you just look at the financial -- I mean, the markers with corn, ethanol and source rate, it would've been more like $0.30, but I think if corn prices dropped, we got a little bit of extra benefit there just on our corn position. So that we made up if you look at the some of the gallons we made and the numbers that Mike told you earlier, it is right at $0.35 a gallon.
S. Eugene Edwards: Remember, Faisel, it's still mandated. We're blending ethanols in about 91% of the total U.S. gasoline right now. I think that's going to continue. Ethanol is trading above gasoline now for about probably the first time this year as it turns out, we're about $0.35 a gallon over gasoline. So the worst case I look at it right now is if you go back to comparing the gasoline, our current EBITDA on our plants is around $0.69 a gallon. So if we lost $0.35 of that, we'd still have a very positive margin. But like I said it's driven by a mandate so the supply demand exports have been strong into Brazil and to Europe as well, so that's supporting the price. I think it's the supply/demand says that all plants need to run right now, including some of the peripheral plants that don't have a good acorn logistics. So we think that we'll have a good margins at our plants because they're well situated on the corn supply. But right now, margins are just excellent, though.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think you are. This is Gene. Obviously, the European barrels do float to the U.S. East Coast and having that capacity to shutdown is going to create opportunity. However, there is -- it's a whole Atlantic basin market in those, the marginal refineries are going to be under pressure just like they have been this year. So but it does give an advantage to well situated refineries in Europe. We think Pembroke is at that category.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, I think the main factor is just with the crude in the $100 range for -- and the natural gas are in the $4 range. It gives these projects a good uplift because it's basically a gas to a liquids-type projects as far as the majority of the benefit. So just a crack is kind of a secondary compared to the volume lift you get from natural gas.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, this is Gene again. We're basically operating how Murphy was operating before, but we are starting to cash through some synergies, we're going to integrate it in with our feedstock supply, so we pick up some synergies there. We also -- the products, there are a lot of Murphy was using supply their Florida business, we're just using and optimizing our overall system. We find the high cetane of the diesel that's produced there of the hydrocracker, we'll find that some synergies are blending that with St. Charles diesel. Procurement side, I think we'll see some advantages on our purchasing power going forward. So in that affect we're kind of running it as is today, pretty much the way McKee did just on -- I'll take a constant synergy.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, right now, we can run medium-sour crude. It runs about 1/3 of sweet crudes, which -- well, we always try to optimize that based on where the light-sweet spreads are. We can go to sour to sweeten up even more if the economic say so. Right now, we're pretty much in this 2/3 sour, 1/3 sweet still.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, the sellers grain do you get about -- only about 2/3 of your corn is converted, about 1/3 of it ends up at still storage grain and that has been a pretty strong market. So I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but that's the primary byproducts you're producing.
S. Eugene Edwards: Jeff, this is Gene. Obviously, those are Valero's export numbers, the industry numbers are about 900,000 barrels a day, diesel are in about 500,000 barrels a day of gasoline, if you look at the DOE numbers.
S. Eugene Edwards: No, like I mentioned earlier. We're finding some synergies with Meraux and St. Charles, which typically the past did not export European grade, but by putting those streams together, we're finding out we can make any EN590 or European specs, so we're looking to see what we can do there.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, the PAD one is tied on distillate, but if you look at the Continental Europe, it's also very tight so I think you're going to continue to see the exports from the Gulf Coast go on to Europe. And PAD one just put inventories, yes, they're existing well below their 5-year average and well below last year. So it was the refinery that's been recently shut down there, I think that market's going to be tight, which is going to require high to fairly high utilization rates throughout the weather to supply that market. So I think it's going to be a pretty strong market for distillates going forward.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, the whole Atlantic basin market, like I said with the Europe tied and the East Coast tied, I think there's going to be a demand from Gulf Coast barrels to go rebook those markets.
S. Eugene Edwards: This is Gene. I think if you look at Eagle Ford where prices erode at Brent if it's already on the water area where it could be delivered and compete with the foreign barrel with prices there. I think in the field, it's still pricing and the discounts. It's not at WTI, but still much less than Brent.
