John Locke: Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
John Locke: Okay, thank you Joe. Moving on to the results, we reported fourth quarter 2015 adjusted net income from continuing operations of $862 million or $1.79 per share versus $952 million or $1.83 per share for the fourth quarter of 2014. Actual net income from continuing operations was $298 million or $0.62 per share, which compares to $1.2 billion or $2.22 per share in the fourth quarter of 2014. Please refer to the reconciliations of actual to adjusted amounts as shown in the financial tables that accompany our release. For 2015, we reported adjusted net income from continuing operations of $4.6 billion or $9.24 per share compared to $3.5 billion or $6.68 per share for 2014. Actual net income from continuing operations was $4 billion or $7.99 per share in 2015 versus $3.7 billion or $6.97 per share in 2014. Fourth quarter 2015 refining segments adjusted operating income of $1.5 billion was in line with the fourth quarter of 2014. Stronger gasoline and other product margins combined with higher refining throughput volumes were offset by lower distillate and petrochemical margins and lower discount for sweet crude oils relative to Brent crude oil. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.9 million barrels per day which was 34,000 barrels per day higher than the fourth quarter of 2014. Our refineries operated at 97% throughput capacity utilization in the fourth quarter of 2015. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.47 per barrel were $0.29 per barrel lower than the fourth quarter of 2014, largely driven by favorable property tax settlements and reserve adjustments and lower energy cost. The Ethanol segment generated $37 million of adjusted operating income in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus $154 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 due primarily to lower gross margin per gallon driven by a decline in ethanol prices versus relatively stable corn prices. For the fourth quarter of 2015, general and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $206 million and net interest expense was $107 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $494 million and the effective tax rate was 28% in the fourth quarter of 2015. The effective tax rate was lower than expected due primarily to a reduction in the statutory tax rate in the United Kingdom and the settlement of income tax audits in the United States. With respect to our balance sheet at quarter end, total debt was $7.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $4.1 billion, of which $81 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was 20%. We have a $5.6 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. The cash flows in the fourth quarter included $732 million of capital investments, of which $164 million was for turnarounds and catalysts, and $136 million was for our investment in the Diamond pipeline. For 2015 capital investment included $1.4 billion for stay-in business and $1 billion for growth. We returned $1 billion in cash for our stockholders in the fourth quarter which included $240 million in dividend payment and $767 million for the purchase of $11.1 million shares of Valero common stock. For 2015 we purchased 44.9 million shares for $2.8 billion. For 2016, we maintain our guidance of $2.6 billion for capital investments including turnarounds catalyst, joint venture and strategic investments. This consists of approximately $1.6 billion for stay-in business and $1 billion for growth. For modeling our first quarter operations we expect throughout volumes to fall within the following ranges. US Gulf Coast at 1.61 million to 1.66 million barrels per day, US Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day, US West Coast at 245,000 to 265,000 barrels per day, and North Atlantic at 465,000 to 485,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter to be approximately $3.85 per barrel. Our Ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.8 million gallons per day in the first quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.37 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash cost, such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation for the first quarter to be around a $175 million and net interest expense should be about $110 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $470 million and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 32%. That concludes our opening remarks. Now before we open the call to questions, we again respectfully request the callers adhere to our protocol of limiting each turn in the Q&A to two questions. This will help us ensure that other callers have time to ask their questions which are also important. If you have more than two questions please rejoin the queue as time permits.
John Locke: Okay, Elanda I think that’s last for the question. So we want to thank you everyone for calling in today and please feel free to call me and Karen if you guys have further follow up questions. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Well, thanks John, and good morning, everyone. The fourth quarter and full year 2015 were really great for Valero. We operated safely and reliably achieving our lowest ever employee injury rate in refining and reaching an annual average refinery utilization rates of 95%. The markets were favorable during the quarter. Domestic product demand grew supported by lower pump prices and sour crude discounts relative to Brent were attractive to our highly complex refining system. While distillate margins were pressured during unseasonably warm weather in North America and Europe, distillate demand in Latin America remained robust. In fact we exported record volumes of distillate and gasoline in the fourth quarter. We continue to execute well in our projects. In the quarter, we successfully commissioned the new Corpus Christi crude unit, the Port Arthur gas oil hydrocracker expansion and the McKee crude unit expansion. Our Quebec City refinery also began receiving crude via Enbridge’s Line 9B. We exercised our option with Plains All American to acquire a 50% interest in the Diamond crude oil pipeline project. Once completed this project will connect Cushing with Memphis and provide us with crude optionality and long-term cost savings versus sourcing crude oil from St. James. Additionally, Valero Energy Partners continue to execute its growth strategy and Valero GP’s interest in VLP reached the high splits with the distribution increase we announced earlier this week. We also continued to advance our refining growth strategy. Construction of the Houston crude unit remains on schedule with start-up planned in the second quarter of 2016. And earlier this month, our Board of Directors approved the Houston Appalachian project. This project is estimated to cost $300 million and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2019. And finally regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 80% of our 2015 adjusted net income exceeding the 75% annual payout target. Further demonstrating our belief of Valero’s earnings potential, last week our Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the regular quarterly dividend $.60 per share or $2.40 annually. With that John, I’ll hand it back over to you.
Joe Gorder: Yes. The fundamentals I think for strong demand are still there. There is no question about that, I mean we continue to have prices that are very attractive at the street and then there is a lot of data that’s coming out recently on vehicle miles traveled being up and also on, auto sales being skewed towards larger SUVs and light heavy trucks. So, again as Gary said, it seems like every January Neil we find ourselves in a situation where we’re looking at the year and everybody is trying to figure out, oh gee, is this over and is demand going to be totally eroded, and as he said I think it’s just a little early to tell, but fundamentally it looks like things should go well for us going forward.
Joe Gorder: No, Paul, that's a good question. We look at it periodically. The retail business is materially different from the refining business, and you know that, I mean we’re refining is capital intensive and [indiscernible] people and the retail business is people intensive. And we – when we look at it, I think our view would generally be that we don’t need to control the retail outlet to be able to be a very good supplier into that market. And so frankly what we’re focused on is, it’s further extending our wholesale business, where we can have contractual relationships and support the Valero brand hit the street from the wholesale side rather than from a direct retail operation. If you reflect back on our retail volumes when we owned CST in the 1000 or so sites in Canada, the volume we moved through them was about a 125,000 barrels a day. And when you look at that as its order of magnitude relative to the total motor fuels that Valero is producing it’s a very small percentage. It would take a real huge step for us to have any kind of material presence to really allow us to hedge the benefits associated with owning retail directly. So, I don’t know that unless there was really something that was just incredibly good are allowed us to sustain our contractual relationships with customers I don’t see us reentering that market in the retail business.
Joe Gorder: Well, Sam that is a moon shot. I mean Motiva has a good business and they’ve got good assets and if they we’re for sale I’d suspect that we’d take a really good hard look at it, but we are not hearing anything, I hadn’t heard anything that they are in the market.
Joe Gorder: While there is a quite a bit of uncertainty in the market. So, at this point in time I really can’t comment on how the cash proceeds would be and how the financing of those drops would be structured.
Joe Gorder: Well, we had a couple of unique items this past – this past quarter, because of the tax law finally was, they got final approval in the UK and then we had, we have some audits that are underway in the US and we happened to get those settled this quarter, and so that was reflective which pushed the rate down to 28%. So, we tried to do, the best that we can and given that guidance to you. But, 31%, 32% is what I would say for the first quarter.
Joe Gorder: I don’t know that I can really comment on the global economic activity, but I can say we continue to see very robust demand for our products throughout the globe.
Joe Gorder: Yes. In gasoline we did 157,000 barrels a day of gasoline, we did 264,000 barrels a day of diesel, if you add kerosene in with that it would be 307,000 barrels a day of total distillate.
Joe Gorder: Well, I would say, certainly the butane blending would come into play there and so as butane has been discounted and we’re able to blend it into the pool, it helps our capture rates, I don’t know if you have anything else.
Joe Gorder: I don’t know want to, it’s not my call, it just really, you look at whole NGL market it’s been pretty, if this is been long, and it really a view that we can take and move NGL into the gasoline pool and we can do it by [alkylating amylene] in the refinery which is a little bit different and it makes a good high octane low RVP component which then in turn allows us to blend additional butane in the summer in particular.
Joe Gorder: I wouldn’t call it ethane, it’s a whole NGL space right which we believe is virtually long going forward to.
Joe Gorder: Yes. We will continue to – right now our plan is to do the billion dollars, but we’ll continue to examine and monitor the markets as we move through the year. It is very challenging right now, we do have our revolver that we could use that as a financing source for some of the drops. So, the bank market seems to be a little bit more attractive than the capital market at this point in time.
Lane Riggs: Well, hey, Blake, this is Lane. Yes, the Board approved the alkylation unit [normally] [ph] about $300 million, the [indiscernible] EBITDA is about $105 million, if you use 2015 prices it would be about $140 million EBITDA. With respect to the budget we, when you look at our original - when we gave out the 2016 guidance on our budget for this year two years ago, it’s up about a $100 million and it’s normally the Port Arthur turnaround. We have little more turnaround than we had in our outlook was two years ago, but certainly and then all the rest of it, the alky is clearly fitting inside our $100 billion a year strategic capital, it’s normally about $100 million a year and it is back-weighted like you said towards 2017 and 2018.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So the funny decision on both those units we had Brent and LLS, [indiscernible] pretty much in that environment if you want to - and we like to reference the historical price set. So if you look at those projects in 2015 the Corpus unit would give us about $200 million of EBITDA and the Houston crude unit would be about 230, so those are - and those are slightly [indiscernible] obviously are funding decision that in the current market we’re pretty much at our funding decision. Maybe and as Joe allude to the Houston crude unit will start up in the second quarter and we fired up the crude unit in Corpus Christi without any incident and started fine.
Lane Riggs: I’d like to give you a little color on that, Evan. I will take the topper out so you can kind of have an apples-to-apples comparison. If you take the toppers out between last quarter and where we are today, we backed out about 400,000 barrels a day of lower 48 domestic light sweet crude and we've replaced that with medium sour grades and foreign light sweet imports. That's the big change in our system; heavy sours are about the same.
Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane. So, we’re currently changing the catalyst out and the capital - it’s a small capital project, $40 million and it’s just really a catalyst change out which is based on the cycle that we, when we change out the catalyst and the capital implementation or doing it right now. So it will be ready to go here in the second quarter.
Lane Riggs: Well, we spent normally about $80 million on the two and our funding decision EBITDA somewhere between a total of $60 million to $80 million so these are an example of the sort quick hitting, self-help, these were also the low hanging fruit to sort of arbitrage out that there may be some [indiscernible], enough to figure out where we can put a little capital and get a pretty good hit on it, so I don’t know if that will show up in the revenue stream or something like that to you guys, it will certainly show up in our margin capture going forward.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Sam. This is Lane. Ours is a little bit different I’d say than other people in the industry and what we’re doing is we’re taking existing alkylation unit at Houston and we’re converting it to alkylate C5 olefins; normally alkylation units alkylate C4 olefins and sometime C3 olefins. So we’re taking the existing blend and retrofit it such that alkylate C5 olefins and we are building a new C4 olefins. What we are really doing if you draw, drew a boundary around the Houston refinery is we are shifting C5 olefins that are going out [indiscernible] gasoline, bringing in IC4 from Mont Belvieu which is readily available and inexpensive that’s really what’s happening in making an alkylate and also blending some additional butane for the low RVP, that’s really what this project is. So it is different than I would say other people that are looking at this, and we are clearly ahead of everybody else in the industry with this projects.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Chi. [This is Lane]. I want to add, normally seasonally what you see is medium to heavy sour discount widen out. So when you’re using for the standard capture rate versus light sweet we always outperform on that as well.
Lane Riggs: Hey, it’s Lane. The key we finished that project which really took us about two years fully implement the entire scope that which was two things one was energy efficiency project and distillate recovering the second was sort plus crude rate. We finished it in October. I assume that what you’re after. You’re sort of after the timing --. And further again hydrocracker was down in October and they replaced the catalyst and did the expansion and then Corpus Christi really started up during sort of early to mid December so wouldn’t see anything with respect to it, fourth quarter improvement that’s really going to be entirely 2016 thing.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, I would tell you on Line 9B we are seeing some value in the Bakken that we are running most of the Western Canadian light sweets we are not seeing material difference in being uplift in running those barrels compared to foreign light sweets that we get acquired into Quebec.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Blake, this is Gary Simmons, you know overall, yes, we’ve seen very good spreads between the medium sours and light and heavy sours as well. And certainly the Iranian production coming online will put further pressure on those differentials. I think we see several things in the market, you know the increase in OPEC productions, putting medium sour barrels into the Gulf. You see Gulf of Mexico deep-water medium sour production rising at the same time we’re seeing some of the light sweet production falling off here in the United States so it’s leading to very good differentials. I think the other thing that you know, a fundamental shift is where fuel oil had been trading around 80% of Brent, it’s now trading around 60% of Brent, which should mean that, we would expect to see good medium sour and heavy sour differential throughout the year. I think the other thing for us, the Iranian production, of course we won’t be running any of those barrels, but we do think the market rebalances and make some additional heavy and medium grades available to us from Latin America.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, this is Gary. I think we continue to see very good export demand for our products, as Joe mentioned we had record volumes in the fourth quarter, we continue to see good demand for both distillate and gasoline abroad. Our rack volumes remain very strong; we’re moving a lot of products over the racks, have seen good domestic demand for our product as well. Certainly, I think when you get this early in the year it’s kind of hard to dissect the [BOE] [ph] data, we’ve seen large builds as well, some of the data does look a little suspect. I think we’ve seen a lot of weather issues in the Gulf, that our belief may have been that it hindered some of the waterborne barrels from being able to leave due to fog and weather that we have had in the Gulf. The Mississippi River flooding also has hindered some of the refiners along the river, their ability to clear those barrels as well. I think we’re just too early to really get a good view of what demand’s going to look like, but everything from us, our perspective looks good.
Gary Simmons: In the short run, I don’t think we really have anything that we have on the horizon that’s going to be able to increase our gasoline yield, but the big thing is the alky project that Lane mentioned that will give us additional ability in terms of making additional gasoline when that project comes online.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the topper really just gave us more capability to run domestic light sweet barrels or foreign light sweet barrels. It really added to that. We haven't done anything that really materially changes our ability to process medium or heavy sour grades in our system. It was mainly of those two units are adding 160,000 barrels a day of light sweet capacity.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So Line 9 we began taking crude in December, it’s fully up and operational and at capacity; in terms of flexibility of grades, all of our crudes to Line 9 through Montreal and we really don’t have logistics to be taking heavier or medium sours, it’s pretty much just for light sweet crude for the Quebec refinery.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger. This is Gary. I think we see that as long as we have a strong gasoline market and we have [indiscernible] sub-octane blend component like naphtha the gasoline pool is going to try to draw naphtha in and it’s going to mean octane is fairly expensive. And so we expect to see alkylate values fairly strong again this summer. I don’t see anything on the horizon that really leads me to believe that it’s going to change anytime soon.
Gary Simmons: Well, I think for us we’ve tried to look everywhere we can and this alky project was the best thing that we really felt was out there; we’ve studied reforming, expanding reforming [indiscernible] new reformers and the alky project has the best return in our system.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think we will. I don’t see anything in the near term that that’s going to have a significant impact on the octane balance.
Gary Simmons: I can, Phil. This is Gary, I don’t know that I can really comment on the quality of their products, overall to me that capacity is capacity that’s going to be very challenged globally because of the weak fuel market. It’s going to be very difficult to run load complexity, capacity with the very low fuel environment.
Gary Simmons: This is Gary. I think over time LLS and Brent traded pretty close to parity, but I think we are going to have a lot of volatility between the grades as the year goes on. So, you know you can see LLS got, has to pay a premium for LLS and Brent, so we started importing foreign light sweets, we have the inventory gains here in the US, which I think tells you LLS was too expensive, so that LLS we discounted. I think we’ll go through that volatility for the next six months, where we swing in and out of domestic light sweet production into our refining system.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Overall, if you look at foreign light sweet barrel versus an Eagle Ford or Bakken type barrel and nasty yield from West African Saharan barrel is about the same as Bakken or Eagle Ford. So in terms of refining yield it’s not significantly different whether we are running at West African barrel or we’re running at domestic light sweet barrel.
Gary Simmons: Yes, for medium to heavy barrel, it would accept for most of the refineries were running those barrels are very high complex refining assets. And again we don’t see much of a yield difference with the complexity of our refineries when we’re running a heavier diet. The only thing that we can get into is as we go heavy in some of our plants it can lower our utilization. So we get a lever effect by running light sweet at some of our refineries. So we have a big incentive to run much heavier crude diet it can mean that we are running slightly lower crude rate at some of those plants.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Chi, this is Gary Simmons. Overall, I think if you look at what drive distillate demand, its weather and then its economic activity and thus far, both in the US and in North West Europe we’ve had warmer winters than what we’ve historically had and so it led to lower distillate demand. So in terms of how do we correct from here, I think a lot of that correction gets back to some of this low complexity refining capacity with discounted fuel oil pricing, I think you know we’ll see some economic run cuts and some of that low complexity, capacity that will bring the distillate market back into balance .
Gary Simmons: I don’t suspect this a lot of refiners building inventory, most of our tankage and most refiners tankage is more operational in nature. So it’s hard to really utilize that tankage for a contango play. Most of that you see some inventory builds in Cushing, but I don’t know that I really could comment in terms of the build. I think you know what we had happened is LLS got at a premium to a foreign light sweet alternative and Valero along with many other refineries started buying light sweet and it caused the inventory to build and certainly the markets structures incentivized people to store as well.
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, thanks Joe. I appreciate it. For Valero our appetite for midstream M&A and M&A in general hasn’t changed. We continue to look at opportunities particularly those that support the earnings growth that we can achieve in our core business. The good news is we have a great portfolio and significant earnings capability as we demonstrated in 2015. More specific to the VLP, VLP hasn’t reached the size where it can execute most of the M&A transactions on its own. But we do continue to evaluate opportunities there as well. But as we said before we remain committed to VLP’s dropdown growth strategy and we’re not interested in a step up transaction that would change VLP’s risk profile or its growth story.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, our balance sheet is, Evan this is Mike, balance sheet is very, very strong and we intend to keep it that way. Our guidance is to pay out 75% of net income for 2016. So, as far as levering up [indiscernible] to meet that target, I'm not sure it will be required to do that. It's early in the year. So we'll just have to see how the year plays out.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. That's a quite a question Paul. And I remember those days very well. Our balance sheet is very strong and we intend to keep it that way. If you're suggesting that we build cash here, our current focus is to continue to look for opportunities to grow our business and increase our earnings per share. But if you are suggesting that we prepay some debt, the majority of our remaining debt contains make whole provision that made those prepayments less than compelling.
Mike Ciskowski: No. I don't think at this time that’s what we will be doing. I think we can execute on our payout strategy and all that as I said earlier without levering up the balance sheet.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yes I feel right now a billion is our current plan toward the dropdown. But, the capital markets are pretty challenging right now. So we’ll just have to continue to monitor this as we move through the year.
Mike Ciskowski: Brad, let me just add to what Mike said. The capital that we’re investing in logistics assets at Valero Energy are assets that can be dropped to VLP, so we’ll continue to build the droppable EBITDA base. But the motivation behind it and we’ve shared this before, the motivation behind Valero investing in logistics assets are projects that better fit Valero’s core business, its core refining business that project that helps us optimize our operations. And we are not taken flyers on projects that we wouldn’t be willing to commit what contractually long-term to. And so, again the things we are investing in today for example the diamond pipeline, I mean that is going to be a direct benefit to the Memphis refinery and provide crude optionality there that they don’t currently have today. So, this is a long game and even though markets are challenged right now, I don’t think we should sit here and throw the baby out with the bath water and totally redirect strategies to try to accommodate it. The other thing that Mike hasn’t mentioned is that, VLP is in a great position like at very high coverage ratios to maintain distribution growth, that the targets we’ve talked about is not going to be an issue. And here again we are running the business to continue to improve the business and drive the EPS growth at VLO and VLP is going to go along for the ride. Anyway, that’s just a little more color.
