Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Our system's flexibility and the team's relentless focus on optimization in a week, but otherwise improving margin environment enabled us to deliver positive earnings in the second quarter. More importantly, cash provided by operating activities more than covered our cash used in investing and financing activities for the quarter, even without the cash benefits from our 2020 income tax refund, and the proceeds from the sale of a portion of our interest in the Pasadena terminal. There was a significant increase in mobility in the second quarter, driving higher demand for refined products, particularly in the US. In fact, we're seeing demand for gasoline and diesel in excess of pre-pandemic levels in our US Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent regions. Jet demand continues to ramp up as well, and is around 80% of 2019's level. We responded with higher refinery utilization to match product demand in our system. In addition, product exports have been picking up particularly to Latin America with the easing of lockdowns in the region. We exported 410,000 barrels per day of products from our system in June, which is the highest volume since 2018. Our Renewable Diesel segment continues to perform exceptionally well and once again set records for renewable diesel margin and sales volumes, highlighting Diamond Green Diesel's ability to process a wide range of discounted feedstocks and Valero's operational and technical expertise. Our ethanol segment also performed well and provided solid operating income in the second quarter as demand for ethanol increased, along with higher gasoline production. Carbon sequestration project with BlackRock and Navigator is moving ahead and has garnered strong interest from additional parties in the binding open season. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with eight ethanol plants connected to this system. This project serves to help achieve our goal to lower the carbon intensity of our products, while providing solid economic returns. Our Diamond Green Diesel two project at St. Charles remains on budget and is scheduled to be operational in the middle of the fourth quarter of this year. This expansion project is expected to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year bringing the total capacity at St. Charles to 690 million gallons per year of renewable diesel and 30 million gallons per year of renewable naphtha. And our Diamond Green Diesel three project at Port Arthur is also progressing well, and is now expected to be operational in the first half of 2023. With the completion of this 470 million gallons per year plant, DGD's total annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel, and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. Our refinery optimization projects remain on track with the Pembroke Cogen project expected to be completed in the third quarter of this year, and the Port Arthur Coker project expected to be completed in 2023. Looking ahead, we have a favorable outlook for refining margins, as product demand continues to improve with increasing global vaccinations and mobility. In addition, there has been significant refinery capacity rationalization in the US in the last couple of years and we expect further closures of uncompetitive refineries, particularly in Europe. We believe that product demand recovery, coupled with significant refinery rationalization should be supportive of strong refining margins. We also expect to see wider medium and heavy crude oil differentials as OPEC+ increases crude supply which should further provide support to refining margins. And as low carbon fuel policies continue to expand globally, we remain well positioned. With the current projects in progress, we expect to quadruple our renewable diesel production in the next couple of years. In addition, we continue to explore and develop opportunities in carbon sequestration, sustainable aviation fuel, renewable hydrogen and other innovative projects to strengthen our long-term competitive advantage. So with that Homer, I'll hand the call back to you. 
Joe Gorder: We always work very hard to make sure that we maintain our ongoing competitive advantage in all the markets that we operate.
Joe Gorder: No. I think some of the movement you've seen in high sulfur fuel, really two primary drivers on high-sulfur fuel discounts. One just the prospect of getting more OPEC barrels onto the markets caused high-sulfur fuel oil to weaken some. And then some changes in the tax policies in China had caused them to kick out some high-sulfur fuel blend stocks, which caused high-sulfur fuel to move weaker. Today it's one of the more economic feedstocks we're running in our system, high sulfur fuel and high-sulfur fuel blend stocks is one of the highest margin feeds we have in our system today. And we expect that to continue.
Joe Gorder: I think on your first question, whether you're out buying the RIN or doing the blending you're kind of achieving the same thing. So the market price is -- price of the RIN is what it is. So either way, I'd say you get to the same result. 
Joe Gorder: Well I would say there's a benefit right? I mean you can't -- I mean obviously, everybody just can't buy RINs you're going to have to move the biofuels too. So certainly we're looking at both sides of that equation. But if the market is functioning properly and people are certainly you're -- there's people that have to meet obligations. So you're going to have some blending and in a properly functioning market. I'm just saying, you're don't to get to the same place but you're going to do both. 
Martin Parrish: Hey, Phil, this is Martin. I think if you step back and just think about our renewable diesel segment, right. Our refining expertise has been a critical component to the development and operations of renewable diesel and ultimately the success of that business. You have to also keep in mind that we were an early mover in the space and have accumulated decades worth of knowledge, which is a lot more than almost all of our peers. Our operating reliability has been very good and that's helped differentiate Diamond Green. We also use the same reliability process at renewable diesel that we have applied to our refining system. And then finally structurally on the pricing Diamond Green as well as other producers, you would expect them to have stronger results when prices are going up the RIN price, ULSD price going up, because that value you see immediately and it is going to be a lag in the cost of sales on the feedstock. So with this increasing price environment helped us somewhat.
Martin Parrish: Hey, Theresa, this is Martin. I think one thing you have to look at is the credit bank in California, it's been pretty stable now for five quarters. But the other thing is, if you think California, we haven't seen any data from them since the end of 2020 right. So there's a lag. Tomorrow, we'll actually see the first quarter data. So you might see. But it's probably a little bit of a lack of knowledge. The credit bank being stable for the last several quarters. And then the other thing that I think you have to think about -- do we worry about that too much? Not really because if you had something that happened where there was a prolonged shift for the price of -- price went down in California, I'm pretty sure the response by CARB would be to move the goalpost to actually raise the carbon reduction targets because they had signaled several times. They're pretty content with the $200 type per ton carbon price. So we would just expect quicker carbon reduction if there was a long-term shift in that price which would then raise the price back up.
Martin Parrish: Yeah. So this is Martin. If you look at that Roger to make renewable jet or SAF, you have to have some additional equipment. I mean there's a few ways to do it but you're either going to add -- you're probably going to add a reactor and you're certainly going to add the fractionator. So that's additional capital. And then that once your yield pattern changes a little bit where you make some more light ends. So at the end of the day to get back to equal to renewable diesel, you're going to have to get some help on the SAF side with some additional pricing mechanism and additional green premium there. So right now we don't see the economic incentive to make SAF. That being said, obviously, we're studying it. We're looking at everything. We're looking how the landscape changes once going through in all parts of the world and legislative processes or regulatory processes. So we'll keep watching it. And we fully expect to be making it at some point. So I don't think it's a question of if but it's more about when.
Martin Parrish: Well, Sam, I wouldn't say our yield is right on track with what we expect. The -- and it's really not so much the yield, it's more just about the timing. We've been in a market with a huge increase in ULSD price, a huge increase in the RIN in the year-to-date and fat price has also been up but you had a bigger escalation in the RIN than you've had in the fat price. And we've also been helped by the discount. Our feedstocks by running 100% waste feedstocks, we're certainly buying at a price significantly lower than soybean oil. So what I'm saying on the timing is just in a rising market like that you're going to immediately see the ULSD price and your revenue you're going to immediately see the RIN price. And there's just a lag in the feedstock, price and hitting cost of goods sold. So you're going to see a little better margin environment in a rising prices.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Neil. Yes, I mean, second quarter was obviously really good. And if you look at the weekly inventory debt in the second quarter what was happening through most of the quarter is the inventories just kept drawing. And typically when inventories draw you're going to get a better margin. And it's pretty good correlation there in the U.S. ethanol industry. So when we -- but the weekly data now in June starting into May and through June, we've seen that turn the other way. So margins now are lower than they were in the second quarter. How long is this going to last? I'm not sure. We're starting to see some run cuts in the industry now. We've signaled some lower guidance for third quarter on runs versus what we did in second quarter. So we'll see where it turns. I mean, really what we're looking at long term though in ethanol is carbon sequestration. And we feel like that is going to differentiate us from the industry between the 45Q tax credit that's worth about $0.15 a gallon getting into LCFS markets that's more like $0.50 a gallon gross. So we're well positioned there with what we're doing with Navigator and BlackRock and then we're also looking at some stand-alone projects that are Eastern ethanol plants for carbon sequestration. So that's really our endgame is to lower the carbon intensity of a product and stay competitive there and differentiate ourselves.
Martin Parrish: Sure. This is Martin. I think one thing you have to remember now is DGD 3 is pretty much a carbon copy of DGD 2. So that helped us. I mean all the major equipment we changed a little bit but just tweaks. So we had a lot of the engineering done sooner than you typically would have. Now obviously, we knew that when we funded it but just getting out the market while steel prices and everything were up we kind of beat all that to the market. So we had placed orders before that happened. The delivery is good. I mean the shop space is there and the labor situation is really good on the Gulf Coast, where we're building. So all those things and then just having an experience we moved over experienced contractors from DGD 2 that had just built one of these units. So all the work, the structural work, the concrete work structural steel is already going up. So we just got a really quick start out of the gates and we expect to be able to maintain that. So in a nutshell that set an experienced construction team and getting out in front of these price increases and shop space has been really good for us.
Martin Parrish: Well, what's different in with the CARB regulations and with the LCFS to answer your last question first. That obligation goes down to the racks so that the price is passed on for the refiner in California which is a contrast to the way the RFS works. So that's -- I wouldn't expect to see a fight from the refiners on that. The other question is more interesting. CARB has -- there's been several statements out there about moving the goalpost. To answer your specific question, I'm not sure I can what is required there. We want to be a little looking into that. But my understanding is they have the ability to do that, we'll have to check on that.
Doug Leggate: Thanks folks. Good morning. Let me also open my observations around the cash flow numbers. So we have to confirm much that. Expect to go second in the queue. All right. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Joe, the -- or maybe Jason for this one. On the cash flow, obviously, as things improve in the second half of the year, you've shown us that the cash coverage is going to be there, but you still have the cash return commitment to investors, while your balance sheet is somewhat elevated. So can you walk us through how you will prioritize the incremental cash returns actually over the next year or so? Will the balance sheet take priority beyond dividends? That's my first question. And I have a follow-up please. 
Doug Leggate: Yes. I guess, I was thinking more about the discretionary beyond the dividend, but just that's a very full and a clear answer. So, thank you for that. Joe, I wonder if I could bring it back to you. I don't know if you want to take this or someone else but -- in your prepared remarks you talked about the perennial prospect of refinery closures ex US, I guess specifically, but these are typically triggered by capital events turnarounds things of that nature as you know for the more vulnerable refineries. I'm just wondering the fact that you were prepared to put that in your prepared remarks, do you have any particular thoughts or insights or what visibility that's giving you some comfort that it might happen this time around at an accelerated pace? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate the answers fellows. And I assume the Valero portfolio is, I don't think that you're quite happy with it where it is.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I mean Doug how we think about it is we think about regions that have or I would say structural disadvantages, and we've talked about them before Europe, it's the -- US East Coast, the US West Coast and it's Latin America. And they all have slightly different reasons for their disadvantages. And the reason we focus on those areas is a plant job or we have operations in those areas and we try -- we think about how those areas will change over time and how we will respond to it. Obviously when we have operations in those areas, we do stress tests and we try to understand the cash flow that we -- that our assets generate through an entire economic cycle. And as you alluded to and we've said before, the things that drive assets are these big -- you start with -- you have an issue whether it's trade flow or reliability or whatever and you layer in chunky capital, whether it's regulatory capital or a big turnaround, that's when these assets really fall -- that operators start to think about what they're going to do. And as Joe said, we don't sit there -- this refinery over here or this refinery over there. We just sort of think of it regionally and where we think those issues and where closures might ultimately happen.
Lane Riggs: Hi. So -- this is Lane. So what we're doing there again in our St. Charles and Port Arthur refineries, as those projects lands up to our Diamond Green Diesel projects, we look for ways to essentially make renewable hydrogen from the LPGs that come off those units and then turn to get them into an SMR that -- and then the hydrogen go backs and lowers the carbon intensity of the product out of both of those units.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Sam. This is Lane. I'll add to it a little bit. We have been working with catalyst suppliers in terms of improving the yield of the current units and essentially trying to maximize renewable diesel versus LPG versus naphtha and versus some of the off gases. So we have seen our yields improving over the life of our over all operating experience from 2013 till…
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So Neil, this is Lane. What I'd say is independent refiners, will be much more disciplined than the industry was a decade ago. And it's just because we -- at the end of the day we have to manage our assets to cash flow and to make money. I think what you've seen there was a clear signal in April and May to raise utilization. It was a big -- the markets we're signaling that. What really happened and Gary talked about it earlier is it was just a bug, right? I mean, the U.S. recovered with the -- we were out -- our mobility had gone way up and it attracted imports from areas that were still essentially in lockdown. So you had surplus capacity in Europe and some of these other places that attracted imports. I wouldn't say that the United States was -- refining industries have gotten lack of discipline. It was our operating further signals. It was really the main issue that we have -- we had -- there's capacity out there that essentially could get pointed to the U.S. and some earlier caller mentioned the European fundamentals look better. So today what you're seeing is even though margins are up, we're not really -- yards close to the United States coming out of Europe.
Lane Riggs: And Paul to answer your second question, the industry did I think at least particularly we – I would say, Valero learned a lot going into the pandemic in terms of how to operate our refineries may be differently and actually demonstrated more flexibility as you would expect us to figure out how to operate. I think in terms of margin capture what you'll see is you coming out of it is going into it we had contango, right? So as you – there was structural contango in the crude markets and as we're coming out of it we've gone flat to slight backwardation. So I think what you'll see kind of moving ahead you have a combination of slight backwardation and obviously high flat price will cause some of the byproducts to maybe have some margin capture – will affect margin capture. It doesn't really affect so much our ability to generate EBITDA as much as when you think of in terms of market capture. In terms of anything that's happened post pandemic, if anything we just learned a lot more about how to manage our business even more carefully than we had before.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So you actually – you hit the main issue. Both refineries were actually in turnaround in the second quarter. The results were affected by that.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I want to emphasize what Martin has said. I mean part of what we're able to do here is it's not just really in this space but we have a really good project execution group. And they just – we're in the process of building Diamond Green 2 and we learn and it's actually accelerated and brought in, it's scheduled. So we just took all that and transferred into Diamond Green 3. And this just sort of speaks to our capability to not only operate well but we can execute projects very well and in this not just in our refinery space but also in the renewable diesel space.
Lane Riggs: Yes. On the second question there are byproducts that we make in the refineries that don't move lockstep with crude price things like asphalt, pet coke, sulfur, LPGs and the long haul they do. It takes it longer in other words once crude moves up or moves down have the tendency to sort of take longer to get to their equilibrium state with crude. So you'd expect it for whatever reason if crude prices were down those would improve. I don't know that -- we don't -- we're not speculating that crude prices will be down for the entire quarter. But that is how it works. 
