Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Jason. Yes, John, I mean our approach to shareholder returns is driven by our annual target of 40% to 50% of adjusted net cash from operations. And obviously, that includes the dividend, which we consider non-discretionary and buybacks, which are considered the flywheel supplementing our dividend to hit our target. And given the strength in our balance sheet in the fourth quarter, as we highlighted, we had a 73% payout which resulted in a 60% payout for the year. And as you touched on, since 2014, we've regularly paid above our target. And in fact, the average payout for the 5 years leading into COVID was around 57%. So I think in short and periods when the balance sheet is strong as it is now and sustaining CapEx, the dividend and strategic CapEx is covered. You can reasonably think of our 40% to 50% target as a floor and expect any excess cash to go towards buybacks.
Homer Bhullar: Hey, Doug. I mean, I think obviously our target is set on a long-term range, right? And so the 40% to 50% think of it as like a long-term target. But to your point, and as I mentioned earlier, we've consistently come in above that. And, again, I think when you have a strong balance sheet as it is right now, we're not going to build cash. So I think you should reasonably expect shareholder returns to come in above that target.
Homer Bhullar: Yeah. Hey Matthew, it's Homer. I mean I think, first of all, we're comfortable with where we are from a cash balance perspective. But we've discussed in the past, we like to stay above $4 billion. We had a very, very strong payout, right, particularly for the quarter, but then also for the year. In terms of paying down, like, for example, we look at debt right on the debt side, we proactively look at our portfolio. Through liability management lens. And so given the strength of our balance sheet, we don't really currently have any pressing need to pay down debt with a net debt-to-cap ratio of 18%. But it's an ongoing evaluation, and it's something that we look at.
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. So that concludes our opening remarks. I'm sorry, that's -- if you guys have any follow-up questions, obviously, feel free to ping us being the IR team. Thanks again for joining us, and have a wonderful week.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are pleased to report strong financial results for the fourth quarter and the full year. With the exception of our 2022 results, we delivered the highest fourth quarter and full year adjusted earnings in company's history in 2023, demonstrating the earnings capability of our portfolio. Our refining system achieved 97.4% mechanical availability in 2023, which is our best ever. We also set a record for environmental performance and matched our previous record for process safety, illustrating the benefits from our longstanding commitment to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations.  Now through organic growth of our wholesale system, we set an annual record for sales volume in 2023 at approximately 1 million barrels per day, demonstrating the strength of our branded and wholesale marketing network. We continue to pursue strategic projects that enhance the earnings capability of our business and expand our long-term competitive advantage.  The DGD Sustainable Aviation Fuel, or SAF project at Port Arthur remains on schedule to completion expected in the first quarter of 2025 for a total of $315 million. Half of that attributable to Valero. With the completion of this project, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. In addition, we are pursuing shorter cash cycle projects that optimize and capitalize on opportunities to improve margins around our existing refining assets.  On the financial side, we continue to honor our commitment to shareholders. We returned 73% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the fourth quarter, resulting a 60% payout ratio for 2023, and last week, our Board approved a 5% increase in the quarterly cash dividend. Looking ahead, we expect refining margins to remain supported by tight product supply and demand balances. In the near term, product inventories ahead of the summer driving season are expected to be constrained with heavy industry-wide turnaround activity in the first quarter, providing support to refining margins. Long term, we expect global demand growth to exceed products applied despite new refinery startups. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operations, return-driven discipline on growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns has driven our success and positions us well for the future.  So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Neil, it's Lane. So I'm not going to, you know, I'll start by saying thank you. And I will say that, you know, I wouldn't trade our commercial team for any other team in the industry. I sort of spoke about this in the past. You know, everyone in our company understands the position they play. I think sometimes some, I've been in organizations where that's not really clear and you can get a lot of interference running between the supply chain. That's not true at Valero. Everybody has a position they play and they understand how to do it well. Refining focuses on reliability and operating. Envelopes and expenses, our P&E coordinates between the groups that make the signals, and our refining commercial groups execute the signals. And it's pretty clear on how all that's supposed to work. And so I would tell you that that's really the key to our execution. And, of course, finally, everybody in the corporation is incentivized with the same goals. We don't have different groups having their own sort of incentives. So that's how we get alignment all the way through. So glad to have them.
Lane Riggs: Yes. I mean Joe has been pretty consistent as a leadership team, we've been pretty consistent. We look at everything that comes on to the market. I think structurally, our view really is whether it's policies in Europe and Canada and the United States in terms of the desire to try to move away from fossil fuels, the difficulty of -- and the difficulty is to make investments, we sort of see transportation fuels being structurally short. So we do look through that lens when we look at assets that come on. We also start during the 2000s, we were the biggest consolidator in the industry. So we know what it takes to do this, and we're very good at it. And so we -- our eyes are wide open when we look at all these assets and they come on and we understand the full cost and we compare that with organic growth and we compare that to buying back shares. And so it's all in that same framework. We do like our asset base. Clearly, California is a tough place to operate and probably getting tougher. So that's really all I want to say about that part. But what I also want to say is, we're not -- again, we look at everything and we look at -- we continue to look at refineries as well.
Lane Riggs: Hey Ryan, it's Lane. The way I would think about this is if you go back when we -- historically, we used to sort of spend, I would say, we said $1.5 billion sustainable capital. That would actually include regulatory capital. I mean that's how we frame it. It sort of maintain our assets to generate the earnings we're supposed to and try to work your sustain of your regulatory capital in that, albeit it would be lumpy. And so you're going to average around that number. So that's how we think about the regulatory side of it. I don't really foresee at least right now that we have a large regulatory spend. Clearly, that could always change. In terms of our strategic capital, historically, we were around $1 billion. As an organization, we felt like -- we feel like we can execute $1 billion pretty well. We have some experience over 10, 11 years ago where we spent more on strategic capital and then and it was sort of difficult to manage. And so we, as an organization, we decided that we're going to live within a sort of $1 billion on the upside of strategic capital. Since COVID, we've been at about $0.5 billion, and that's our guidance right now. And we feel like that's a pretty good number year-in and year-out that we're going to steward around that we'll that there'll be enough projects, whether they're in refining or transportation or our renewable platforms that all meet and work through our gated process to meet our return thresholds.
Lane Riggs: Is there Jason, this is Lane. I will say still the lowest cost guide, and we work on this like you cannot imagine you should know that as an organization, we're committed to making sure that we are the best in class with expenses.
Lane Riggs: We'll have a look at the numbers. I mean part of the other thing that really drives this in our throughput through even though we have what we would characterize as a variable and fixed cost, we run in through our expenses, most refining expenses are in large part six. So the more barrels we run, the better that metric work. And so you really got to -- the best time of the year to look at that and to really understand that as sort of third quarter, essentially. That's really when you're seeing the system. Normally, we have the signal to run the highest, both things are online and the cost structures are where they are. So it's the best time to get an understanding of where the base OpEx is for the system.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. So the way I would think about this is we're going to try to do a little more delineation in our IR pack deck to try to maybe demonstrate the success of a lot of our projects in our gaining process. But we're still disciplined in that we don't want to have all this forward-looking conversation around projects, whether they're small or big or whatever. What we do is we -- we have demonstrated hopefully, to everyone that our process does generate returns and then we had that we've -- like I said earlier, we nominally lease today, I think we have $0.5 billion a year of spend that will generate the returns we think will make its way through the gated process.
Lane Riggs: Yeah. And so we changed that. I don't know, it's a couple of years. We're really coming out of COVID. Going into COVID, we'd taken the strategy trying to push it all the way down to two. And found going into COVID our experience was that was probably too low. So we've decided to bring on go ahead and look at our minimum closer to four. Good thing about being a four now versus two before we actually do earn a return on that cash before it was zero. So -- but that's really due to our experience as we went through COVID.
Gary Simmons: Sure. This is Gary. I think a number of factors contributed to that. You did see production in Western Canada tick up a little bit in the fourth quarter. We're seeing a few more Venezuelan barrels make their way into the U.S. Gulf Coast. So a little more supply on the market. But probably the biggest factor is as you got late in the fourth quarter and early this quarter, you're starting to see the impact of turnarounds decreasing demand for some of those, especially the heavy sour barrels. In addition to those factors, you had the typical seasonality in high sulfur fuel oil, but lower high sulfur fuel demand for power generation kind of weighing on the heavy sour discounts as well. So our view is that through the first quarter, through refinery maintenance season, you'll continue to see a little bit wider heavy sour discounts, but then you'll start to see those come in and really for any meaningful impact to sustainable impact for the quality diffs we need more OPEC production on the market. If you look at the consultant forecast, it looks like that could happen probably third quarter this year.
Gary Simmons: Sure, Theresa. This is Gary. It's always difficult to assess the markets this early, kind of the holidays and weather tend to have a big impact on-road transportation fuel demand and then fog in the Gulf kind of tends to limit exports. But domestically, I can tell you, demand for gasoline appears to be following typical seasonal patterns. It looks normal for this time of year and in line with where we were last year, I will tell you, gasoline volumes through our wholesale channel of trade are down, a few percent year-over-year. We're not really concerned about that because you can see it's in regions that were really impacted by weather. And as the weather we're starting to see the volumes recover nicely. European gasoline markets are relatively strong. That's kept the transatlantic arb closed, and then market structure doesn't really incentivize making summer great gasoline and putting it into storage. Gasoline exports into Mexico and Latin America have remained steady. So all of this really has us pretty optimistic on gasoline cracks once we move into spring and gasoline demand improves with driving season. On the diesel side, demand in our system is up about 7% compared to last year. Probably seeing more heating oil demand with a little bit colder weather. Diesel inventory remains at the bottom of the 5-year average range. So good demand combined with low inventory continues to support the diesel cracks. Diesel exports in our system were down a little in the fourth quarter. The Russian barrels making their way into South America have caused some changes in trade flow with more of our barrels going to Europe. In Europe, warm weather tended to keep their demand down a little bit. But I can tell you thus far in the first quarter, we're seeing much stronger European demand with the colder weather hitting there. We believe the diesel cracks continue to get support from increased jet demand. As kerosene gets pulled out of the diesel pool as we continue to recover from COVID. Jet demand last year was still down about 10.5% from pre-COVID levels. Most forecasts show us closing about half that gap this year. And then expectations for a little better for diesel demand with slightly colder weather and freight picking back up as well. So overall, back to your question on new capacity, it looks like to us somewhere about 1.5 million barrels a day of new capacity coming online, year-over-year growth in demand looks to be slightly over 1 million barrels a day. So supply/demand balances are really fairly close to what we saw last year. The question really becomes timing of when that new capacity comes on. Our view is that it will take longer for those new refineries to start up and you don't really see an impact on supply until later in the year. And if that holds, then you have relatively tight supply-demand balances was really the only difference being we're starting from a different inventory position, as you've already mentioned. In our mind on that, we do expect to see inventory draws over the next several weeks. The cold weather had some impact on refinery operations, and then you'll start to get into turnaround season, which we would expect total light product inventory to begin to draw.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So historically, we've seen that the Mid-Con is short product in the summer and long product in the winter. And I think we're seeing that this year. The market is just long and especially the weathers tended to hit that region more and so we see demand off in that region. But I think once you start to see the weather clear and you get back into driving season, the Mid-Continental recover. Seeing the same thing kind of on the West Coast, weathers tended to impact demand on the West Coast. And so we've seen that market a little bit softer than maybe you would typically see for this time of year.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, and I'll just add, you know, Syncrude trading at $7 below Brent, you know, and a discount to that to Brent with a high distillate yield crude is a real benefit to our system.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so, you know, we're not really running crude from that region, so it hasn't really had an impact to us in terms of supply of crude. But the big impact, especially on the crude side of the business, has just been freight rates. You know, we had a period of time where you could export from the U.S. Gulf Coast to Northwest Europe crude, you know, in the low $2 a barrel range. That spiked to $6 a barrel. And you could see that in Brent TI. So, you know, I would tell you probably for our system, net is an advantage because it gives us a crude cost advantage versus our global competitors.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, that's kind of the way we see it. The big difference between last year and this year is we had the winter storm early in the quarter last year, which took refining capacity offline and kind of created the big inventory reset. You didn't have that this year, but then in our mind you'll see more of a draw as we get into February and March with the turnaround activity and a little colder weather.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, certainly in our system when you look at the cost to produce of a summer grade of gasoline, there's no economics at all to be making summer grade gasoline and putting it into storage. You know, I think the only people that could be storing barrels at all, it would be high octane components, and they're really just, you know, speculating that octane is going to get stronger. But we certainly see it that way, that the barrels that are in storage today are largely winter grade.
Gary Simmons: Okay, yeah. So we continue to ramp up our volume of Venezuelan crude. I think, you know, the lifting of sanctions more than additional volume into our system probably had more of a price impact, you know, so we did see a little bit more value in the fourth quarter on the Venezuelan barrels that were running as a result of, you know, further reducing some of the sanctions that they have on Venezuela.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so we're not seeing any impact as of yet from the Mexico refineries. You know, when we talk about crude supply, there's always the discussion that, you know, we may see some fall off in our supply of Maya, but that really hasn't impacted us yet. And we don't see any delta on the product side of the business yet either.
Gary Simmons: Yes, same thing. We think in our mind, it's going to take a while for that refinery to ramp up. It's just a big refinery that's not going to be easy to bring online.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So our view, Roger, you look and there's about $0.10 a carry to the March/April screen. We would tell you the cost to produce with butane being cheap is closer to $0.20, so certainly, no economic incentive at all the store gasoline. A lot of what we think happened in terms of the inventory build is that, you had a lot of things happened in December, especially in the Gulf Coast. Colonial was allocated the economics to ship on Explorer into the Mid-Continent, that arb was closed due to the Mid-Continent being weak. You had some Jones Act freight off the market in dry dock that limited some movements there. And then a lot of volatility in the freight markets really impacted exports late. And so what you saw is Gulf Coast inventories draw and in our mind, the Gulf Coast basis got weak enough that although there wasn't carry on the screen to keep gasoline inventory, I think we saw a lot of refiners choosing to hold inventory just because the U.S. Gulf Coast basis was so weak and they choose to store barrels that they would go ahead and then consume during their own maintenance periods rather than going out and covering and saw better value to do that. So if that's the case, then you should see this inventory work off over the next couple of months.
Gary Simmons: The only other thing we may add is although you can see the throughput guidance, we don't really expect it to impact our capture rates. That's right.
Gary Simmons: It varies. I would say we're fairly balanced on octane. We're long naphtha, so you can always soak up octane that way. But overall, in octane, I'd say fairly balanced.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our business there continues to grow very, very nicely. Year-over-year, our volumes were up 16% in Mexico. We now have 250 branded sites, which was the largest growing brand in Mexico. I think the big change for this year is in the second quarter of this year, we anticipate the terminal that we'll use in Northern Mexico and Altamira will start up, it will allow us to be more competitive in that region, which we would expect us to then be able to continue the growth that we've seen.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our view is Mexico basically recovered last year to pre-COVID levels. And our expectation is you'll see -- continue to see good growth in the gasoline market in Mexico.
Gary Simmons: No. I would tell you, we had some small operational issues, boiler trips, heater trips, but nothing that's going to materially impact the quarter and we still feel like the throughput guidance that we've given holds.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So our Canadian volumes vary -- it depends on total heavies -- we're probably 600,000 barrels a day, Greg, right? 500,000 to 600,000 barrels a day, and we have the ability to optimize between Mexican supply, it's live for Venezuela and Canada. Our view of TMX is that you'll still have the Gulf Coast barrels coming from Western Canada. And what it will really do is decrease exports from the U.S. Gulf Coast, and we don't really think that our Gulf Coast system will be materially impacted by TMX.
Greg Bram: Hey, Neil, this is Greg. So we saw accrued costs improve in that region, primarily in Cannes, where you saw that occur more than you did in Pembroke. And then you brought up commercial margins. They were very strong for the quarter as well for that region. And then some of the compliance costs for the programs over there, costs were lower than we've seen in prior periods. And all those things combined to drive up that capture rate in the North Atlantic.
Greg Bram: Ryan, this is Greg. Normally, we don't talk about our overall turnaround plans. You can tell from the guidance, a fair amount of activity for us in the first quarter. I think when we get out through the rest of the year, we'll talk about those periods as we come up to the I think from an industry perspective, we are seeing a fair amount of turnaround activity across the industry in the first quarter. So in kind of to Gary's point, it looks like it's going to be a heavy season for the industry in general, a lot of it in the Gulf Coast to a lot of focus there. .
Greg Bram: Hey, Jason, this is Greg. So one of the things that's probably most notable when you think over that period has been electricity prices that not so much natural gas, but on the power side, A lot of the places where we operate have seen power costs, particularly in the summer, be quite a bit higher than we'd seen historically. So that's a part of it. The other part that thinking back over that time frame would also be more recently, some cost inflation pressure, and we've talked about that a few times before. That seems to be easing. So that's something we're working on to rein back in with our suppliers and folks that we worked with.
Eric Fisher: Hey, Manav. This is Eric, and I would just say yes. Yeah, that's a very good – yeah, we see a lot of the same curve that you described. And really the change for renewable diesel for Valero is with the first full year of DJD3 in operation, we run a lot higher percentage of foreign feedstocks, and that supply chain is just naturally longer. So the most attractive, lowest CIA feedstocks are coming from foreign imports, and I think that's creating this longer lag than we've seen in DJD historically. So your analysis, I think, is correct.
Eric Fisher: Yeah, Sam, I think you've said it well. We continue to talk to all the airlines and cargo carriers. A lot of their models are going to be based on more of a voluntary approach in sort of a jet plus basis that goes into a pass through to customers that want to offset their carbon footprint through their travel, you know, through their travel budgets. And so we continue to have a lot of those conversations. I think we're very close on having several contracts done with airlines going into our early production from our project. So that continues to be progressing very, very well. So we don't see that we're going to have a problem moving all of the volume out of this project.
Eric Fisher: Yes. I would say the outlook for renewable diesel, it is difficult to predict exactly how it will play out because you do have additional capacity coming online and into fixed credit banks for both RINs and LCFS that would naturally say that those credit value should come down with additional capacity, which would narrow RD margins. That being said, we also see that feedstock prices continue to come down, both waste oil and veg oil. So then you get into the waste oils will always structurally have a lower CI advantage over veg oil. So where veg oils will be long, they still won't be competitive to waste oils into compliance markets. So it goes back to the core of the DGD business, which is a low-cost producer waste oils, access to markets besides California. And so, we still see that we'll be competitively advantaged, both from an OpEx and feedstock standpoint. But overall, the outlook, I would say, is we expect that credit prices will continue to narrow. And it's a question of how feedstock prices we'll keep up with that. And so -- and then the last thing, besides diversifying sales away from California is obviously with our project, we'll be diversifying into SAF, which takes some of our product out of this RD market. So we think both of those things make us still the most competitive and advantaged platform in R&D, even in a tightening market.
Eric Fisher: Yes, I think that would be fair to say that most of that is still being a CI advantage in waste oils over vegetable oils.
Eric Fisher: Yeah. I think we kept the guidance at the $1.2 billion. We've got a couple of catch changes this year. And obviously, when we convert to staff, there's -- there could be a change in capacity because we do have to run the unit a little harder in that mode. So we're not sure what capacity will look like to that until we get the project on the ground and start it up. So I think this time next year, we'll have an outlook of what our capacity guidance will be whether it's up or down.
