Ashley Smith: Thank you, Andrea, and good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, our Chief Commercial Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel and John Bernier, our Executive Vice President. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley Smith: Thanks, Mike. For modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: The Gulf Coast at 1.31 million to 1.34 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 380,000 to 390,000 barrels per day; the Northeast at 190,000 to 200,000 barrels per day; and the West Coast at 210,000 to 220,000 barrels per day. The Gulf Coast rates include major turnaround activity at St. Charles, Port Arthur and Houston, plus it includes the effects of the recently restarted Aruba refinery that is continuing to build to planned rates. The Northeast consists only of the Québec refinery and the West Coast rates include the impact of a plant-wide turnaround at our Benicia refinery. The Mid-Continent rates reflect the impact of the plant-wide turnaround at our Ardmore refinery in March.  Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel in the first quarter. Regarding our ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs, such as depreciation and amortization.  With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation to be around $140 million. Net interest expense should be around $105 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $375 million. And our effective tax rate should be approximately 35%. Andrea, we will now open the call to questions. Andrea, feel free to prompt that we are opening the call for questions.
Ashley Smith: Well, thank you for listening to the call today. Please contact the Investor Relations department if you have any additional questions. Thank you.
Joseph Gorder: Blake, good morning. This is Joe. Well, it is a little crazy out there, isn't it? I mean this morning, with the stats that we got, the already wide Brent WTI spread has increased a bit further. It's up at 1030 in the prompt month, so we continue to see a divergence there. If you look at what's going on, we've got high inventories of crude in Cushing, which are putting pressure on WTI, and then we've got strong demand for Brent, both from the Far East and it's pulling not only the Brent barrels, but also West African barrels. There's a high desolate yield in that crude and they've had a cold winter and so they're pulling those barrels. So there's been strength there. Now what we expect going forward a bit is that as the winter winds down, Chinese buying is going to pause for the lunar New Year and there’ll be some seasonal turnarounds and so we expect the Brent prices to decline here a little bit. However, the length in Cushing is going to continue to push WTI. Now if you look at what we're doing specifically, we’re running as much WTI as we can, and we're doing that at McKee, Ardmore and then we have barrels in Three Rivers at price off at WTI. So when I looked at what we did in the quarter, there was maybe around 300,000 barrels of WTI base crude that were running. So we're running as much as we can. And other than doing that, there's not much change to our crude slate.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. It's a very good question. I think it's going to be a longer-term issue. What we've got to do ultimately to get WTI back in parity is to have Cushing debottlenecked. And we've got length there today, and you've got more product that's going to be moving into Cushing from Canada. And so that market is going to remain long for some extended period. I think what we've got to do perhaps is quit looking at WTI as the benchmark by which to compare things because it's almost become irrelevant. If you look at the LLS relationship to Maya and Brent relationship to Maya, you maintain very much your normal relationships. It's only when you compare things to TI does it look distorted, and I'll give you an example. In 2010, the WTI, as a percentage of Maya, the discount was 11.6%. Today, it's 6.7%. But if you compare LLS to Maya, it was a 14% discount in '10. It's a 14% discount today. So what we're seeing with TI being so dislocated is cracks to some extent are being overstated. And we're looking at our business on a much broader basis because as I mentioned earlier, TI only really affects us on the three Mid-Continent refineries and we're doing everything we can to take advantage of that. But ultimately, to clean up TI, you're going to have to have Cushing debottlenecked and the crude's going to need to move out.
Joseph Gorder: Gulf production and medium sour is somewhat stabilized right now, right? We're not seeing a lot of activity that's going to increase production anytime soon. But if you look at generally production of crude in the Gulf region, you've got a pretty good situation I mean, Pemex heavy sour crude production’s stabilized now. It’s about 1.4 million barrels a day. Colombia’s been increasing their production of heavy sour crudes. Brazil’s increasing its production and then ultimately, we'll have a [indiscernible] (49:28) plan in place, which will bring the crude down from the North. So if we look short-term now on an ongoing basis, things look pretty good. Longer-term, it looks even better for the prospects for heavy sour discounts and sour crude discounts in general to remain pretty good. The medium sours would be affected if we had any kind of increase in Saudi production. And obviously, you read yesterday and so did we that there's been some conversation around the fact that they don't want the prices to get too high, which may increase production to some extent, which then of course would put additional pressure on the medium sour discounts. But we're fairly comfortable with what we're seeing right now with sour crudes.
William Klesse: This is Klesse again. We do not expect to blend up to the 15% level until there's a much clearer picture, as to -- like the whole product identification, car warranties, and so frankly, we want some regulatory cover on that. We learned our lesson with MTBE. As to RENs, the future is our guess is as good as yours. However, today, it's still economic to blend ethanol. And that obviously impacts the value of RENs.
William Klesse: It's a good question. The acceleration is basically on our hydrocrackers at Port Arthur and St. Charles. Our plan has been to complete the Port Arthur hydrocracker by the end of '12, and what we're trying to do is move it up into the mid year. And then the other piece of it is to complete the St. Charles hydrocracker by the end of 2012. We've mentioned many times that we have now approximately $600 million invested in each project and to complete the hydrocracker only at St. Charles is another $600 million and to complete the one at Port Arthur is about $800 million and then there's some other stuff that goes around it so that you add about another $200 million at each site. So that ties out to the table that Ashley has given you all, but yes, it's to accelerate those projects and have them both done by the end of '12. It's not on the hydrogen plants we’re doing at Memphis and at McKee. We've had fast track the whole time in the first quarter kind of March of next year, we should have those done and operating.
William Klesse: Well, we consider that all the time, as to the best use of our cash in the sense of a long-term shareholder value. So that's always on the radar screen. We're always looking whether we should increase dividend or buy shares or invest in our assets, but we are driven on long-term and that is a key part of our strategy. But generally speaking, we are holding higher cash, as I've stated many times, and we will tend to hold a higher cash balance than we have in the past. Now all that said, obviously we've been very open that we're looking at some of these assets that are on the market, and we intend to continue to do that because we do believe we can improve our overall competitiveness. This is a refining business. We get better access to the Atlantic Basin, with assets in Western Europe, so we're doing all of the things that we have talked about in the past.
William Klesse: What we have sold forward is approximately 10% of our estimated 2011 volume. It's not exactly ratable through all of the quarters, as we have different expectations as to each crack spread. And what we've done is sold the crack forward, okay, it's not per se the product. Obviously, we've made the wrong call. I won't deny that. We underestimated the Brent WTI spread. I won't deny that. We had been very successful doing this. I think some of you know this. But over the last five years, we've made over $600 million in what I call discretionary trading. We are marking it to market versus using hedge accounting. That's how we elected to do this and so we have our position. So it will impact our business this year. You can figure it out. These positions were put on last year. Clearly, we've had a much colder winter, so I would say so much for global warming. But the French strikes had a larger impact. As Joe mentioned a few minutes ago, WTI continues to be suppressed. Global demand has been good and so the year is starting out great and yes, we've hedged about 10% of our crack, but everything is looking so darn good. It's wonderful. But we did miss the Brent WTI going this wide. And Joe said that we expected to come down some and we do. There are issues in the market, but the forward curve also indicates it's going to come down quite a bit as well. So that's kind of where we are and I will acknowledge that it got so darn good and we love it but we have a position on, that’s not that great.
William Klesse: Jeff, I would add to that, that the industry has a way of taking out these arbs [arbitrage]. And so within the constraints of pipelining or transportation or trucking or railing, as these open up, you will see actions happen. Whether -- Seaway is obviously owned by individuals, Capline, you're going to see things begin to take away the arb, if it were to stay this high. But I would also point out that the forward curve doesn't indicate it's going to stay this soft.
William Klesse: Well, I think gasoline inventories are adequate and my take on gasoline is we need to get people back to work. We need people driving. If you actually look at the demand numbers for gasoline, we had an uptick -- and I'm talking about the U.S. We had an uptick in the last couple weeks of December, but gasoline demand in and of itself is very comparable to last year. So it's going to come up a little bit, as the economy keeps improving, but we don't necessarily see gasoline and I've never represented to any of you that gasoline looks that great. Distillates look a lot better because it's being pulled so heavily from the world, and even with gasoline, there's been more export opportunities. But I think you were also asking, Doug, about turnarounds per se and yes, there's quite a few cat cracker turnarounds going on here in the first quarter but a lot of them end as you get into April. So those facilities are back in operation by then and then it's also for all of us in the industry, we schedule cranes, we schedule workforce, we schedule things like that. So even though we have very good cracks for instance, today, at least relative to WTI, the schedule implies that you just got to stick to it. And it's time for maintenance anyway.
William Klesse: We are bringing it back up. We're not quite all the way, as Ashley stated in the comments. But that asset to us is a very good asset. There's a lot of advantages, excellent tax structure, excellent coking operation, excellent harbors, excellent relationship with the government, so there's a lot of potential there. But we have stated that the refinery needs investment; it needs certain types of conversion units, and what Valero would be interested in is finding a partner to work with us on that facility.
