Gary Simmons: Hi Jeff, this is Gary Simmons. You’re exactly right. I mean the Saudi barrels that gotten to wear, we felt like they were competitive versus all alternatives. In the third quarter our volumes from the total Middle East were down considerably where we’ve historically run. We’re now seeing this they’re making pricing moves to bring their barrels back being competitive in the market. I would say with their recent announcement on their OSP they were competitive or at least within basic sense of marks.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Jeff. The place that we pivot first is really our Quebec refinery. And we definitely as Brent got weak, we saw some synergies start buying from West African grades again and backing out some of the grades that we were taking from U.S. Gulf Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yes. And you could kind of see that in the markets. The Brent got weak about three or four weeks ago. We started to pivot as others did. And then we’ve had three straight weeks where crude goes towards in the U.S. bill. So it kind of tells you the differential has to come back off to force those barrels back into the market.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Blake. I would tell you I think we’ve been very selective on what we should invest capital around logistics. We still think it makes sense that as you talked about, we haven’t done anything to lose our optionality that we can continue to import the foreign barrels and Saudi makes more sense around those barrels, we haven’t lost any of our optionality to be able to do that.
Gary Simmons: Very difficult to state. I think the key question there, is what is the marginal cost of production in North America versus other regions in the globe, and of course we’re not an upstream company. So, I don’t really know how all that shakes out. I think the assumption you’re kind of making with the question is that as crude price falls in the North American production falls with, the flat price falls. And that may happen, but I really don’t know, I’m not sure to be able to comment on that.
Gary Simmons: I don’t know if we have lot of insight here. I think we feel like it’s going to be after the elections here before we get the new RBO. And it’s so late in the year at this stage that we don’t think it will be potentially different from where we were last year.Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Okay, great.
Gary Simmons: Paul, keep in mind, our projects are designed principally to reduce feedstock cost. And if we have cheaper crude, we’re going to shut down that’s going to force excess capacity and you have to shut down, so we will become more competitive.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul that’s a fair question. This is Joe. If we look at VLP, since the IPO we’ve stated that we’re going to grow our distributions between 20% and 25% a year. We’re in target to be in the middle to the high-end to that range. We just completed a drop and a distribution increase and we’re working on the next drop. Now, VLP is less than a year old, well we don’t have a debt rating yet, we’ll be in the process of getting that the next year or so. And it’s our intention to be investment grade. Now, when you consider the size and the pace of our drops to VLP, our original plan was to start with the logistics assets that would be more traditional. And that’s when we said that we’ve got the $800 million of EBITDA that is not a specific business unit that we have within Valero, it’s assets that are used to support the rest of the operations. And so we haven’t had P&Ls for them. That being said, that we can go in and we can calculate what the EBITDA would be for those assets based on market rates and that’s what we’ve done. Now, what’s come up here recently is this additional set of cases that would include do you put fuel margins and process units, into the MLP. So, we’re going to take a look at everything and we’re going to act accordingly. Obviously it’s never simple of taking EBITDA, putting the multiple on it and the same that’s what the value is. You got a lot of tax effects that need to be considered. The other thing then is, with the use of proceeds, could they be used, I mean, I expect we’re going to use them to do growth projects or to return the cash to the shareholders depending on which option has the highest returns. One of the questions we ask ourselves is if we do accelerate the drop we’re going to get some of the parts valuation increase in Valero because that’s something that although we’ve executed the MLP, we haven’t seen it yet.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul the $150 million – we have a $150 million as a place folder in that $2.8 million budget. If we didn’t perceive with the methanol plant, we wouldn’t spend that $150 million and we’d be at $265 million.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake, Gary makes a great point here. I mean, what we’re dealing with the markets that are really volatile. And the opportunity today is the opportunity today and it will change tomorrow or the next day. Again, one thing that is certain is if you don’t have the logistics in place to take advantage of the opportunity when it’s there is gone. And so, we feel very good about the projects that we’ve undertaken. I mean, the rate approved projects to move heavy sour crudes in are very good projects for us as are the unloading facilities that we’ve got. Our commitment to pipelines I think are very solid for us going forward. And the fact that you’ve got the pressure on the crude price right now affecting the start is willing us to move barrels back in. At the end of the day it’s going to be good because we’re going to see pressure on all of the barrels as they try to find all-mineral refinery going forward. So, we feel pretty good about what we’ve done and what we’ve got on the place to do going forward.
Joe Gorder: Hello Doug.Doug Leggate – Bank of America: And by the way, Joe congrats on your ascending to the Chairmanship as well. It’s nice to see with all of the titles.
Joe Gorder: I’ll tell you Doug. We do look at it as an entity that’s there to support the core business operations of Valero Energy. I mean, we’ve set it up with that in tens, we set it up as a traditional logistics MLP that was going to primarily focus on transportation and terminalling assets. Obviously the market’s changing here a little bit, people are making decisions to quit, a lot of their party assets in some cases in support some of the margin, the fuels margin in the assets also. I mean, that’s something that we’ll take a look at going forward. But our view of it is a very attractive low cost of capital way to support Valero’s core business.Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Okay. I appreciate. I’m going to just I’ll take some follow-up offline because there are multiple costs seeking down with one but. I guess my follow-up is really, could we get your latest thinking on the fuels market, generally the gasoline market in particular. You still have little bit refinery kind of more fold recycled then might found a buyer. And obviously there is a whole crude context has come down. So I’m just kind of curious as to, what’s your prognosis for the Atlantic Basin gasoline market and should we expect the kind of resilience in parts we’ve seen in these last couple of years, of these known supply risk emerging on the margins? And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Hi Doug, look, I think that project is going to be a bit challenged. And I mean, if they’re producing gasoline, it’s going to have to go somewhere so we’ll probably see at the market. But I would stack up the competitive position of our Gulf Coast refineries against any refinery like that.Doug Leggate – Bank of America: Okay. All right, you don’t have the sum. Thanks a lot Joe. I appreciate your time.
Joe Gorder: Our MIA volumes for the third quarter were right at our contract levels and up about 20,000 barrels a day what we had in the second quarter.Brad Heffer – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Joe Gorder: Yes, so we moved 124,000 barrels a day of Gulf Coast crude to Quebec, that didn’t all move through Corpus. Our project at Corpus will be online and probably functional in quarter terms, for the first quarter. So, we’ll start using our corporate assets in the first quarter. The volume we move was largely over third party logistics assets that we move to Quebec.
Joe Gorder: Well, when line 9 starts up, we will run less barrels from the U.S. Gulf Coast than what we ran in the third quarter and we’ll supply more Quebec’s flowing through line 9.
Joe Gorder: No, not anything too significant. Overall when you look at the LLS market in Mars, Mars continues to price competitive with LLS. And I think the heavies continue to price competitively with Mars. As you move west in the Gulf, you start to see a bigger advantage to run some of the light sweep, but that’s not too different from what we saw in the third quarter.
Joe Gorder: Phil, that’s a good question. I mean, when we look at the use of cash, we’ve got some very good projects. So we’re going to continue with the projects that we have underway these very strong returns and they make us much more efficient. And we realize that there is a balance between investments for growth in returning cash to shareholders. Now, I think our actions in the third quarter and through this year really reflect its realization. And we’ve had two dividend increases and we’ve had increased share repurchases while continuing with the growth projects that improve our overall business. And to the extent that we have free cash flow going forward and to the extent that there are, tremendous capital projects to use the cash for. I think you can see us continue on this path. And we’ll be comfortable with returning it to shareholders.
Joe Gorder: No, it’s the latter. As we – we started with a list of projects. And if you look at it from the refining perspective, Lane has the process that he goes through tremendous rigorous review. And I think the fact that he’s got this rigorous review shows up in the timing on the methanol project, right. It’s a big project, and we want to be sure that we’ve got the capital right. So he’s going through this in a very methodical way, just to be sure on target. We put together a list of prospective projects and we do this every year. And what we’re doing now is we, our list of projects that we talk about are those we scrubbed at the point that we feel that there is a reasonable probability that we’re going to do them. So, the projects we feel we could execute next year from either the refining side or the logistic side, as we’ve included in the budget, we feel we’re fairly committed to that 2.65 million numbers, $150 million from ethanol is kind of let’s see what we get. But it is a kind of bottom-up, what projects do we have to take a look at and then we look at it from the top-down and say these are the ones that we want to undertake based on the return thresholds. There is though, a general view among this management team that we’d like to try to return more cash to shareholders. And so, having a capital and having our capital at this level is something we’re very comfortable with. We believe it creates that proper value between, proper balance between continued investment to grow and optimize the business and rewarding the shareholder for his loyalty to us.
Joe Gorder: No, I think if you look at ‘14 versus ‘15, we’ve got significant investment for example in the rail carts in 2014. That falls off. We have it intentionally tried to reduce the investments that we’re making in the midstream side of the business. Okay, what we’ve got is probably timing issues here, developing the projects in the form where we’re willing to put them in to the capital budget, that’s all we’re dealing with.
Joe Gorder: I mean, there is competitive barriers to everything right, but there is no reason that we can’t compete effectively with this. And as I mentioned earlier, we talked about the capital. We’ve included in the capital budget project we’re highly confident we’re going to do. The one exception is that methanol plant, I’m not saying we will or won’t do it we’re just still in the process of looking at it. But we’ve got a lot of logistics projects right now that Rich Lashway and his team are in the process of developing. They’re not far enough well to include in the capital budget but they would be logistics type path that would use to support the existing refining portfolio. And there’s some of them that look like they are very good projects.
Joe Gorder: It is pretty interesting that we’re here in November we don’t know what the 2014 obligation number is yet.Sam Margolin – Cowen & Company: Interesting is one word for it, yes, I guess.
Joe Gorder: Okay, Paul, I know this has been your perspective. We look at the capital, okay. We got $1.4 billion or $1.5 billion that we spend on the assets to maintain them the way we want to maintain them. We’ve got the crude unit project which have 25% plus rates of return, and they’re not putting anymore juice in the market per say. They’re optimization projects. We’ve got the opportunity to drop at higher multiples logistics assets. We’re going to continue to invest in those. If you extract the methanol plant $150 million our place holder from the $2.8 billion or $2.65 billion that is well below the $3 billion that we forecasted this year. And we don’t arbitrarily select projects to undertake to outlook if the alternative use for the cash. And so, if we’re deciding to do a capital project, I think we’re very comfortable making our day in sports in sharing what the returns are going to look like on this and why it’s a better alternative to us and repurchasing shares for example. So, I do think that this management team has reduced the capital spend, I think if we look at it going forward with the rigor we have in the process and the thresholds we’re setting for acceptance of the projects, we’re going to see this continue to be at this level. It may continue to decline. But I don’t want to not do projects that improve the operation of the business and have good returns when they are available to us.
Joe Gorder: Okay. And I think what we would say is we have a cost of capital, we got a cost of capital there which We haven’t set a target per say, but 10% range, 12% range and it’s certainly going to be the dividend, the share repurchase aspect of it. But we recognize that we’ve got a need to exceed counts of capital on our projects in our business.
Joe Gorder: Yes. So, of course for us, I think we feel like there is, better options to get Canadian heavy to the U.S. Gulf Coast and taking it to the East Coast and around. But absence of any of those opportunities moving forward, we definitely see it’s an option to get additional heavy side to the Gulf. And we also see that there is an opportunity to move the Canadian barrels to Pembroke as well.
Joe Gorder: And then, from a strategic perspective, we think it’s great to have good assets with strong management teams out there that provide us the option to take advantage of the strong market environment we have from time to time out there.
Joe Gorder: Well, that’s okay. I was just going to say, we appreciate everyone calling in and listening to the call today. If you have additional questions or didn’t get a chance to ask your question, please contact our Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Hi Paul, Lane Riggs. That $150 million in the 2015 led to $2.8 billion, and I’ll predict we’re in the Phase 2 development of the project and we’ll go – we’ll have another review in for side view, we’ll then go somewhere in the second quarter of ‘15.
Lane Riggs: Now, the projects were always sort of in the fourth quarter ‘15, first quarter ‘16 and it’s about mechanical completions versus oil and bay. There has not been any delay with them or not, it’s about these projects and we’re going forward with them. Because we’re not really about trying to produce more gasoline and more diesel this is about trying to feed our system more economically right with domestic role, which were imported in release.
Lane Riggs: I’ll try to take a shot at this, this is Lane. Our signals in the third quarter were obviously max on everything. And to the extent that we’re signaled around high crude rate half way to the 1,000 crude margins. And we had really good converging unit margins because VGO prices were inexpensive. We still see those signals going forward in the fourth quarter, they’re not as strong as they were in the third quarter but they’re still have signals put on our system relatively bold.
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane. So, our last really big liability projects we did and we’re looking at systems that in the quarter and that were replacing the reactors. We went and now we’re in the process of starting up the Meraux hydrocracker which should begin, sort of reconfigure in that refiner. We don’t really have anything quite like that going forward in our capital plan. It’s sort of, we’re going to be in premium, doesn’t really impact our throughputs per say. So, really from here going forward, we just have our round phase, our regimen of standard turnaround execution themselves.
Lane Riggs: Yes, and we always, I mean, our number one focus on everything we do is to try, with first is safety. But right behind that is really liability. And we do never squeeze for reliability stand, is actually slowing. And we’re pretty confident that we have spent the right money on the right things to maintain a higher liability rate in our system.
Lane Riggs: Allen, this is Lane. That would also we are still working on the Venetian rail project. Our comments her are, we’re working on those, answering all the questions and we sort of expect that to be finished in December. We think permits would be issued in the first quarter. That’s really the – in terms of the strategic capital that we have spending on the West Coast, that’s pretty much it. Everything else would be very careful in our, spend on the West Coast. Because we have obviously great opportunities in our Gulf Coast and our Mid-Continent market on North Eastern capital. So, we’re very careful, we run a very tight shift out there and that’s sort of how we’re managing the West Coast.
Ashley Smith: Hi Ryan, this is Ashley Smith. Yes, we performed well we had a limited turnaround activity in the quarter, so other quarters might not be as comparable when we had more turnaround activity. But a lot of the capture rate is partially due to our investments and hydrocrackers are running well. In fact, St. Charles hydrocracker is running in a – consistingly running in excessive capacity. In addition, you saw some typical market stuff that’s not in the indicator such as DGO as well we achieved in the quarter and that paid us well too.
Ashley Smith: That is – that’s basically, you’re always going to have some movement in items that are not in the indicator. But we also are seeing benefits from our previous investments particularly in the hydrocrackers.
Ashley Smith: Hi Evan, this is Ashley. Yes, you’re correct. So, we’re going from ‘14, it was over 50% of our capital with the logistics and it’s because of rail power is falling off, it’s going to be next year, little over 30%. And you’re right, it’s right around $400 million in logistics.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Our change in cash for the quarter was an increase of $700 million. And of that amount about $300 million of that was attributable to working capital so we had an increase in our payables receivable in that. So that’s – I mean, that’s going to be a timing issue most likely.
Mike Ciskowski: Towards the end of the year, as we manage around the life of inventory levels there, things so that we could have a reduction in our working capital.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I think we’ve talked about the cost being approximately $900 million, and when we look at a proper most pulling around 10 times that would give you $90 million and 50% of that would kind of back you into $45 million of EBITDA.
