John Locke - Executive Director: Thanks, Ethan. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. With me today are: Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations and Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at Valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
John Locke - Executive Director: Thank you, Joe. Moving on to the quarterly results, we reported net income from continuing operations of $1.4 billion or $2.79 per share versus the third quarter 2014 earnings per share of $2.00. The refining segment generated operating income of $2.3 billion. Refining throughput volumes averaged 2.8 million barrels per day, which was in line with the third quarter of 2014. Our refineries operated at 96% throughput capacity utilization in the third quarter of 2015 in spite of unplanned downtime, including the refinery-wide outage at our Texas City refinery due to a lightning strike. Refining cash operating expenses of $3.80 per barrel in the third quarter of 2015 were also in line with the third quarter of 2014. The ethanol segment generated $35 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2015 versus $198 million in the third quarter of 2014. General and administrative expenses excluding corporate depreciation were $179 million in the third quarter of 2015. Also in the third quarter, net interest expense was $112 million. Depreciation and amortization expense was $482 million. The effective tax rate was 32.4%. With respect to our balance sheet, at quarter end total debt was $7.4 billion and cash and temporary cash investments were $5.3 billion, of which $51 million was held by VLP. Valero's debt-to-capitalization ratio, net of $2 billion in cash, was approximately 20%. Valero had over $5 billion of available liquidity excluding cash. The cash flows in the third quarter included $467 million of capital spending, of which $109 million was for turnarounds and catalysts. We returned $1.3 billion in cash to our stockholders in the third quarter, which included approximately $200 million in dividend payments and $1.1 billion for the purchase of 17.2 million shares of Valero common stock. Year to date we've purchased 35.5 million shares for $2.2 billion. So for modeling our fourth quarter operations, we expect throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: U.S. Gulf Coast at 1.55 million to 1.6 million barrels per day; U.S. Mid-Continent at 420,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; U.S. West Coast at 235,000 to 255,000 barrels per day; and North Atlantic at 480,000 to 500,000 barrels per day. We expect refining cash operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be around $3.80 per barrel. Our ethanol segment is expected to produce a total of 3.85 million gallons per day in the fourth quarter. Operating expenses should average $0.38 per gallon, which includes $0.05 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. We expect G&A expenses excluding corporate depreciation for the fourth quarter to be around $200 million, and net interest expense should be about $100 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be approximately $475 million, and our effective tax rate is expected to be around 30%. Ethan, we've concluded our opening remarks. In a moment, we will open the call to questions. During this segment, we continue to ask that our callers please limit each turn to two questions. Callers may rejoin the queue with additional questions as time permits.
John Locke - Executive Director: Great. Thanks, Ethan. We appreciate everyone joining us today. If anyone has any additional questions, please contact me or Karen Ngo after the call. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. We had another strong quarter, as our team operated safely and efficiently. Favorable product margins, which were supported by strong demand during the quarter, incentivized us to run at high utilization rates. While we are seeing some seasonal pressure on product margins today, demand for our products remains strong and crude oil markets continue to be well supplied, so we maintain our favorable outlook for 2016. We continue to focus on our priorities of maintaining safe and reliable operations, investing in our business, and returning cash to stockholders. Regarding strategic investments, we continue to grow our business. We expect to see contributions in the fourth quarter from our recently completed McKee crude unit expansion, Port Arthur hydrocracker expansion, and from delivered crude off of Enbridge Line 9B. Additionally, we're making good progress on our two crude unit projects. The Corpus Christi crude unit is ahead of schedule and is expected to start, with a startup date of December 1. We expect startup of the Houston crude unit around the end of the first quarter of 2016, as scheduled. We also executed another dropdown transaction earlier this month to Valero Energy Partners, which is our sponsored MLP. And finally, regarding cash returns to stockholders, over the first nine months of this year we've delivered a 73% payout of net income, so we're on track to hit our 75% target for 2015. Additionally, the Board of Directors approved a 25% increase in the regular quarterly dividend, which is the second increase approved this year. So with those highlights, John, I'll turn it back over to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Neil, the only thing I'd add to what Mike said is, in the investor presentations we made – and management made the commitment at the beginning of the year that we'd look at the use of our cash in a non-discretionary and a discretionary way, and clearly we view the dividend as something that is non-discretionary. So when we commit to doing the dividend, we believe we need to maintain the dividend. And so as Mike said, it was a good time to do it. We've had a great year. We want to reward our shareholders, and we'll continue to look at it going forward. So when you look at the total payout ratio, it's based on net income, and we've been very forthright about that. All we're doing really in this case is altering the makeup of that payout ratio and increasing the percentage that would be made up of the dividend.
Joseph W. Gorder: So, Evan, as Mike said, I think you can expect that we're going to hit the 75% target. That's our objective. So if you're trying to gauge pace of buybacks in the fourth quarter, they're probably going to be at a somewhat slower pace than they were in the third quarter, as we made up ground during the third quarter. I think going forward, as Mike has talked about, we want to maintain the dividend at the high end of the range of the peers. So we will continue to look at it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. Yes, but I don't think we're going to get into what our acquisition criteria is with you, no offense.Johannes M. L. Van Der Tuin - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, no problem. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: I think if we looked at it, we were behind the peers. And Mike laid out what the objective was, Phil, and it's to pay out towards the higher end of that. And so I guess you could look at it as a make-up, in fact, the whole year. I think when we looked at it, we were behind going into the year, and we felt that we needed to try to get caught up. So obviously, that was the case. I think as we get closer to the peers, I think this thing – the prospective increases would be at a more moderate level.
Joseph W. Gorder: Paul, we're in a volatile business. And whether you use net income or cash flow, I think you just pick one, and we picked net income. So it was one that's very easy for everybody to look at and identify the number. And so it seemed to provide the most transparency from our perspective.
Joseph W. Gorder: I think you could probably assume that's the case. Paul, I think we did it at your conference last year. And so that's where we laid out the 50% targeted payout ratio. It's our objective to have a stated payout ratio. And again, this is the first year we did it. We set one out there. We viewed it as a target that we wanted to hit. Things went well this year. We were able to raise that target. So philosophically, I think we're going to always look at our cash flows and our free cash and decide what to do with it. And certainly we've set our priorities with the dividend now and with the share buyback program, and we'll continue to pursue it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Brad, that's a good question and it's one that we continue to wrestle with as we look at the strategy going forward. It's hard to really understand what drives the multiples. We look at sum of the parts, and clearly our portfolio is more levered towards refining perhaps than the peers. And so clearly a more diversified set of earnings streams for the company would be something that might lift that multiple. The other thing that we really couldn't factor in entirely is where having a payout ratio, certainly the dividend that was below the peers might affect us from a multiple perspective. And so you address what you can in a timely manner. And we've addressed now the fact that we've lagged on the payout in the dividend, and we're continuing to look for the opportunities to grow different earnings streams within the business. And the drops from Valero to VLP clearly is targeted at trying to do this. And then we'll continue to look for good projects to grow the refining business, the renewables business, and then we'll look for other business lines that we might be able to get into. The objective would be to do it with a stronger currency. And so we continue to have this as a major point of focus, but I just don't know that there is a silver bullet that you could fire that's going to immediately get the stock rerated and have you up to where your peers are, but we're taking the actions that we can that we think will help drive that way.
Joseph W. Gorder: But speaking more broadly, Gary, I think as you look at Iranian crude coming into the market, obviously, the more sour crudes that are in the market, I think it's certainly to Valero's advantage because we definitely have the ability to process it. And as Gary is pointing out, we always are optimizing the crude slate, Doug, as you know. But having more availability of sour crude, whether they be mediums or heavies, is certainly to our advantage in the Gulf.
Joseph W. Gorder: Doug, we had free cash flow available and we did what we said we were going to do, and it is what it is. I think as we look at this going forward, we laid out a target and we're going to hit it. We're not here to build cash. We're here to grow our business and to reward our shareholders. And we thought this was the right time to do it and it was the way to do it. And so that's what led to the timing. If we had had reduced margins this year, you probably wouldn't have seen us step up the target. But here again, we are owned by firms out there and individuals that are looking for a return and for us to use the cash prudently, and we think that's what we did.
Gary K. Simmons: Neil, this is Gary. I certainly do see that what we have this year is just the seasonal nature of our business. We start to get out of gasoline season and you see the gas cracks begin to soften, and typically we go through a period of time where refinery margins are squeezed until heating oil demand begins to kick in. I think the surprise this year is actually the gas cracks were much stronger for a longer period of time than what we typically see. Even today, a light sweet refiner in the Gulf has a $9 crack spread. If you're running medium sour, it's around $12. And a heavy sour refiner in the Gulf has a $15 crack spread. So to us, those numbers don't look bad at all for this time of year. We see good product demand on the distillate side. Our export markets remain strong. And then on the gasoline side, as the markets in the Gulf have softened some, it's opened up the arbs to start gasoline exports as well. So we feel pretty good about the markets going forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Yes, I think we definitely see a lot of turnaround activity in the fourth quarter of this year, which will probably keep the West Coast market fairly tight. As you move into next year, I think we've seen a good demand response as a result of lower flat price on the West Coast. That will certainly keep that market tighter than what we've seen in the past several years, so we're fairly optimistic on our West Coast operations for next year. I don't really have any insight to turnaround activity. I don't know, Lane, if you...
Gary K. Simmons: So you're correct, we did run record levels of domestic light sweet crude during the third quarter. That was somewhat tied to where the crude differentials were, but we also see rate lever that we get from running a lighter crude diet, so that pushed us in that direction. And then also with the strength in gasoline, we get a higher gasoline yield off those types of crudes, so that pushed us to the domestic light sweet as well. As we transition into the fourth quarter, the crude markets remain very volatile. And so we have definitely transitioned to where we're running a lot more sour crudes in the system today than what we did in the third quarter. I think as you move to 2016, as long as we're in this market that the crude markets are oversupplied, you're just going to see a lot of volatility between the grades. And so we are just going to be responsive. As the markets move, we'll run the diet that is most economic in our refineries.
Gary K. Simmons: This is Gary again. We purchased pretty much our full volume on what we had committed on Line 9 for November injection, and so those barrels will begin to start showing up in Montreal in December and making its way to the refinery. In terms of the barrels that are available to us, it's pretty much what we had planned, so we have a mix of Bakken and MSW and Syncrude from Western Canada. With the arb being narrower, the economics aren't quite as strong as what we had envisioned, but Line 9 barrels are still at or better than what we can do from a U.S. Gulf Coast sourced domestic light sweet barrel.
Gary K. Simmons: Jeff, this is Gary. At least my view is it is more structural in nature. We did have some refinery downtime, but I don't think that was the key driver. I think that as the Gulf Coast refineries are running lighter crude diets that we're out of reforming capacity, you become long naphtha. And as long as you have a strong gasoline market, there's an incentive to blend that naphtha into the gasoline pool, and to do that it takes high octane blend components. In addition to that, some of the big growing export markets have specifications that require high alkylate blends, not necessarily even for octane. And then finally, I think one of the things that we've seen this year is with where aromatic pricings have been, both toluene and xylene have been under their blend value, which has allowed both of those components to be in the gasoline pool. Assuming we have some strengthening in the aromatics pricing moving forward, you can see that both of those high octane blend components actually get pulled out of the pool and octane premiums remain strong.
Gary K. Simmons: Paul, this is Gary again. The way we're viewing the distillate markets, we've seen six straight weeks of draws in the stats here domestically. Export demand remains very robust. You have some seasonal maintenance that's coming in. And so I think the combination of seasonal maintenance and exports will keep domestic inventories in check. And then really the wild card is what happens with the weather and heating oil demand. As you look globally, I think a lot is being made of the stocks in the ARA [Amsterdam-Rotterdam-Antwerp]. There's just not a lot of tankage over there. So when we talk about inventory being very high, it's 8 million barrels above where it was last year. I think some of the things that we're seeing is that the Rhine River levels are low and hindering some of the typical demand pulls we see out of the ARA. So to some degree, I think we feel like some of the inventory in Europe may be understated or overstated. But we continue to see very good demand, both Latin America and Europe, for diesel, and feel pretty good about those markets.
Gary K. Simmons: Sure, this is Gary. Gasoline, we did 89,000 barrels a day of exports, primarily in Mexico and Latin America. And on the diesel side, we did 241,000 barrels a day of exports. It was a 65:35 split between Latin America and Europe. On the distillate, if you include kerosene, it brought us to about 285,000 barrels a day of total distillates.
Gary K. Simmons: No, I think you really hit the nail on the head. We have a combination of overbuilt logistics in light of flat to declining domestic crude production. So with the current market, the U.S. Gulf Coast bound pipelines from Mid-Continent have tariffs that are greater than where actually the market is today. So you're just seeing people with take-or-pays going ahead to ship even though it doesn't look like they have economics on paper, and that's what's really driving the differentials.
Gary K. Simmons: I think the tariff and the midstream situation is here until we get some recovery in production. I would tell you on the imports, that's more the volatility between grades. I think what we saw is that as people started to see that production was falling, it was very supportive of the domestic light sweet pricing. At the same time, medium sour production in the Gulf was growing and medium sour exports in the Middle East were increasing. So all of a sudden, we saw a fairly wide differential between medium sour and light sweet, and it incentivized us to bring in a lot of imports of medium sour into our system.
Gary K. Simmons: Where we were with – the economics for the toppers assumed LLS/Brent flat. And so as LLS is discounted to Brent, it actually improves the economics of those toppers fairly significantly. I think some of the – two things causing the LLS-to-TI spread being where it is today. One is this overbuilt logistics and people shipping even though the economics don't appear to be supportive. And then secondly, we have a lot of imports coming into the Gulf. So ultimately, you can't keep having these inventory builds of domestic light sweet. We're going to have to see those differentials come off and incentivize refiners to go back to a lighter diet at some point in time.
Gary K. Simmons: So Line 9 for us is primarily fed with Western Canadian light sweet, then Bakken. And so you're really looking at that spread and comparing it to a U.S. Gulf Coast supply or a foreign light sweet alternative.
Gary K. Simmons: So, Doug, I think the way we see it is there's just going to be a lot of volatility between grades. And it certainly is an advantage for someone like us with the quality of refining assets that we have that can swing to a light diet, medium diet, and a heavy sour diet. And that's the way this year shaped up, and I don't think we see it much differently next year. There are times when it's certainly been an advantage to run a very light diet, and then there are other times where we see very good value in Canadian heavies or heavies from Mexico or South America.
Gary K. Simmons: I think we've definitely seen increased demand with the lower flat price. Certainly there's seasonality to gasoline. The gasoline cracks have remained stronger longer than they typically do. But I think the things that we see in the market that are supportive of gasoline going forward is the price of gasoline in the Gulf now has opened up arbs for exports. So certainly in our system we're seeing a significant increase in the volumes we're exporting. Imports to the New York harbor have fallen way off, which is supportive of gasoline. Naphtha export economics have changed to where we're really not putting naphtha into the gasoline pool now. We're exporting naphtha to the Far East. We've seen FCC margins fall off some to where you'll see some sparing of FCC capacity, and then some seasonal maintenance. So I think all of those things we feel like are supportive of the gasoline markets going forward.
Gary K. Simmons: Certainly if we run at very high utilization rates and aren't allowed to export, you could become long, but I don't think we see that that will happen.
Gary K. Simmons: Chi, I would say we've definitely seen greater availability of Canadian heavy in the Gulf. We ran record volumes of Canadian heavy in the third quarter. Really, the medium sour pricing seems to be what's setting the price of the heavy sours. All the heavy sour producers know they have to compete with an ASCI or Mars barrel in the Gulf. And so they price their barrels to be competitive on a quality-adjusted basis with that medium sour barrel in the Gulf. And the Canadian is certainly that same way.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, Neil, this is Mike. We went ahead and increased the dividend this quarter. We're having a great year, and we thought it was appropriate to increase it at this time. Going forward, ultimately we would like to get to the position of increasing the dividend annually. And our intention is to pay a dividend at the top end of the range for our peer group.
Michael S. Ciskowski: On the dividend payout, our intention is to be at the top end of the range of our peer group. And then as we increase that, buybacks would be a little bit less of the total pie.
Michael S. Ciskowski: We increased the payout target from 50% to 75% on the last call. So we had to pick up the buybacks quite a bit to meet our commitment to our shareholders and payout to 75%.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It's based off of net income. And so we're not providing earnings guidance here on what the fourth quarter would be. So if net income comes in very strong, we'll be buying back a lot of shares.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, the last – and this is Mike again. The last drop on October 1, our plan was all along to self-fund that drop. On the capital markets, based on our discussions with the bankers, we do not believe that the capital markets are closed. We believe that they're open. The equity markets have been challenging. There's not been a lot of activity in the last six weeks or so on the equity side, but we do believe that the markets are open.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, we do participate. We do look at the opportunities as they do become available to us. We have not I guess been able to consummate an acquisition during this time.
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, we don't. We're not prepared today to give the payout target for 2016, but I would anticipate that we'll do that early next year.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Obviously, the capital markets have been very volatile. We continue to market that. But our plan is to continue to execute upon our previously communicated dropdown guidance for 2016, and that's around $1 billion of assets.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Our plan was to self-fund the drop. With this particular drop, though, we're now at a debt-to-EBITDA of about 3.5 times. And so we'd likely not want to be longer than that on a long-term basis. So with the next acquisition, we're going to have to go get our investment-grade credit rating, which our plan is to do that late this year or next year, have the ability to go to the debt capital markets. And then with the ratio of being 3.5 times – or approximately 3.5 times, the next acquisition also might require an equity component – or will require an equity component. So from this point forward, I think you would anticipate the capital markets.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes, for our capital expenditure guidance for 2015, we do remain unchanged at $2.65 billion. Now when we provide this guidance, just to clarify, we mean capital expenditures, turnaround costs, as well as investments in joint ventures. So September year to date, our total is $1.7 billion, so we are trending below the guidance. However, as you all know, we have an option to become a 50% owner in the Diamond pipeline, and we may exercise that option in this quarter.
R. Lane Riggs: This is Lane. We obviously have a dialogue with all of our contractors and we have a large business with them. And the outlook that they're telling us is it will be a fairly heavy – the first quarter of 2016 will be – I mean the first half of 2016 will be heavier than the first half of 2015.
R. Lane Riggs: Jeff, this is Lane. Our unscheduled downtime during the third quarter cost us about $116 million, with the big event being this lightning strike that knocked out our substation at Texas City.
R. Lane Riggs: I quantified the impact on our results. I'm not really – I don't think – I'm not going to comment on the impact that might have had on the market, if that's what you're looking for. I'm just saying – I'm giving you what happened to us.
R. Lane Riggs: We don't really give forward guidance on turnarounds. But when we set the guidance volumes, we do take turnarounds into consideration. I think if you look in the aggregate, the guidance for this quarter is similar to the fourth quarter last year.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Hi, guys. It was a little bit of a follow-up or somewhat asked by Paul already, but I was wondering about this 75% of net income target. I guess at the highest level, I was wondering why you use net income. It seems like a bit of a bouncy denominator, if that's the right word – or numerator I guess.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Jeff, I wasn't excited enough about our conference in January. I'm super-excited now, so I'll look forward to your announcement January 6.
Paul Benedict Sankey: Just on a really important thing for us is my second and final question. This whole thing of a view that global distillate is weak, oversupplied, really doesn't come through in your commentary at all. Is this just the strength of Latin America, or could you just provide just more detail, as you see it, on where this distillate is going, and why you can succeed in exporting so much more when there's this perception that the market globally is weak? Thanks.
