Joe Gorder: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Well 2017 was certainly a tale of two halves. In the first half of the year, we saw a gradual but steady improvement in margins from the low levels of 2016. The return of global economic growth created strong product demand and, on the supply side, our flexibility allowed us to optimize our system away from the OPEC supply constraint in crudes to capture more margin available on Canadian and domestic crude supply. In fact, we processed a record 1.4 million barrels per day of light crude during the fourth quarter. In the second half of the year, catastrophic weather-related events accelerated the decline in industry product inventories to below five-year averages, brought national attention to the complexity and inefficiency of the U.S. fuel supply chain and renewed appreciation for the critical role that products play in the lives of families and communities. In December, to the delight of many, our nation’s lawmakers passed unprecedented tax reform. We believe tax reform further strengthens the competitive position of the U.S. refining industry versus our global competition through greater tax efficiency and increased earnings power and cash flow generation. We were glad to see this positive step change for American manufacturing businesses and for American families. I’d also like to recognize Valero’s tax accounting and legal teams, who dedicated significant time and effort over the recent months and during the holidays to analyze and account for the requirements of the tax reform. Now looking ahead, we expect a significant reduction in our taxes and effective tax rate versus pretax reform levels. And Valero’s net cash provided by operating activities should also benefit significantly. That being said, you should expect us to remain committed to our capital allocation framework, which prioritizes maintaining our investment-grade credit ratings and nondiscretionary spending to sustain the business and pay our dividends. Incremental discretionary cash flow resulting from tax reform would need to compete with other discretionary uses, including growth investments, M&A, and cash returns. Turning to Valero business, in 2017, we set new operational performance records for safety, reliability, and environmental stewardship. Our accomplishments in these areas exemplify Valero's commitment to premier operations and are key drivers that enable us to deliver more stable earnings. Also, in 2017, we invested $2.4 billion to sustain and grow the business. The Diamond Pipeline in the Wilmington cogeneration unit both started up in November and are running well. The Diamond Pipeline connects Cushing to Memphis and has improved our Memphis refinery's crude supply flexibility, providing a cost advantage versus crude delivered on cap line. The cogeneration unit is helping reduce Wilmington's operating expenses, while also increasing the reliability of its power and steam supplies. Construction on the capacity expansion of the Diamond Green diesel plant in the new Houston alkylation unit remains on track. We expect to complete these projects in the third quarter of 2018 and the first half of 2019, respectively. Our logistics investments in Central Texas and along the Houston Ship Channel are also progressing. Estimated start-ups are in mid-2019 for the Central Texas pipelines and terminals and then early 2020 for the Pasadena Terminal. We also expect to break ground soon on a new 25,000 barrels per day alkylation unit at the St. Charles refinery. This project was recently approved by our Board of Directors. The estimated total cost is $400 million with the start-up scheduled for the second half of 2020. Regarding cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 63% of our 2017 adjusted net cash provided by operating activities, which exceeded our target annual payout range of 40% to 50%. Last week, our Board approved a 14% increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.80 per share, or $3.20 annually, further demonstrating our commitment to our investors. In closing, with days of supply for refined light product inventories near five-year lows and continued global economic growth, we expect good demand in domestic and export markets and healthy margins this year. Given our advantaged position as a low-cost manufacturer and premier operator, with flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels to consumers, we are optimistic about 2018. So, with that, John, I'll hand the call back to you 
Joe Gorder: Doug, when you think about it, I mean, and this has been a consistent question that we received for several years. Are we buying back shares at 50? Is it too high? Are we buying back shares at 60? Is that too high? And here we are we find ourselves kind of in the mid-90s and is that too high. Frankly, I think our view would be that we remain undervalued, and the paradigm on independent refining is shifting. We are much more focused certainly Valero is on producing free cash flow and maintaining capital discipline around the use of funds. And to the extent that we continue to throw off significant amounts of free cash flow, we're going to have the opportunity to continue to buy back our shares and create higher lows and higher highs in the stock price.  So, if you ask me personally, if I think we're overvalued today, I would say the answer is no. And do I think there is upside in the stock price, I'd say yes. And as a result, I think that you should expect that we're going to continue to balance out our payout with repurchases.
Joe Gorder: That's a good question. Doug, Jason Fraser is here, and he runs policy and strategic planning. He's been obviously neck-deep in this particular issue, as have I. And we'll let him share some insights on that. 
Joe Gorder: Gary may have more of a view on the market, but that's got to be something effecting it. There's a risk and there is also the EPS has kind of signaled that they're looking at the smaller refiner exceptions, and there's been a lot of discussion of that. If they were to grant those, that could end, not reallocate them to other obligated parties, which is what we think they would do. They would not redistribute that mandate. That would have a negative effect on RIN prices too. So, there are several things floating around. But, Gary, I don't know if Gary has a view beyond that. 
Joe Gorder: But I don't know of anything in the marketplace today that is really for sale, or that's of interest. So, and you're right. I think the bid-ask spreads not only on refining assets, but on logistics assets also, it's been pretty broad. And as you guys know, we tend to take a look at everything that is out in the market, and then we have a target list of things that we particularly track that we'd be interested in. And it just hasn't come together in a way that has allowed us to execute something that we would be pleased with. So, we'll continue to watch it, but there's just nothing there right now. 
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake. I think historically you see that weakness in the West Coast in the fourth quarter. This was a little more severe than what we generally see. I think you touched on some of it. Refinery utilization was high. You were in high RVT season, so you had butane kind of swelling the gasoline pool. And then a little bit softer demand with some of the weather issues on the West Coast. I think all that drove to the weakness that you’ve seen. Moving forward, we have a little bit of turnaround activity going on. And then already in Los Angeles, we switched to summer grade gasoline. The Bay will go to summer grade in another couple of weeks, which will help slow supply into the market and start to bring inventories back into balance.
Joe Gorder: Yes. We do have some cash, both in Canada and the UK, and we could bring that back if we need to. But our cash position here in the U.S. is adequate, and so we don’t need to bring it back at this time.
Joe Gorder: Yes, go ahead. Or on the drop-down, I mean, are you – I guess it remains to be seen how that – the tax reform, obviously, it just happened in December, and how that’s going to affect the drop-down activity. The multiples are market-related, and so we just don’t know for sure how tax reform will affect those multiples.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Yeah, on the reform. What we did was we pro-formed our 2017 results, and we had $3.2 billion of pretax income. We wanted to determine the change in our tax provision as well as the cash taxes, so we assumed that all available capital in 2017 was available for full expensing.  So, in regard to our income statement, the tax provision would be lower by approximately $230 million or $0.50 per share. On the cash side, our cash taxes, our U.S. cash taxes would decrease by approximately $400 million based on those assumptions. And then when you include the repatriation tax to transition to the Territorial system, the savings would be $350 million.
Joe Gorder: I think we have been below mid-cycle, but you'll start to transition to a period where we'll be above mid-cycle moving forward. 
Joe Gorder: Well, it's encouraging that they're allowing the midterm review to be completed. I mean, the previous administration aborted the process kind of in mid-stream and the fact that you're reassessing it, it shows that the autos are doing a good job of communicating their situation to the EPA and the other regulatory bodies. So, it will be interesting to see what happens. And this conversation on CAFE dovetails into the conversation around octane and the comments that Blake made earlier. So, it's an issue that needs to be resolved, and it needs to be resolved in a reasonable way unless we're going to start dictating to US consumers what it is that they can buy.
Joe Gorder: So, the octane, it wasn't like it was on the fence with respect to our hurdle rates. Again, we use hurdle rates primarily as a way to focus the organization on - we first start with a strategic view and then we look at these projects in the context of our strategic view, and we use these hurdle rates to kind of get us to ensure that we at least minimize our commodity risk involved. So that's the long answer to say, no, the tax regulation didn't change how we were going to think about the Appalachian unit. And that same answer sort of pertains to how we view strategic investment in general. So, it remains to be seen. I'm not - I think, again, we've said time and time again we'll use our free cash flow to go through our asset allocation model and we'll just see how it all works out.
Joe Gorder: Well, we may at some point. I don't think we feel like the logistics are limiting today. What you do see, even with the ARP where it is today, you start to see people charge higher and higher premiums for dock access. So today that $0.50 number I quoted is more like $0.90 cents if you want to get to the water as people see the wide ARPs.
Joe Gorder: It's 20 years on the Fairmax and it's less than that on the IEnova so it's half that. We have the option to extend these contracts. 
Joe Gorder: Sure. Kristina, this is Rich. Currently, there's a lot of open season projects going on right now Epic and, Buckeye and Magellan have got projects going on from the Permian to Corpus or to Houston. We don't have any binding commitments with anybody. I mean you know us we're always looking at logistics opportunities that can reduce our secondary cost or provide third-party revenues, but it's interesting. But we're not committed to anything.
Joe Gorder: There's a lot of options, and we're just - we're looking at them. The good news is, right, that's just going to mean there's more crude coming into Corpus for the Corpus refinery. So that's always a good thing when there's excess pipeline capacity coming into the markets where we can grow our refining capacity.
Joe Gorder: It’s of significant value to us for the JV. It’s $1.00 a gallon retroactive, right? So, it’s $160 million. So, it’s significant.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I think it’s probably too early for any of the IMO impact to be seen in the market. I think what you’re seeing, though, is globally countries are beginning to put in infrastructure to able to import LNG, and then they ban the burning of high sulfur fuel for power generation. And so, you’ve seen that transpire in a couple countries, and as those countries roll off and stop consuming fuel, you see weakness in the markets. And I think that’s what we’ve seen recently happen in the market.
Joe Gorder: No, it very much is. High sulfur fuel oil has a significant input, impact on the heavy sour crude prices. And so as high sulfur fuel gets discounted, we generally see wider quality discounts which benefit us greatly.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Roger, this is Gary. Yeah, we’ve seen difs move quite a bit. I'll start with Venezuela. Although production has been declining in Venezuela, our volumes have remained fairly constant versus our term contracts. We attribute this to the fact that although production is declining, refinery utilization is down in Venezuela and so it's kind of keeping exports available to us. On the crude dif side, we’ve seen some pretty good swings. Obviously, the Western Canadian market is very discounted. WCS and Hardisty this morning is $34 under Brent. And then I think some of the turnaround activity and cold weather in the Gulf has caused the medium sour market at least in the U.S. Gulf Coast a week in some with asking operating close to 580 off of Brent. So, seeing pretty good quality discounts. It doesn't seem to be quite keeping with either the Western Canadian or the medium sour values that we're seeing in the Gulf today. In terms of access, we have good pipeline access really for our Houston area refineries where we don't have as good access as to St. Charles. St. Charles has a lot of capability to process Canadian barrels but we don't have a good way to get it there. And so, we are starting some barge operations from our Hartford terminal where we’ll barge some heavy Canadian into St. Charles which will start in February.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so what we're really seeing is just that there's not the availability of locomotives in order to move the trains. So real wide arb and great economics to ship crude by rail, but you don't have the power to move the trains. Some of that is the trains have been in grain service and so we see some things that we think could open up some more movements of crude by rail. We're planning to ramp up our volumes through our Lucas terminal to Port Arthur, but so far, it’s been very limited.
Gary Simmons: Right. I mean, as Joe talked about in his opening comments, we’re still going to pay out the 40% to 50% as our target, and this increase in discretionary cash flow will just compete with the nondiscretionary.
Gary Simmons: So, we don't give guidance on that. We are utilizing our full capacity that we have available to us.
Gary Simmons: No, I see it the same way. I think any time you read something in the press on potential regulatory changes, you see people that are hoarding RINs, start dumping them in the market figuring that they may be hoarding RINs that aren't worth much in the future. 
Gary Simmons: Yeah, so I think for us you'll see the ramp-up in penetration into the wholesale market after the terminal comes on. And, yes, we are looking at a lot of different opportunities in Mexico and South America. And we don't really have anything to communicate on that at this time. 
Gary Simmons: Well, the way I feel, with diesel, we’ve have made big investments to make diesel. We’ve built two big hydrocrackers, if you remember. And we sort of – and that was the similar view. It was our NG. It was basically our gas to liquids viewpoint, cheap natural gas a function of shell play making diesel, which is really the world fuel. We’ve invested a lot of money in that area, and so we aren’t really – going forward, that’s not really what we’re focusing. We’re not focusing on trying to make more diesel unless it’s your construction.
Gary Simmons: Hey, Neil. This is Gary. The way we look at it is that with incremental production coming online in the Permian and in the Cushing region, you're beginning to push the logistics assets getting to the Gulf. And so, you're really looking at a spot or walk up tariff which, today, is $3.00 to $3.50 to get to the Gulf. And then a Cushing barrel, or a DSW barrel, when it gets to the Gulf generally has about $1.00 quality differential. So that moves you from this $3.00 to $4.00, $4.50 and then you have about another $0.50 to get it on the water. So, we kind of viewed it anywhere in this $4.50 to $5.00 range is kind of what we believe is a sustainable Brent TI spread.
Gary Simmons: Chi, this is Gary. I don't think we see anything that's significantly different in terms of Mexico or South America. One, we think it's going to take PMX longer to get the improvement in refinery utilization than the numbers that they're quoting but then you're also seeing good demand growth. So even if refinery utilization improves, we think that demand growth will outweigh that improvement refinery utilization and we'll still see strong export demand into those regions.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, I mean, we do think the legislation that would bring the blended tax credit out has just been called up and delayed in the government funding immigration situation. We do expect it to be passed retroactive for 2017 and extended through 2018. At the end of the day, it's just got caught up in all the Washington drama right now. We don't think it's going to get changed to a producer’s tax credit. That may be something that’s revisited going forward, but everybody involved seems to see with everything going on. They just need to try to keep the current wall and get that passed for these two years and look at talking about subsequently changing it on out into 2019. So, we think it's going to happen. It's just a question of when.
Lane Riggs: Valero is very, very well positioned for certainly IMO. We have a lot of coking capacity and a lot of resid destruction, so we have a lot of pre-investment for that regulation change. And, secondly on that point, the interesting thing about this regulation change is it’s trying to add grassroots capacity in this space of resid destruction. It’s very expensive. So, I think you’ll see the industry do what it can to debottleneck existing units in terms of laying out a lot of capital for the big grassroots unit. That’ll remain to be seen. But it is expensive as compared to some of the other profit units. And with respect to Tier 3, it’s in our strategic view. Tier 3 is going to destroy a lot of octane. Where we are versus the industry, we think we’re better positioned. We’re only going to -- we’re going to spend -- our total spend in this space is $470 million is where we think we are today. We’ve still got about $200 million in front of us. We’ve spent about – the rest of it is behind us still, but we feel like we’re in a really good position with respect to Tier 3 as well.
Lane Riggs: I’m sorry. So yes. So, I started there. I think absolutely, the fact that we are a heavy coking refinery and resid destruction. Like I said, we are very well positioned for. And that regulation is going to cost 3% to get very displaced in the world.
Lane Riggs: Paul, we put in place several years ago that capital allocation framework, and we’ve adhered to it. And I think perhaps the best forecaster for what we’re going to do going forward is our history. We’ll retain enough cash to be sure that we’ve got the liquidity in the business to do the things we want to do. And to the extent that we end up with surplus cash, I think it’s a fair bet that we’re not going to sit on it. So, again, I think history probably speaks well to what we would probably do going forward. We’ve been pretty consistent in that now for some time.
Lane Riggs: The Diamond Pipeline started up kind of late-ish November. We had a very good start-up, and the line has run extremely well since coming online. December was our first full month of operation, and in December you're really looking at in terms of the economic benefit is that spread between WTI and LLS. In December during our first month of operation, that spread was $5.33 a barrel. January, it remained wide. So, in January, that spread between WTI and LOS averaged $4.18 a barrel. So that kind of gives you an idea of the economic impact that Diamond is having on our system today. Line 9 similar with the wide Brent TIR. We're seeing very good economics through line 9 as well. So, I don't have exactly where that spread was in December and January, but on a prompt basis, line 9 barrel beats an alternative by about $1.20 a barrel. 
Lane Riggs: Okay. So, Brent, this is Lane. So, you hit up on the first part of it. We’re optimistic about the requirements in the industry to meet octane for gasoline, and it’s obviously two things are happening there. One is tier 3 is destroying octane. Two, the autos, their trajectory is to require more octane that helps them with their emissions compliance. The other part of that is we’re just, we have a view that NGLs are going to be long, and that’s all a function of the shell play that’s out there. You have all these export facilities, so even as a floor you’re going to have NGL exports to the world. That’s a little different position. So, at the end of the day, it really is sort of a butane to high octane gasoline spread that we’re bullish on. And we think both these projects fit into that strategic view.
Lane Riggs: Yes, so obviously we were big backers of Keystone XL and believe it’s a great project as it kind of brings that heavy Western Canadian oil to the high complexity U.S. Gulf Coast refining system, and direct access to our Port Arthur refinery, so we’re excited that that project’s moving forward, and it will certainly improve our access to the growing production in Western Canada.
Lane Riggs: All right. Peter. Well on the West Coast, I mean, there’s some synergies, but largely limited synergies I would say between the West Coast and the rest of the Valero system. That being said, it’s a good operation. We have good management and it is a great option on strong West Coast margins when we experience them. So, it’s part of our portfolio, it cash flows, and so we don’t have any interest to divest ourselves of it. Now, as far as DGD, Martin, do you want to…
Lane Riggs: Yes, on Diamond Green, we have a project underway to go from 160 million gallons a year to 275 million gallons a year. That will start up in the third quarter. We’ve also talked about a second expansion from 275 to 550. That final investment decision will be made in 2018 and it will stand on its own rights. We’ve looked at that as the JV, and we look at the cash that that throws off and decide what we’re going to do. So that’s how we’ll decide there.
Lane Riggs: Yeah, so I think, in terms of where we are relative to mid-cycle. When you start the year 30 million barrels below on distillate inventory, the distillate market looks very strong. And I think where we have been relative to mid-cycle, we've been below mid-cycle largely because the diesel cracks have been softer. I think you'll see significant strengthening in the diesel cracks, and you'll begin to pull above mid-cycle margins as we move through the year. 
Mike Ciskowski: Yes, Paul. This is Mike on that. How do we define that? Its net cash provided by operating activities on our cash flow statement, and then we back out the working capital impact.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, we have increased as we did just recently our dividend. So that will take up a bigger piece of our 40% to 50% of the target. Now, as our taxes is reduced through tax reform, this amount of available cash flow will increase, and it will -- we'll continue to evaluate that through our capital allocation process as Joe talked about. And it will compete with growth investments and M&A and cash returns.
Mike Ciskowski: Okay. Yeah, this is Mike. Tax reform does change the economics a little bit on the M&A. We would have the ability to deduct a purchase price of the PP&E in year one. And so, we are in the process of updating our analysis on various potential targets. 
Mike Ciskowski: Well, we absolutely are. We feel pretty good that all stakeholders are working out there to find the right viable solution for how to mitigate HF in that area. And we are working with the South Coast to get there. And we obviously, depending on how that all works out, we either will or won’t make the right investment, the total investment to meet that to comply. But we’re very optimistic that everybody involved will get to the right place.
Mike Ciskowski: I guess on the debt we're at 23 percent debt-to-cap which is the low end of our range. And so, we don't have a lot of maturities upcoming. None so far in 2018. And so, I guess I just really hadn't thought much about paying debt down at this time. 
Jason Fraser: Yeah, hi. This is Jason. Things have definitely heated up and received an increased focus here in the past few months, especially with the PDS situation. That dramatically showed how badly the RFS reform is needed. So, let's help shed some light on it. We also do have the two efforts going within the Senate now with Senator Cruz trying to get the Midwest senators to sit down and discuss a near term solution for higher RIN prices, and a solution that would also benefit all producers. We also have Senator Cloridon who has been working very hard and over a long period of time with stakeholders and other senators to try to come up with long-term legislative reform.  So, I didn't hear his comments, so I don't know about his specific Timeline, but there does seem to be more urgency and visibility and effort around this area in the past couple of months. So, we're more optimistic than we have been. Things are looking better. 
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. We're of course happy that Trump has reopened that midterm evaluation. The EPA I think is going to meet that April 1st deadline. The administrator is very firm on meeting these obligations. So, we think there is obligation to lay in it. We understand they've been having productive conversations with Memphis and California. Everyone would prefer to have one national program. All those certainly prefer that. And I think the EPA's trying to work with what they can. We did see -- it looked like the majority of the autos had used credits from past years to meet the EPA standard for 2016. So that tells you that this is something that definitely needs to be looked at, these ever-increasing numbers. If we're starting to have trouble at 2016, I believe the EPA said that they would have enough credits to keep themselves open until 2021. So, we're hoping this process will end with some levelling off of the standards as a reasonable number, but the market allows you to sell cars that people actually want and is sustainable.
Jason Fraser: That's right, Joe. The elections are coming up July 1. It is a big election in Mexico. The concern you see voiced most is about Mr. Lopez Obrador's views on energy reforms, the policies in favor of them. And we have always been told it's very, very hard to undo these now that they're in place. It's basically does change their constitution. And we think people - and there was a lot of short-term pain when this first started getting rolled out, but we are confident people will figure out this is really the best long-term interest of the Mexican economy that he's going to prevail.
Jason Fraser: I mean, you just evaluate your options against the other options and what benefit it brings to not only DLP but also to Valero Energy, so we'll continue to look at them. But I think Rich's point is we're looking at them, but we haven't made any commitments today.
Jason Fraser: Well, we don’t have any noncore assets. Okay? So that’s the first part of that. I would say you may see more M&A activity as a result of this, but we also talked earlier about bid-ask spreads being very high. I would suspect that it wouldn’t take long for a seller to figure out that he could extract a premium, based on everyone’s new situation under tax reform. And so, the prices will adjust. So, we can probably work ourselves into a thesis that said there’s going to be a lot more activity, but buyers and sellers are both aware of the same facts, and so I don’t know that a whole lot’s going to change at the end of the day.
