Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We're pleased to report that we had good operating performance in the second quarter despite having major turnarounds at our Houston, Memphis and Benicia refineries. We ran reliably during the quarter with very limited unplanned downtime. Gasoline cracks improved significantly in the second quarter relative to the first quarter in all regions boosting refining margins. However, the supplies of medium and heavy sour crude oils remained limited due to continued Venezuelan and Iranian sanctions and OPEC production curtailments resulting in narrower crude discounts for those grades relative to Brent crude oil. As a result, we optimized our system with additional domestic light sweet, Canadian heavy and Latin American crude oils. In fact, we set another record for Canadian heavy crude oil runs this quarter with over 190,000 barrels per day. Turning to our renewable segments, the ethanol business generated positive operating income, despite a weak margin environment. And our growing renewable diesel business continues to generate strong results due to the high demand for renewable diesel. We continue to deliver on our commitment to grow Valero's earnings capability through organic growth investments. We successfully completed the Houston alkylation unit project in the second quarter as scheduled and on budget. This project is now allowing us to upgrade low-cost and abundant natural gas liquids and refinery olefins to produce a premium alkylate product. And we continue to make progress on the Central Texas pipelines and terminals project, which remains on track to be fully operational in the third quarter of this year. Looking at organic growth beyond this year, we have a steady pipeline of projects to enhance the margin profitability of our portfolio. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit and Pembroke cogeneration unit are expected to be completed in 2020. And the Diamond Green Diesel expansion and Port Arthur Coker are expected to be completed in late 2021 and 2022, respectively. Our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged with an annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 at approximately $2.5 billion with growth capital targeting projects with high returns that are focused on operating cost control, market expansion and margin improvement. With respect to cash returns to stockholders, we continue to target an annual payout ratio of 40% to 50%. In the second quarter, we paid out $588 million to stockholders bringing the year-to-date total payout ratio to 50% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. Looking ahead, we're optimistic for the balance of the year with fundamentals supporting continued, healthy product demand. Vehicle miles traveled continues to increase year-over-year, and we expect positive market impacts from the IMO 2020 implementation as bunker fuel terminals transition to lower-sulfur fuel oil. With our high complexity refineries, we believe that we're well-positioned to take advantage of the expected wider differentials for heavy crude oils and higher product cracks. Lastly, we remain committed to disciplined growth and to delivering long-term value to our stockholders through exceptional and environmentally responsible operations. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joseph Gorder: I think that's -- Doug, our position on that, when we're going to expand our saturation gas plant at Port Arthur as a part of the coker project. So, in 2022, we'll also have an increased capability to run light sweet.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, they were using credits. And to the extent you could use credits, you defer the capital, but now we're getting to the point where the rubber meets the road, and it's going to be a lot of makeup activity or we are going to see this spread continue to expand.
Joseph Gorder: Two things I would add to what Martin said. First of all, the industry is just overproduced for what it is today. That's the fundamental problem here. So, what have we done? Well, we have ramped up exports as an industry, and that's where tariffs become a factor in these things. And it takes a while in the developed markets, but we have been, Valero has been very aggressive in exporting ethanol and we'll continue to be aggressive going forward. The other thing, and Jason spoke to this earlier, was the whole E15 issue. The ethanol industry broadly has this notion allowing E15, which as we said will be challenged, is going to solve some of this problem. Frankly, I think the solution to this problem is a higher octane fuel that helps with CAFE, and it could be a nationwide standard like 95 RON. It would require more ethanol to be blended into the fuel mix. It would take all the arguments out of what types of fuel we're going to produce in market broadly. And if we could just get everybody synced up. This is one of the things where amazingly, the autos are on board, the retail marketers are on board, refiners are okay with this. And in the ethanol industry, we've seen that this was a good solution to this problem that we're facing. Perhaps we could make some progress, but there is a genuine distrust, and we're going to have to get over that. But we will continue to bash away on this, because I agree with Martin. Ethanol is going to be part of the fuel mix for a very long time, and it will recover.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. It's not that unusual to find ourselves in this situation. I mean, and things will move a little bit within this. Sometimes we're slightly below, sometimes we're above, but I mean, the $2.5 billion number is just kind of our nominal expectation what we're going to spend. And again, you kind of do it as you have to, so.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. I agree with Gary completely. And then if you look at the new plant that they have in mind, obviously, the capital cost is going to be much higher than they had originally forecasted. If you are a country and you want to do something as a matter of national pride, and economic returns aren't the primary driver to the investment, then something like that probably makes sense. But certainly, the most efficient way for Mexico to supply its shorts is from the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yes. Manav, so I guess I'll answer the question on the formula first. Our discussions with PMI would indicate that they will change the formula in the coming weeks. So, we do expect a change in the formula. However, we do hold to your view on where heavy sour discounts are going. If you look at where Maya is today and the backwardation in the high sulfur fuel oil market, it would tell you around a $3 discount from where heavy sour discounts are today. And then if you look at the Western Canadian Select quote in the Gulf, even today, Western Canadian Select is discounted 15% to Brent, which is a good discount, even if you compare it to domestic light sweet alternatives such as MEH. Western Canadian Select is trading at 11% discount to MEH. The forward market on the Canadian side, at least there's trade being done in the fourth quarter already, and you're seeing Western Canadian Select discount at around $2.50 in the fourth quarter already. So that's pretty close to the $3 number that you were looking at.
Gary Simmons: Yes, pretty much. And we've had discussions and would concur with that view that the rail volume will be ramping up and had a lot of discussions with producers. And we take that into our Port Arthur refinery, and it pretty much is a direct replacement for Maya.
Gary Simmons: Doug, this is Gary again. So, we certainly are maximizing light sweet into the system. In the second quarter, we used about 89% of our available capacity, and really, what was left on the table was primarily due to turnaround activity. As we move forward, we expect to utilize all of that. As the gravity gets lighter, we are seeing this WTL "coming out," which is a lighter grade of WTI. We started running some of that in Three Rivers. I think in the second quarter, we ran 5,000 to 10,000 barrels a day of that, and we've also purchased some for future runs at Memphis. I think we're scheduled to run about 40,000 barrels a day of WTL in Memphis in September. So, we're certainly moving in that direction and watching the spreads, and the discount is there. We have a lot of flexibility being able to take it into our system.
Gary Simmons: It is pretty much within the constraints of the system. However, the new toppers we built at Corpus and Houston give us a lot more flexibility in this area.
Gary Simmons: No, I think you are seeing people start to turn tanks, and that's one of the reasons you see high sulfur fuel oil strength, is it's just a not a very liquid market today and ships are having trouble actually buying high sulfur fuel oil, which is bidding that market up today, so you see the steep backwardation as we approach that January time line. And I agree with Joe, all the estimates I still see show a fairly significant step change in diesel demand when the IMO bunker spec changes, and it's not reflected in the forward curve today.
Gary Simmons: Yes. We have a lot of flexibility to run the heavy Canadian. We're primarily advantaged to run it at our Texas City and Port Arthur refinery just because we have the best logistics to be able to get into those two assets. Between those two refineries, probably a capacity about 300,000 barrels a day today to process it. We can run about 50,000 a day at St. Charles, and we could run some at Corpus Christi as well, but again, the logistics of getting that in are more challenged. On the rail side, we continue to work with producers, and we're doing deals on a delivered basis, whereas in the past we were buying barrels in Western Canada and shipping them ourselves, and that volume will continue to ramp up as we get those deals done.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, we don't make much oil in our system, and we pretty much keep our coking capacity full. We are providing some flexibility with the Port Arthur coking project to take some fuel oil we produce at Meraux and potentially run it in the Port Arthur Coker when it's expanded.
Gary Simmons: I think exactly. It's really more of a function of the crude diet and then the other factors. A lot of the U.S. Gulf Coast naphtha was going to Venezuela and diluent. And so certainly, as that has shut off, it's caused naphtha to get weaker.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think that's a lot of what you see today, is as people have pushed a lot more the light sweet, they're getting loaded up on the top end of their distillation column and some of these medium sweets allow them to push rate as long as the crack spreads are strong.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Phil, our focus here is really to have been -- get connected to all the lines that make their way to Corpus, and we made a lot of progress there. So, we can receive pretty much all of the lines that are coming in. And then we've also doing some dock work at Corpus to where we can export more to Québec and Pembroke and that work will be finished in the fourth quarter as well, which will give us more control on that supply chain on exports into our system. I really can't comment too much on it. I guess what you're kind of asking more about is, is there enough dock capacity to clear the oil? And I don't know that I have a lot of insight whether that's the case or not.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Phil, it's just all a matter of price. We have plenty of capacity to be able to process the barrel. Historically, we've seen a lot of the light material that makes its way to the Gulf price such that we don't have an economic incentive to run it, and it goes to the export market. Some of the WTL that's been making its way to Corpus has been pricing at $1.25 type discount to MEH. And so, we've seen some incentive to buy it. And if that's the case, we certainly have a lot of capacity to run it, but it will depend on how its prices.
Gary Simmons: Well, that's a good question. We've seen some imports, but I can't tell you exactly where that's coming from. Historically, India excesses alkylate, and we see some trade flow of barrels from India coming over. The other thing you see today is that either toluene and xylene is using as a gasoline blend component, with where its prices, you have an incentive to blend naphtha with toluene to make gasoline. So that's another source of octane.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, Paul, we've been working very hard to develop low sulfur fuel oil blends. We work with several shipping companies. We currently have, I think, three shipping companies burning our low sulfur fuel oil blend. So, we've been working hard to be able to produce compliant fuel.
Gary Simmons: Yes. That's exactly right, Paul. So, what we're looking at is some of these low sulfur heavy streams that we typically run through to tack crackers, taking some of those barrels out and being able to blend compliant low sulfur fuel oil with those rather than taking a high sulfur fuel oil stream.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So obviously it's going to tighten the market there, 350,000 barrel a day refinery. That refinery produced a lot of premium gasoline, 35,000 barrels a day of premium gasoline, and our strategy in that region has been able to supply the market primarily from Pembroke. And so, we have good logistics assets in place to be able to take advantage of that short. And Pembroke is a refinery that has a lot of capability to produce octane, and so that's primarily what we're working on today.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. I think our view is, if you look at the DOE stats for the last couple of weeks, it looks like demand has been down. But our view is that demand will be revised back upward and that you'll see actually net exports fall off. And a lot of that is the reason that you pointed to. After the fire and announced closure, you had a $0.03 a gallon open ARB to ship gasoline from Northwest Europe to New York Harbor. And so, its incentivized imports there. PADD 5 we saw imports even after the refinery utilization came back. And then in the U.S. Gulf Coast, with the octane strength, we're seeing some import of components into the U.S. Gulf Coast as well. And so, demand is good, but the net exports, mainly due to imports being down, is kind of what's caused the build that we've seen the last couple weeks. And it does look like that the market is cooling off some, and you're already seeing signs that that's reversing, especially in PADD 5. We've gone from seeing imports to it looks like a couple refiners are putting export cargos together, and you're seeing barrels from California flow into the Arizona market to help clear that as well. So, I do think it's a trend you'll see reverse.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think the combination of the things Lane talked about with Tier 3 gasoline destroying some octane and then globally, refiners running a very light diet and excessing naphtha and trying to fit naphtha back into the pool has caused octane to be very tight globally.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, we currently are exporting about -- that we sell ourself about 30,000 barrels a day direct sales into Mexico. That will continue to ramp up. We're building our marine terminal in Veracruz and have a strategy in the North as well. For Mexico to do much on revamping their refining system, it involves a lot. It's not just the refineries, but it's also a lot of logistics and able to get logistics that were meant to move crude out, now to move crude in. So, it's going to be a long time coming before they can do much in terms of revamping their refining system.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I don't know that -- it's all a matter of economics of where alkylate trades. So, we have flexibility where we can sell alkylate direct. The additional alkylate in the pool allows us to make more RBOB versus CBOB. And it also allows us to make a lot more export grades that are required in some of the Latin American markets. So, it will be all a matter of price of what path we choose to go, but we have flexibility to do any of those things.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. So, we've always had a strategic outlook that octane was going to get more valuable as Tier 3 matured and finally came to us ahead here at the end of the year and combined that with sort of cheap NGLs. That was the reason we did these projects and they're coming online at exactly the right time. You were definitely seeing -- we believe we're seeing octane get more and more expensive. In terms of where the industry is on a Tier 3 compliance, we're trying to -- we're looking at that ourselves. But if you look at us as a proxy for that, we still have three units that have to come online by the end of the year. So, there's still some more octane disruption in the industry ahead of us.
Lane Riggs: Benny, this is Lane. And for Prashant, I'm sorry, a while ago, I called you Benny. So -- and the Gulf Coast is a good proxy for what -- in terms of capture rate, we're down about 20% year-over-year. About 10% to maybe 12% of that is crude differentials, some of it's ours, some of it's just quality. But the remaining 7% to 8% is non-gasoline products. Everybody sort of talks about naphtha and how cheap it is, but the other products that are also discounted year-over-year are propylene and propane. So, you can sort of come to your own conclusion about what direction propylene is going to, and obviously propane, NGLs are just getting cheaper and cheaper or follow the oil shale. We're still optimistic that -- and the rest of it's -- we're optimistic that, as Gary alluded to, that IMO 2020 will help improve the medium and heavy sour discounts in terms of where naphtha is going and propylene is going. I mean, they are probably structurally pretty weak for at least some period of time here. And then on the Line 9 or Atlantic, really what you're seeing on the North Atlantic capture rate is our continued advantaged position on our Line 9 crudes.
Lane Riggs: To Gary's point, what you'll actually see -- so we plan to be full at both coker and like he said, we don't make much fuel oils in the system. But what it does do is it competes, just like some of the long resid today that competes for crude capacity, and that we do believe you're going to see more and more of that, as some of these blending components that run 3.5% to 8% fuel oil will ultimately have to probably get ran through crude units and compete with other medium and heavy sour crude. That's obviously why we feel pretty good about the cost of feedstock from here going into next year as a result of IMO 2020.
Lane Riggs: Not really. I mean, we did have the turnarounds and so have to go back. And if anything, we would have run more crude and had more naphtha. And our reformers were full. Right now, one of the most economic units in addition to alky is our reformer. And so, we would have had our reformer signaled full. So, I'd have to go look and see what the balance was on naphtha, but we weren't -- directionally, it's just we make the -- we have a position on naphtha, and it goes if we get longer, is we run more and more light sweet crude.
Lane Riggs: Gary and I will tag-team this. I think a lot of those crudes are either from Angola or Brazil. And they have -- it's going to be interesting to see how they fit in the IMO 2020 universe. I mean, there's some belief that you can burn directly. I mean, I'm not sure that's the highest value for them necessarily, but -- and there is some substitution effect as you're seeing some of these heavy sour crudes come off, they -- these are substitute crudes for coking refineries. And so, they've certainly gotten the word that's not necessarily the best grade. But if you look at the things they have is they don't have a lot of naphtha in them. So, I mean, it's the world just sort of resorting out that quality.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So, Roger, what I would say is we did have the FCC down in Houston -- the whole FCC Houston alky complex was down from -- a big chunk of the quarter, so consequently, our gasoline production was off. In terms of naphtha, we are -- again, with the signal's been max reformer the whole time. So, as you increment into the light sweet, it leads to us, and I believe the industry is in the same spot, as you run more and more light sweet, more of it has to be exported, and ultimately, it clears in the Far East. And so, it doesn't go in the gasoline. Now there will be, and I'm sure part of what's happening right now with this Tier 3 is saturating the gasoline and lowering octane and there's just an abundance of naphtha, everybody is trying to figure out a way to get naphtha back into the gasoline pool. But you need octane to do that. And right now, the industry is trying to get that -- figure out that balance as again, as Tier 3 is getting acclimated.
Lane Riggs: To Gary's point, the issue you have around that, at some point on the reformulated gasoline fuels, you'll read a toxic limit. That's where alkylate is really important. It allows you -- as you get more alkylate in the pool, it allows you to incrementally raise the amount of aromatics in the gasoline as well. But yes.
Lane Riggs: Paul, this is Lane. The two places that we're doing that really are Pembroke and Québec, and we really don't start with a high sulfur resid. We start with something that's maybe a moderate sulfur and it depends on the crude economics, and then we start blending it up.
Lane Riggs: I don't know that we have a macro view of that. But we've sort of talked all along about this idea that VGO at some point will have to maintain its parity into an FCC or the gasoline and obviously, back to this low sulfur fuel oil market. And therefore, it's supportive of gasoline, to your point earlier. It will essentially cause -- it's a linkage between FCC economics and then just straight up low sulfur fuel oil into the bunker market, which is going to be connected with diesel. So, I think a lot of people thought they'd be disconnected, but they're not. It's really through the VGO. But in terms of how much, there are compatibility issues. There's all sorts of things around this that everybody is working on, and we'll just have to see how much of it -- how much you can get into the blends.
Lane Riggs: It's primarily power generation that's for the other -- and we don’t know the market depth of that or how much can be absorbed. I think it all depends on OPEC and how much it produces and how much substitution they can do. Instead of where they were burning crude, they can burn some of these high sulfur fuel oil. Our belief is that it's still long. Particularly once OPEC starts recovering in their production, that's why we're not -- we feel good about our assets in light of this problem that you're talking about.
Lane Riggs: I think everybody is on a learning curve on that. We've been doing it a long time. We run a lot of resids. So, we have a pretty good understanding. The issue you get into is you've got to find a way to run it and maintain your defaulter operation that's heavier, it doesn't have the light stuff, so you don't get good mixing. And there is other challenges. It depends on the configuration of the refinery. And I'm sure as it gets distressed in the marketplace, there will be a lot of -- there will be -- everybody will try to accelerate and figure out how much they can run.
Lane Riggs: It's both. This is Lane. It's both of those. We've had a pretty heavy turnaround period, and we don't have nearly as much turnaround activity for the rest of the year. And then two, you're just not as productive those last 2 or 3 months of the year because of all the holidays. So, it's really a combination of that.
Lane Riggs: Well, and to that point, I mean, when we had the tube leak at Benicia, that was the turnaround that we had planned in the first quarter of 2020, that we had to bring into this year. So, we had to bring on a number -- $80 million or $90 million of turnaround spend from one year to the next. And so, some things like that can happen.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane. We don't really give -- we just give the ranges. We don't really give sort of any sort of maintenance guidance really. So as long as we did that, we don't normally give that kind of guidance. We just -- the bottom line is they are what they are.
