Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thank you, Trish, and good morning, and welcome to our earnings call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Joe Gorder, Chief Operating Officer; Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and several other members of our senior management team. If you have not received an earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also, attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley M. Smith: Great. Thanks, Mike. In modeling our third quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.43 million to 1.47 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 430,000 to 440,000 barrels per day; West Coast at 265,000 to 275,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 430,000 to 450,000 barrels per day. Refining cash operating expenses in the third quarter are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel. Regarding our ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including the $0.04 per gallon for noncash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the third quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $175 million, and net interest expense should be around $70 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense in the third quarter should be around $395 million. Our effective tax rate in the third quarter should be approximately 37%. Trish, that concludes our opening remarks. We will now open the call for questions.
Ashley M. Smith: Paul, it's Ashley. Just 2 things. First of all, if you want any more of the balance sheet items, that's now on Page 5 of our earnings release tables.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Trish. And thank you, investors and analysts for listening and if have any questions, just contact Valero's Investor Relations department.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So fellows, the -- my question, I guess, is on the step-up that you're expecting on free cash flow. Your dividend, even with the increases, is -- if I'm not mistaken, is somewhere around $400 million a year. It's fairly -- it's still fairly small. So I guess I'm trying to understand what is the priority for the use of cash? And then answering that should give us an idea of what you think the right debt-to-cap level is for the -- for this portfolio at this point.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: I think I actually got cut off earlier, Bill, I apologize for -- I was talking to myself there for a couple of minutes. Nothing unusual there. So my couple of follows-ups were basically, can you walk us through the timing of the -- or how you would expect to take the cash tax benefit of the mechanical completion credit that you'll get for the 2 projects? And then I do have a follow-up before I get cut off again.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Okay, great. And my final one, then, is I wanted to go back to Robert's question about LLS discounts, potentially versus Brent. In terms of your optionality of being able to run medium and heavy and sour crude in the Gulf, how would you expect, if you, let's say, you did increase your LLS runs, or your light sweet crude runs, domestically more than perhaps your coker limitations would dictate, how would you expect the pricing of medium and heavy sour to move? And what I'm kind of getting at is that our thinking is if LLS moves, that probably benefits your medium and heavy feedstock as well. I'm just trying to get some color as to whether that's the right way to think about this or not.
William R. Klesse: Doug, this is Klesse. Our use of cash, as we're generating more cash and next year, we clearly expect to be generating more cash, is first, we're going to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. Second, we're going to hold a little more cash than historically as we have it just because of the volatility in our business. You watch the screens, you know how much things move, so we just think we need to hold some more cash. And then we've been very clear, we're going to return additional cash to the shareholder. And having said that, on the last 1.5 years, we've paid off about $1.5 billion of debt. And next year, we have $460 million or so of debt that becomes due, and our plan will be to pay that off as well. So I think we're demonstrating of returning cash to the shareholders with the previous things I just said. And you asked, well, what is the proper or our target debt to cap, and I'm just going to tell you, we're going to maintain the investment credit -- investment-grade credit rating and maybe our debt to cap just goes a little lower. And today, it's 25%, I think.
William R. Klesse: I think you have -- this is Klesse. First off, we need to establish, we have about $500 million of EBITDA from this business and Mike can walk you through that. You have to consider some overheads. And we have the split between Canada and the U.S., so we have certain tax issues in each jurisdiction. That's why we're very carefully saying we're going to work a tax-efficient distribution. However, and I know on this phone call, we have a refining analyst, but if you'll look at the freestanding retail companies, certainly Couche-Tard and Casey's, you'll see that their multiple is up around 10, and today our EBITDA multiple is around 3.7 or a little less than 4. So if we -- and let's stop and look at our retail business. We're very well run, we're excellent financial performers, they've had very good returns, we're extremely well located, with nearly 2/3 of the units access, in the U.S. And in Canada, we have an excellent market share in Québec. We own a lot of units. They're not leased. And if you look at our data, which we'll provide, you'll see that many of our units are owned. So the whole business is an extremely solid business. So then it's your job to, okay, what is the correct EBITDA ratio for this business, and I'll tell you, we're up there with the very best, if we're not the best. And so the number becomes large. So that's why we've been very clear about tax efficient's been, however, all options are on the table.
William R. Klesse: Ethanol stays with Valero. We're really a wholesale provider, a plant operator producing ethanol. Retailer is the marketing business.
William R. Klesse: Okay. So on the variable MLP, of course, we've looked at it. We watched what happened to one of the other refining companies, and we're open to increasing long-term shareholder value. On the other hand, having said that, we saw how this traded and we don't really think, and I don't know what it is today, that a 19% yield is really providing the value to the shareholders. So in the sense of values all around, what the assets worth and then the return. So I think it remains to be seen whether that's really something that's in our shareholders' interests. And then on acquisition, we look at assets that are in the market. But today, there's really nothing happening. And we have confidentiality agreements, obviously.
William R. Klesse: So Robert, on the repair costs of Meraux, about $10 million. We're going to start some of the units up here in the next week or so, but the full plan won't be up, like Mike said, until probably the end of the month. And then -- so coking margins, I've given in the sense into a sunk coker, I believe that you can get somewhere down in 8% to 9% -- somewhere not much lower than 8%, I think, you agree? And know a sunk coker. But then what we've done in the past and some of the people on the call will remember, as other companies did, when coking margins came under pressure several years ago, we started to produce more fuel oil [ph]. It was more economic to make fuel oil [ph] and cut back on coking. And so I'm sure that if such a situation happened, you would see us start to spare cokers, just like our competitors would, putting as much light into the units as we can and optimizing it daily, but it's sunk coker. I've been very clear in my opinion that after [indiscernible] of this plan, you're not going to see grassroots coking built on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Something's going to happen to dramatically change. And yes, we do subscribe to the fact that we do believe LLS is going to sell us the Brent and we're saying, I guess, that pretty well next year, you're going to push out all the light sweet crude out of the U.S. Gulf Coast.
William R. Klesse: Well, I see your point. So you still have some light sweet imports into the East Coast, but on the Gulf Coast, I think it will just be mediums and heavies, and it's where you draw the line. And I think you're still going to see the freight advantage, at least, of $2 or $3 versus Brent. And -- but that's why this whole conversation is the reason that Valero is very supportive of bringing Canadian heavy sour crude oil to the U.S. Gulf Coast. Then I think it'll price where you can still put it into a SUN coke.
William R. Klesse: Oh, it would be 8% of the price of oil. I was trying to put it in terms -- because it moves around on us and it does -- it is dependent because of the liquid volume loss as to the absolute price of oil. So yes, 8%, I'm saying of the price of -- $100, you need at least -- be at least at $92, I guess. Now it's into a sunk coker, and you're not making much money there.
William R. Klesse: Well, this is the company-operated retail that we're talking about in the United States. And in Canada, it's our company-operated retail, but we have a little different business model in Canada. We actually manage the street price even where we have our agents. But also in this segment, includes our home heat business that's in Canada and our cardlock business. But we have, on top of that, a wholesale marketing business. So this, if you add this up, it's 1,027 units in the States and 775 units in Canada. But in addition to that, we have 4,000 branded Valero outlets, and we will still run a branded, wholesale business. So if you think of Valero then after the spin of our retail company or separation, whatever transpires, Valero's really going be a refining and wholesale marketing company with some petrochemical feedstock production, ethanol production, power generation, hydrogen and associated logistics, so we're just a manufacturing company with a wholesale marketing business. So we're still vertically integrated. We just don't have in the States, about 120,000 barrels a day of our production that's actually going through the hose. And then we're not going to be selling twinkies and beer and cigarettes. We're going to leave that to the retail group.
William R. Klesse: Yes, and we actually did a little of this last year, where we cooked the stuff that was -- some of the debt that was economic for us to take off the market, we did.
William R. Klesse: Well, we do think they're sustainable in this sense. Now they move seasonally and every other factor that I spoke about and volatility in our business. But our business, whether it's Valero or any of our competitor, anybody in the refining business, exports are a key part of the future for the U.S. refining industry, and there is -- from the U.S. Gulf Coast and we're very competitive. You have personnel that has terrific skill sets and very productive. And then we have low-cost natural gas and we're going to have a crude advantage, that's beginning to materialize significantly. So there's no question if you're a Mid-Continent refiner, you're making a lot of money and that's good and we benefit from that at a couple of our plants. But we believe that you can compete in the world market and certainly in the Atlantic Basin even by coming out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. And so -- but exports are a key part of it and they're allowing our whole industry to operate at a higher operating rate. Domestic demand, as you properly stated, is not very strong command and that reflects a very slow economy, even though it's growing and very high unemployment. Companies like Valero, over 80% of our output is fuels. And if people aren't working, you just aren't consuming the fuels.
William R. Klesse: And that's -- it moves up and down a little bit around there, but around 500 million a year. And catalysts costs have come down some this year.
William R. Klesse: Well, in Aruba, the only inventory, really, out there now is for our other businesses, where we're taking advantage of [indiscernible]. So we don't have any inventory per se associated with the refinery, except that we do provide fuel oil to the utility and we also provide gasoline and diesel to the island, so -- which is part of our marketing distribution effort there. But basically, we have no inventory there that's in support of refining per se. And then as far as Aruba, we're still working the transaction. We did disclose most of the information in -- I guess it was last quarter's 10-Q.
William R. Klesse: And we're still working the transaction and the government of Aruba is extremely supportive. And we'll see how it turns out.
William R. Klesse: Well, you're not reading anything wrong. I have said the St. Charles hydrocracker would be finished by the end of the year, and we'd get it up in the first quarter. But now we are going to say it's the second quarter, we'll get it up. So to be -- this would be my schedule, and to be honest, some of my people will say that this was my schedule, not theirs. But I would tell you, we have slipped a month or 2 on both projects. However, these are big projects for Valero, each $1.5 billion plus there's some other stuff around it. Our people are doing a terrific job. If you can imagine the miles of cabling, this is what we're really finishing up at Port Arthur, is miles of cabling, and people are doing terrific. And we just are going to be a month or 2 later.
William R. Klesse: There is no question that we had a capital budget raise really in the U.S. of about $80 million, and in Canada, it was around $30 million. We have all the detail that they have both of those businesses have thrown off cash to the parent. And so clearly, as standalone businesses, they will be able to execute a strategy that the management feels is appropriate.
William R. Klesse: So it's a global market business and what happens is the exports tend to pull from domestic supplies. So it's only when pricing is actually better than the domestic market that we tend to export, and it's all driven on economics. And then the fellows here are telling me that to Roger's question earlier, where we -- I said 120,000 barrels a day in the U.S., but remember, our plan is that this will be a branded job for us and we'll still supply from the refining group to the retail group. I thought it was obvious, but the guys here are saying it's not. So we'll still sell from refining to a freestanding retail business.
William R. Klesse: Yes, there is. At Meraux, what we intend to do is install another reactor and we will convert some of the process units so that we can make more distillate. So if you look at Valero's system, today, we make 33%, 34% distillate. Obviously, the margins are in distillate. Distillate is growing in the world much more rapidly than gasoline. And with our 2 big hydrocrackers that get finished this year, we'll be up to 39%, 40% distillate yield. Actually, one of the highest in the industry in the U.S. And then we have this project we're working on, Meraux, which will take us another 1.5 years to 2 years to complete. Installing this reactor, that will allow us there to make a much higher distillate yield. And so you will see that refinery produce distillates as opposed to gasoline in the long run. And then we'll integrate the gas oils between the 2 facilities. We have an [indiscernible] plant there that we might have some integration opportunities with all the butanes we're seeing coming into the market. So there's a lot of opportunity on the U.S. Gulf Coast for all of our plants to work together and we optimize it as a system as best we can.
William R. Klesse: Okay, I'm not sure we're going to know that, RINs are at $0.04, so that doesn't necessarily imply that there's an excess of RINs. I'm going to say -- but I know this is an issue for everybody on the call. Yes, we're in the ethanol business, but there's 8000 barrels a day of ethanol going into the gasoline pool. So by the mandate, you took market share from refiners and gave it to farmers. Now -- but to eliminate that is extremely difficult, and we've had almost $8 corn, I think, a couple of years ago. But remember, ethanol has high octane. Under the EPA rules, we get a 1-pound waiver. So we have tankage, system limitations, CARBOBs, RBOB, CBOB, this is a far more complicated conversation than having the hog farmers in Washington asking for a release.
William R. Klesse: Well, we're -- so on the U.S. Gulf Coast, where we tend to be a heavier refiner, now Three Rivers is relatively light, Houston is light, Memphis runs are basically Gulf Coast light barrels. So really, for us Texas City, Port Arthur, St. Charles, and even Meraux, we are looking at obviously being able or having the capability to run a higher percentage of lighter oils. And our people are working on these, and -- but the issue in our business is if it's deemed that we need a permit, permitting is very long now. And if it has to have a CO2 permit, it's even longer. So -- but we are working on all this, I'm sure just like every one of our competitors.
William R. Klesse: Well, right now, there is not a shortage of ethanol. But plants are cutting back. We, as Mike said, have shut down 2 plants, we've cut back the others. We're probably running at 50%. If you look at the numbers, it was about 19 million barrels of ethanol. It's dropping rapidly. So you want to know how I think it plays out? So this is how I think it plays out: I think ethanol price is going to go higher here relative to gasoline. And because obviously, today, we're losing money in ethanol.
William R. Klesse: That is a valid question. About 93% or so of all the gasoline sold in the country has ethanol in it and we're going to hit the blind wall here, gasoline volume is down, RINs are at $0.04. I don't know if I can answer you.
William R. Klesse: I really don't. I've said in the past that we have looked at it and we have a confidentiality agreement, but the thing is still on the market.
William R. Klesse: Because I think some of this -- longer term, you're going to see supply come from the Middle East into the Med. And demand, obviously, if you -- I know you look at all this stuff, look at the Italian demand and some of the Greek demand numbers are -- so I mean they're just very, very long refining. So you have a very long refining situation on top of some competition coming from the Middle East.
William R. Klesse: In this -- so I would like to hope that Europe does eventually recover, but I can't argue that it might. So I would say it does come down. And when Joe spoke, our gasoline exports go to Latin America and about half of our distillate exports go to Latin America.
William R. Klesse: Okay. So on the first question, we don't see any reason at all why there would be any concern about our rating, but we want to be investment-grade. I'm just going to leave it at that. And then -- and we'll work with the rating agencies if they have any issue. But I gave some other data points for how much we paid off here [ph], our coverage ratios and everything looked very, very good. And then on the -- on the second question, it was...
William R. Klesse: Yes, the priorities are kind of -- in this spin sale, we want to do a tax-efficient spin. We are working on shareholder value, as you would expect us, so we want to maximize our shareholder value. And so it's a point of being tax-efficient and generating shareholder value.
William R. Klesse: Okay. On the timing of those benefits, we're estimating the benefit of $650 million to $700 million. The timing would be spread out over the next 4 to 5 quarters, and a lot of that depends on, obviously, the profitability of the company over the next 1.5 years. So I'm just going to say, probably over the next 4 quarters, we'll receive all that benefit.
William R. Klesse: I would add that, so what happens then is LLS is discounting the Brent, then you're going to have these other crudes discounting and that this -- but it's on the world market, which is pricing against Brent, so the freight becomes the factor. And we know that some Venezuelan crude and Mexican crudes have been moving to China and other places and Venezuelan crudes moved to China, so you wind up with a freight being the flywheel in there, and of course, available tankers. But -- so there'll be a limit for how wide that spread goes then relative to freight. And that's why, I think, we see LLS at a couple of bucks, which is really the freight that tends to be the driver here.
William R. Klesse: Yes, I think that is right, and that's why we say the U.S. refining industry, it's not necessarily Valero, is in a very competitive situation in the world. And that's why going back to several of the other questions, we believe that the U.S. refining industry can be competitive in the export markets when we face the domestic demand that is challenging. So it applies to Valero, but it's applying to our industry.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. The working capital, total current assets are $14 billion, total current liabilities is $10.8 billion and then our inventory above the book value is $6.5 billion.
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, there's not really any debt that we have that would make sense to try to prepay it or bring it in early or call it.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Typically, retail spends about $130 million in CapEx for the whole segment, so that would be U.S. and Canada.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. We are still evaluating the leverage and how much leverage to place on that. I mean it'll be comparable to the other C store companies in that segment. As far as timing, around 6 months, we could probably do the spinoff. We've got a lot of work to do yet with our SEC filing and we need a private letter ruling, so let's just say around 6 months.
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, but we're finding ways. Our capacity, we actually had -- we said that's what we were running. The 200,000 was not our capacity last quarter. That's actually what we were running. But we're going to continue to close that gap. And this is based on economic availability and then economics. If the discount's large enough, then you can get enough of it. You'll -- it'll make sense versus some marginal medium sour, but these are the economics that we're working with and we'll just continue to increase that.
Joseph W. Gorder: Sure. Jeff, this is Joe. Jeff, in the second quarter, we exported about 165,000 barrels a day of diesel, primarily to Latin America and Europe, with really the bulk of it going to Europe. And the reason that, that number moves around, really, from month to month has more to do with the economics of the [indiscernible] than our ability to do it. We saw diesel strength adhere domestically, we kept it at home. When the arms [ph] to Europe or to Latin America, we go ahead and put it on the water and move it out. Gasoline exports in the quarter were 75,000 barrels a day. The bulk of that goes to Mexico, and then also into Latin America. And we're seeing continued strong demand for both as we go forward. And there's a host of reasons not much has changed in the market which would lead us to believe that those exports weren't going to be there going forward. As far as capacity, we would estimate that our capacities for gasoline are 250,000 barrels a day, give or take. And on the diesel, 275,000 to 300,000 barrels a day. And we continue to look at logistics projects. The team has been very active in assuring that we were going to have continued access to export markets and the logistics wouldn't be an issue. And there's some projects that have been identified, but nothing significant.
Joseph W. Gorder: Sure. In the second quarter, we ran just over 140,000 barrels a day of Eagle Ford crude. Of course the bulk of that was at Three rivers, and then down at Corpus Christi. One of the interesting things is, is that we're running a lot more Bakken now. We're running about 130,000 barrels a day at Bakken, and a lot of that is going out into the Memphis refinery.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, well, and Paul, there's one thing that you can take into consideration. We carry forward 20% of the RINs from last year to this year, so I don't think that we're looking at an issue this year. But in the out years, as the obligations continue to go up, it is going to be a challenge and RINs are going to be more expensive.
Joseph W. Gorder: No, Doug, I do think that's the right way to look at it. Certainly, the medium sours will be tightly linked to the light sweet prices. Heavy sours, I think, are going to be competing with medium sours for space in the refinery. And so as we get more supply into the Gulf, I think what we're going to see is kind of a downward pressure on the entire complex. And Bill mentioned what the discounts needed to be on heavy sour crudes relative to light sweet crudes. You need at least 8%, so you're going to see those have to price in if they want to move into the system.
