Joseph Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. Well, we've all had a very challenging start to the year with significant impact to our families, communities, and businesses worldwide, brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. The ensuing collapse of economic activity due to stay-at-home orders and travel restrictions has driven down demand for our products, particularly gasoline and jet fuel. Despite these extraordinary challenges, we're blessed to be able to continue supporting our community partners and organizations on the frontlines that help people most in need in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Across the country, we see neighbors and strangers helping one another and demonstrating genuine human kindness. With that in mind, our ethanol operations produced hand sanitizer for distribution to hospitals, emergency responders and other organizations, and I'm proud of our employees for their innovation and efforts to make this possible. Valero entered this economic downturn in a position of strength and our team has been thorough, decisive, and swift in our operational and financial response to the current environment. Operationally, we've adjusted the throughput rates at our refineries to more closely match product supply with demand, to ensure that our supply chain does not become physically infeasible. We also temporarily idled a number of our ethanol plants and reduced the amount of corn feedstock processed at the remaining plants, to address the decreased demand for ethanol. Financially, we remain well capitalized. We started the year with a solid cash balance. Due to the uncertainty in the markets and attractive rates available to us, we thought it'd be prudent to strengthen our financial position further. We entered into a new $875 million revolving credit facility, which remains undrawn, and we raised $1.5 billion of debt for additional liquidity. We also temporarily suspended buybacks in mid-March. In addition, we decided to defer approximately $100 million in tax payments that were due in the first quarter, along with approximately $400 million in capital projects for the year, including slowing the Port Arthur Coker and Pembroke Cogen projects, which pushes out their mechanical completion by 6 to 9-months. That being said, we continue to make progress on several of our strategic projects. We completed the Pasadena terminal project, which expands our products logistics portfolio, increases our capacity for biofuels blending, and enhances flexibility for export. And the St. Charles Alkylation Unit remains on-track to be completed in 2020. And we're continuing to make progress on the Diamond Pipeline expansion and the Diamond Green Diesel project, both of which should be completed in 2021, subject to COVID-19 related delays. The Diamond Green Diesel joint venture also continues to make progress on the advanced engineering review of a potential new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur, Texas facility.  So, the actions we've taken are consistent with the capital allocation framework we've had in place for several years. We continue to prioritize our investment grade credit rating and non-discretionary uses of capital, including sustaining capital expenditures and our dividend. And you should continue to expect incremental discretionary cash flow to compete with other discretionary uses, primarily organic growth capital and buybacks. Our framework has served as well and we'll continue to adhere to it in the future. In closing, the health, safety, and well-being of our employees and the communities where we operate remain among our top priorities. Our prudent management of operations has allowed us to weather a global shutdown like this without lay-offs. And while a tremendous amount of uncertainty remains in the near future, our operational and financial flexibility allow us to navigate through today's challenging macro environment. Our advantaged footprint with the flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks, coupled with a relentless focus on operational excellence and a demonstrated commitment to stockholders, positions our assets well as our country and the world return to a more normal way of life. So, with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you 
Joseph Gorder: Well, Gary, took a shot at that earlier. I guess I can take another shot at it and then Gary can tune whatever I have to say here. I think the industry has done a really good job with respect to gasoline. And we were-- when that first started, that was our primary concern. And I think the industry responded with appropriate rate reductions and including us. And where we are today is, you have, like Gary mentioned, just dropping in diesel. So, how I think that'll play out if there are signals right now out there to essentially drop diesel and the gas oil, which will replace some VGO purchases into these conversion unit. So, you should see some diesel disruption. And then everybody's going to have to stare how much crude they really think they need to meet demand. And so, ultimately it comes back to demand versus how does this crude supply. Obviously, there is a lot of crude. So, you don't have to reach out very long or far in your supply chain. Very committed, then you can ramp up accordingly or cut accordingly, depending on how that plays out.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, we would expect, if we needed, it'd be something commensurate with the $400 million that we talked about and gave the guidance for this year.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. I don't-- Jason, I don't know what you think, but I don't think anybody's going to back off of LCFS type regulations.
Joseph Gorder: Yes. No, we're always thinking about it, right? But you can't run - I said this earlier, I think. You can't run the business based on a short-term set of circumstances. And so, we're reassessing our long-term strategy all the time and we meet with our Board on it to review it every year. But if you look at what we've done, okay, and kind of our approach to the business, I don't know that anybody sitting in the room here with me would consider refining to be a long-term growth story, okay? It's really - it's a business where I think the industry has set itself now to basically match supply and demand going forward. And so, the way we look at it, as we run the business, to maximize the margin that we can capture within the business. And so, our capital is focused on optimization projects and logistics projects which allow us to lower our cost structure of things coming into the plants and going out of the plants. And then just how do we get a little more value out of every stream it is that we process? That's the view that we've adhered to now for several years, and I think it's the view that we're going to adhere to going forward. So, it's a little early right now for me to say that there's any fundamental changes, other than those that we've already implemented around capital, a greater focus on the renewable's, the greener fuels going forward, which we've done with the ethanol business, and with the renewable's, renewable diesel business. But other than that, I just don't envision anything, any major change of direction right now.
Gary Simmons: Okay. Doug, this is Gary. Your question on market fundamentals and North Atlantic Basin, we were staring at that pretty hard a few weeks ago and thought we were going to have an issue with that region filling up with products. But really been encouraged by the reaction of the industry to cut rates and to make less gasoline and diesel. [Technical difficulty] API yesterday showed that Pad 1 had a small draw on gasoline, which is encouraging. But at this stage, it looks like the industry has done a good job to balance supply with demand and we're not as concerned about filling up on inventory.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Theresa, this is Gary. So, I think that as we talked about, the industry did a good job of balancing supply and demand on the gasoline side. For the most part, along with that, we were cutting refinery crude runs with the expectation that would bring diesel balances pretty close to supply being in balance with demand. However, the jet demand disruption was just so severe, and everyone started blending jet into diesel, it caused the diesel yield from refineries to be really at record levels. And even despite the lower refinery utilization, we've seen diesel production outpacing demand, causing the inventory build. I think we are seeing, at least this week, starting to see some indications in the market that people in the industry including ourselves are making some adjustments to their operations to bring the diesel yields down which should be supportive to the diesel fundamentals moving forward.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I can tell you most of our - certainly on the crude side of the business, most of our contracts have a 30-day cancellation. And we've been trying to tell our suppliers we expect to hold them to that. And so, so far we haven't really seen much of a disruption in crude supply as a result of the force majeure you're reading about in the press.
Gary Simmons: Yes, we have. So, we saw a very sharp follow up in demand, really the last two weeks in March. Kind of got to a point in our system where we were seeing demand about 55% of what we would call normal. For the first couple of weeks in April, it seemed to stabilize around that level. But now we're starting to see demand pick back up already. So, if you look at the seven-day average in our rack systems, it's about 64% of normal. So, already about a 9% increase of where we were kind of early April. And as you mentioned, where you're really seeing the pickup is in the Mid-Continent, the Gulf Coast regions, as some of these stay-at-home orders are lifted. We're seeing a fairly significant sharp increase in demand.
Gary Simmons: Roger, a lot of volatility in the crude markets and we've certainly been changing our purchase signals from week-to-week, kind of moving throughout the quarter. I think for quite some time now, we've been signaling really maximum light sweet along with heavy sour and we haven't seen the economics of the medium sour as much. We got into March and medium sours became economic and we ramped up medium sours. However, that, I would say we've kind of returned back to the place where we were before, where we're back kind of maximizing light sweets and heavy sours in our system. And certainly, in some regions, you're seeing real wide market dislocations on some of the light sweets that we're buying, especially in the Mid-Continent region, Line 9 through Quebec's providing us with a big benefit, and then we're balancing those light sweet purchases with a lot of different heavy sour feedstock. So, kind of step back into some of the high sulfur fuel blend stocks along with some heavy sour crudes that we're sourcing from Canada and South America.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, this is Gary. So, I think we are taking those things into account. So, where we saw a fairly sharp decline in demand to this 55% level, we would expect the recovery to be more gradual on the demand side, as people continue to work from home. We see some offsetting things. Certainly, people working from home, but then you're going to have people driving more and probably using mass transit less, going forward. It's just because the social distancing is hard when you're on mass transit. So, overall, we see a fairly gradual recovery in demand and gasoline demand getting back close to where it was pre-COVID. On the jet side, I think we believe that the lower jet demand is probably here with us longer and it probably is a late year type recovery, where people are going to get back and start flying again or requires a vaccine or something on the medical side to happen, where people start to feel comfortable flying again.
Gary Simmons: Sure, this is Gary. In kind of a couple ways on the crude side, some of our contracts - some of our supply contracts on the crude side are based on a monthly average price. So obviously, when you have the dislocation that happened at the end of the month, it does figure into the monthly average and will ultimately make its way to our delivered crude costs. And then we also, I can't say that we anticipated the crude going negative like it did, but we certainly saw the potential for weakness as you got the contract expiry. So we did probably go into that period of time a little on the short side to give us the opportunity to go out and buy some of those discounted barrels, and we've done that. And then to your point, if we had room to absorb in our system, we'll run those barrels. If not, there's places where we're putting those barrels into storage and you'll see that benefit in months to come.
Gary Simmons: Paul, this is Gary. So, really our April volumes, we don't have the final accounting volumes done yet, of course. But our April export volumes are down about 10% from what we did in the first quarter or more typical type number. So, you're not really seeing it in April. But in May, with what we're selling forward, you're seeing a far lower demand in the Latin American countries than what we've typically seen kind of support. On the distillate side, you did see a falloff in diesel exports. Some of that has just been because the U.S. inventories were very low. And so, the U.S. market was stronger and we were better to keep the barrels in the domestic markets than to ship them abroad. But on the distillate side, we saw exports following off around 50% of normal, gasoline has been more 10%. Where we're selling wholesale barrels like into Mexico, we've been surprised at how well those volumes have held up. So, yesterday, in Mexico, we moved 85% of what we were moving in the first quarter. So, our wholesale volumes, the barrels that we're selling in-country are holding. But we are seeing the export markets fall off.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, that was the other there area that we had a lot of concern on. And again, you could see in the Mid-Continent, refiners adjusted and look like we may fill up in a couple of weeks, and now they've kind of adjusted gasoline balance with the demand, and we're seeing inventory draws. And the Mid-Continent is one of the areas that we've actually seen the best recovery in demand out of all the regions. 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, that really is more driven I would say from the production side. I think the refining industry has done a good job of bringing units offline and getting production balance with demand. We've actually seen some inventories draw on Pad 5, and so that's led to the strength in the gasoline market.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. I would say certainly there is that risk. But again, I would point to - we've been very encouraged by the discipline the industry has shown. And we're hopeful that maybe what you saw in March in the case that demand fell off sharply and it took a couple of weeks for refineries to modify their operations to come back closer to being in balance with demand, you see a reverse of that as demand picks up and we set our operations to run at lower production rates, maybe you get some big draws. But there's no way for us to really speculate how the industry is going to respond as demand recovers.
Lane Riggs: Doug this is Lane. I'll answer the second question. So, you're exactly right, whenever there's the risk of - everybody I'm sure, most refiners try to push their refinery utilization down somewhere near minimum, which normally is 50% to 65% for a given unit. But because of the risk of shutting one down very much puts you at risk of when you try to start back up it's not going to start up and you have to go into a full-blown turnaround. Now with that said, we actually did shut down our St. Charles FCC. It's a big FCC. And it was because we had just finished a turnaround. But we saw that as being a way to take off some gasoline producing capacity for our system and not take that risk. In terms of fuel quality, it's just - there's a lot of investment out there in terms of lower sulfur. It just depends on, if for some reason a GDU or a ULSD unit have a problem on startup. But other than that, I - as I think about that for us, I haven't seen that to be a big problem for us.
Lane Riggs: Phil, this is Lane. So, if you think about it, the low 70s throughput basis, not all of which goes into gasoline and diesel. We're trying to make sure that we are careful to match our feedstock plans with where we think demand is. Now, pint into that is a flight - some recovery towards the end of it, but our buying habits right now have to be beyond the assumption that crude will be available and that we're going to run our assets to meet demand. And not necessarily let structure drive us to maybe outrun demand or anything like that.
Lane Riggs: So Benny, obviously - this is Lane. I'll just give you our behavior, the proxy for that. We were fortunately in good position. And at the second half of the year, we had a low sort of planned turnaround basis. So, we didn't have a lot of planned turn arounds. And so, when we looked at all of our - so when we look at our turnaround, we look at our maintenance, we're making sure that we maintain our plants just like we do in our framework and very carefully. But we did sort of push some discretionary maintenance into next year, and I'm sure a lot of people are going to do that. At some point, obviously people have to do turnaround. So, people who are deferring turnaround, been doing a lot of that, at some point that does catch up and we'll just have to see. And at some point you have to take a turnaround. And there was a question earlier that I'll answer too. Somebody shut a unit down and there's a long - somewhere near the end of its run cycle, there will be some risk to starting it up, which may force - force them to take the turnaround early.
Lane Riggs: So - hey, Brad, this is Lane. So, I would just say, with respect to anything, it might be something to think. The conversion units create volume gains, whether they're hydrocracker or FCC. And so to the extent that we're cutting FCC and hydrocrackers to meet the demand, we think there are - you'll have, you could have a negative - your volume gain isn't there to help in your margin capture. I would say outside of that, I don't know if there's anything else with how we're operating to directly impact that.
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane. Sam, I would say in terms capital allocation, think about the things we're investing in on the refining side is over, right? There's other small caps that always we work on our feedstock flexibility, but to the extent that there's something that has a feedstock, feed element to. That's really more about positioning yourself to continue to run for heavy sour. We built the two crude units to run domestic. I think we think obviously you have to destock, even though there's some production losses going in this. You're going to have to destock domestic crude for a while as there is a recovery. So, we're not making big investments to run additional domestic crude because we think we've done that. So, we don't have - we don't have this sort of projects in the future to try to take more advantage of that. We think we've done it. But we don't really have a lot of projects, big projects that are even pointed at trying to take advantage or do something different on our feedstock collection.
Lane Riggs: That's a really good question. So, what I would say is we - all of our refineries are essentially this open capacity, right? If it's a little bit - it's an interesting place to be when you're trying to do your planning and doing relative values of feedstocks into it. It's open. So we are - it's pretty basic. We are doing our best to try to optimize our feedstock collection into matching demand and trying to be very careful not to run ahead of demand even though there will be a structure that might try to incentivize you to do so. So, we are being very - paying particular attention to doing that. But Gary mentioned that we started out, we were sort of a lot of domestic crude and heavy, and then as this thing unfolded we saw gasoline get weak, which was a disadvantage. Domestic crudes, we sort of went to medium sour and really loaded up on heavy. And as we've seen, gasoline start to pick up and it looks like that's in line. You're seeing us sort of work back, I think, to sort of our traditional posture, it's just we're going to be running less of it.
Lane Riggs: Jason, I'll take a stab at it. Our view, when Gary was talking about the Mid-Continent and it's getting better, when you think about a refinery operation, when you have a refinery setting in the Mid-Continent, if you get out of balance, it can become - you might end up shutting refinery down. So, we have taken the position on where we are essentially landlocked, to be very cautious on our feedstock plants, with the assumption there's plenty of oil to go get it if we needed to, whatever reason we believe that demand is sticking up. So, it's really around world's demand versus expectations and where are concerns about, sort of the feasibility of our operations where we are landlocked is all these policies around pre-COVID impacted demand. So, that's really where I think Gary talked for. It's just now we see that the Mid-Continent has sort of bottomed out, seems to be recovering a little bit better and it's - so, we have a run - but our plan is to make sure that we have - we are shortening our supply chain and that we can manage it and respond to it quickly and not get ourselves to where we're over committed on supply chain. And in the event that we have - that creates a problem for us if something doesn't quite happen the way that we hope it does. And that's really the narrative all the way across every system that we have. We're just being very careful trying to match the demand with that region, with an understanding that the West Coast, the Mid-Continent is not - you have to get that right. If you don't get - if you get it wrong, you get into some - having to do very uneconomic things to fix those problems. The Gulf Coast, it's a big system. It can go into a lot of different pipelines, servicing a lot of different parts of the country and then ultimately export to sort of satisfy its balance. But even there we're being very cautious.
Lane Riggs: Our North America - I mean, the Atlantic is really - we have - we're doing some work in both of those refineries in the second quarter.
Lane Riggs: Yes, this is Lane again. So, if you think about our cost structure in a refinery, you have variable costs and fixed costs. And the variable cost, and it's an interesting thing to think about because in $1.80 for a Henry Hub pricing environment, variable costs, which for us includes FCC catalysts, chemicals, and natural gas to fire our boiler and our heaters. It's really somewhere now down between 15% and 25%. Whereas maybe in years past where natural gas was much more expensive, would have been a bigger component. So, yes, natural gas purchase is a part of that. It's not - it's really - if you look all the way down the line, we have our variable cost as we've cut FCC catalyst, we've cut natural gas. But we've also - we also see our - we reduced our contractor headcount some and looking at very carefully at our sort of discretionary maintenance to also bring that down. Again, trying to be very careful with operating costs.
Lane Riggs: Yes, certainly, the market structure is such that if you can put barrels in tankage whether that's floating storage or tankage in cushing, the market paid you to do that. In terms of our everyday purchases, a lot of the market structure is built into the prices you see and you don't necessarily get a big benefit from market structure except for Mid-Continent barrels that we purchased, and we tend to see a bit when we're contango versus when the market structures in backwardation. It's a pretty complex discussion and I would ask you if you want to go into that in detail you can call Homer and we can setup a discussion to go into more detail about that.
Martin Parrish: Manav, this is Martin. On the benchmark, you have to realize we're using a soybean oil price. Our actual feedstock costs are going to differ from that. There's other impacts too, contractually what we're doing this year versus last year. So, I'm not going to give you a hard and fast answer on that, but it's - we just - you're kind of seeing the strength of renewable diesel and the strength of Diamond Green there.
Martin Parrish: Okay, this is Martin. I think if you step back and put DGD in perspective, right, we've got a great first quarter in the book. We're running at full capacity and our outlook hasn't changed, as we're committed to the long-term strategy of growing the business. With COVID-19, carbon prices dropped slightly, but the rent has escalated and entirely offset that, and the gallon blenders tax credit dollar per gallons in play. On the feedstock availability, you have to understand we're running 275 million gallons a year now. We have plans to go up to 4x that amount and we still believe we can secure the feedstock for that. So, this is kind of a - there's disruptions, but it's not significant. We're not concerned about keeping feed in front of the unit. As far as what it does for the LCFS, I think all this is rather temporary and I'd characterize it as bump in the road, but I don't think it's going to slow anything down materially. And certainly, in the rearview mirror, I don't think it's going to be that significant.
Martin Parrish: Okay, sure. Well, as you know, we've got eight of our plants down and six are running. So, we're actually running lower than 50% today. This demand disruption really hit home in ethanol right, significant cuts have been made across the industry. We cut - if you look at the April EIA information, it would tell that demand is - implied demand is less than 50% of last year. So, we think we're in the right spot. Ultimately, this will recover right and global renewable fuel mandates will drive export growth. Domestically, we'll get going again and ethanol is going to be in the gasoline pool. And we'll see incremental demand as a result of fuel efficiency standards and year-round E15 sales.
Donna Titzman: All right. Well, I'll start with the working capital. Now, you're correct, as we've seen, prices leveled off a bit. And then, hopefully, now, as they start to recover with the economy waking backup, we would expect to see that working capital draw reverse itself. I can't tell you how quickly that will happen. That is really all dependent on how quickly we see these prices recover. And to answer the balance sheet question; obviously, yes, the debt cap has gone up a bit here of late. Our intentions would be, as everything gets back to normal, to also normalize that balance sheet a bit when we raised the $1.5 billion. We did that in short-term maturities and not in 10s and 30s, with the idea that that would become repayable much quicker than a longer-term issuance. So, our intent would be to kind of get back to where we were pre all of this, as quickly as we can. And again, the liquidity, as you mentioned, is absolutely key today. So, we are definitely in the cash preservation mode right now, but we have a very strong liquidity level and are very comfortable with where we're at today.
Donna Titzman: Well, I think you can expect that - a lot of this started in mid-March and continued through the April timeframe, so you should probably expect some of that to have carried into April. But as I mentioned, things are leveling off and hopefully now we're looking at improvement from this point forward. So, we shouldn't see that same kind of level of cash being consumed.
Donna Titzman: No, I mean, just all along, we have maintained a conservative balance sheet for the purpose of being able to survive times like this.
Donna Titzman: Sure. So, the problem with - this is something that we look at all of the time, not just in this environment but on a regular basis. The issue typically with retiring, refinancing current debt out there is we have make-whole provisions in all of our agreements. So effectively, what we're doing is paying the investor the impact of the current low prices anyway. So, from an economic perspective, that rarely works out to be a good deal. That being said, we continue - but we're always looking for odd moments in the market where things may not trade as efficiently as others, many times those are smaller opportunities and not larger opportunities. But again, we'll continue to look for those ideas, but I wouldn't say that that would happen in a big way.
