Joe Gorder: Thanks Homer and good morning everyone. Our system is flexibility and the teams relentless focus on safety enable us to deliver positive earnings in an otherwise weak margin environment during a period of heavy maintenance. The first quarter presented us with tough market conditions, differentials on medium and heavy sour crude oils were compressed by a number of factors including OPEC and Canadian crude production curtailments and Venezuelan sanctions. We also started the year with gasoline inventories at record high levels and the gasoline crack at historic lows. Despite this challenging backdrop our premier assets and prior investments that have improved our feedstock and product flexibility enable us to achieve positive earnings and operating cash flow. We demonstrated the flexibility of our system by processing a record volume of 1.4 million barrels per day of North American sweet crude oil as well as a record amount of Canadian heavy crude in the quarter. The Diamond Pipeline and Line 9B continued to provide cost advantage Cushing and Canadian crudes to the Memphis and the Quebec City refineries respectively. We also continue to maximize product exports into higher net back markets in Latin America. Our investments that are expected to grow the earnings capability of the company continue to move forward. The Houston alkylation unit and the Central Texas pipelines and terminals projects remain on track to be operational in the second and third quarters respectively. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit and Pembroke cogeneration unit are all on track to be complete in 2020. The Diamond Green Diesel expansion and the Port Arthur Coker are expected to be complete late 2021 and 2022 respectively. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to adhere to our discipline framework. Our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 remains at approximately 2.5 billion and you should expect incremental discretionary cash flow to continue to compete with other discretionary uses including cash returns, growth investments and M&A. With respect to cash returns to stockholders, we paid out 55% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities for the quarter and we continue to target an annual payout ratio between 40% to 50%. Turning to financing activities, we completed a $1 billion public debt offering in March at a coupon of 4% with the proceeds being used primarily to redeem $850 million, 6.125% senior notes due in 2020. We also funded the buy in of VLP with $950 million of cash on hand in the first quarter. Now, [Technical Difficulty] we remain constructive for the rest of the year. Product fundamentals continue to improve with gasoline and distillate inventories now below their 5-year averages. Additionally product shortages particularly in Central and South America should continue to support robust exports. The impending IMO 2020 fuel oil specs should also lead to higher gasoline and distillate cracks along with improvement in the medium and heavy sour crude differentials. Our advantage footprint with its flexibility to process a wide range of feedstocks and reliably supply quality fuels to consumers here and abroad coupled with a relentless focus on operations excellence and a demonstrated commitment to stockholders continues to position Valero well for any market environment. So with that Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: We're still running like we've said in the past. We're running about a third corn oil, a third use cooking oil and then a third beef tallow type -- beef tallow or choice white grease. So same mix as we've been running historically.
Joe Gorder: So what we understand is really the last loads of high sulfur fuel oil that head to the Far East for shipping probably occurred in late September. So you start to see an impact on the high sulfur fuel market sometime in that late September, early October region. And then on the distillate side, I think it's probably in November, December type timeframe before you start to see an impact on the diesel side.
Joe Gorder: Yes. The other he was dovetailing it in, Peter, you tell me if this is wrong, it sound like you are dovetailing it into the share repurchases. And we've been pretty clear all along that we weren't going to leverage the balance sheet to do share repurchases. I think that's why you saw the repurchases slightly less in the first quarter, we used the adjusted free cash flow metric as our target and that's how we're going to live with. We're running the business for the long-term and we feel that all of the components that we've identified, all of the goals we've set for ourselves are relevant and we don't want to deviate from that. So as cash flow picks up, I think you should expect that flywheel of share repurchase to increase also. But I wouldn't tie the two directly together the debt to cap and the share repurchase quantity. I hope that answers the second question.
Joe Gorder: So, on the final question on the Houston alkylation on schedule to start up here in the second quarter specifically at the end of May, maybe give it for a June 1 startup. So what does that mean in terms of our results that means you're going to have about a third of the benefit in the second quarter and then you'll have the full benefit in the third and fourth quarter and it will absolutely go directly to capture rate. So some of our project like coppers don't go directly to improving our capture rate, we get additional volume, but this will because you're taking NGLs and getting all the way to sort of a premium gasoline component value so that should show up in our capture rates in the Gulf Coast.
Joe Gorder: There's two pieces to that question, right. There's the -- I mean the conversation around strategic use of the pipeline. But I mean, our initial emphasis for the pipeline was to assure crude supply in a particular crude supply into the Memphis refinery. You guys want to talk about that at all.
Joe Gorder: So Sam, I mean from our perspective, the key is as Gary stated is just to be sure that we retain our ability to ship the volumes that we need into the Memphis refinery and then as an investor in the pipeline, I think we'll look at the options associated with a possible expansion.
Joe Gorder: You guys want to talk about the impact of the project? I think [indiscernible] different than the last few quarters maybe we will summarize. Well, obviously, okay, I think the refinery, we only have the Wilmington and Cajon.
Joe Gorder: And Neil, we think that's still a reasonable target. And, we'll test around it both directions and just see if it holds up longer term. And then, the other thing to keep in mind is that we bought back the deal during the quarter and that was $950 million of cash. So there'll be times, when I think you'll see the cash balance increase, if we're looking at something like that. But otherwise the $2 billion is still probably a good point of reference for you guys to use in your modeling.
Joe Gorder: We are always focused on efficiencies and cost controls. I just don't know if they would have been material enough that --
Gary Simmons: Yes, sure. Well, I can tell you its a lot more fun talking about gasoline in April than it was in January and we certainly feel good about the gasoline market. When we talk in January as you mentioned we were looking at a year-over-year overhang of 18 million barrels of gasoline. Since that time, since February we've seen refiner utilization average 87%. Now gasoline inventory is 11 million below where it was last year at this time. In addition to that, you're heading into a portion of the year where we would expect seasonal demand trends to follow where we'd see a pickup in demand as you head into driving season. In addition to that you should see yield fall-off some as we're transitioning to summer grade gasoline. You have less butane in the pool. So, I think through driving season, we feel very good about the gasoline situation as you get into the fourth quarter we would expect if you would see some normal seasonal patterns there as well and you begin to build inventory. I think this year, we do feel like there is an opportunity on gasoline that we haven't seen before because of the IMO 2020 bunker spec change. Our view is that low sulfur feedstocks are currently going to SECs where we priced against their low sulfur fuel blend value alternative and that ability to swing the low sulfur feedstocks out of the SECs and into the low sulfur fuel market will be supportive to the cracks longer term as it results in lower SEC utilization and lower gasoline production. But when it comes to gasoline or all aspects of the business, we manage for the long-term there's certainly a lot of moving parts here, but we feel like we're very well positioned. Global demand remains healthy. Valero is the lowest cost producer and we're strategically located export product globally especially to the markets in Central and South America. So we feel pretty good about it.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we did just under 190,000 barrels a day of heavy Canadian, 49 of that was crude by rail that we delivered to Port Arthur with the remainder being pipeline delivered barrels. We would expect those volumes to continue in that range actually ramp up a little bit especially with the Venezuelan barrels off of the market. On the Maya formula, there's not a lot of help in terms of additional medium and heavy sour supply coming onto the market, but where we see the opportunity for the quality dips to improve is really heavy, high sulfur fuel moving weaker. And we came off the highs, where we were trading at 96% of Brent. Earlier this week, we were down to 89% of Brent. And our expectation is as you move closer to that IMO 2020 fuel spec change that high sulfur fuel would continue to get weaker and that will help the quality discounts move weaker as well.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So far we don't have any indication of additional OPEC barrels making their way to the market. We don't have any coming into our system as of yet and we'll wait to kind of hear that. I think they're meeting in early May to determine whether they're going to ramp up production.
Gary Simmons: Well, I think most of what we're seeing today is driven by several components in the formula we mentioned the high sulfur fuel getting weaker the Brent GI are widening also helps the Maya differential get weaker and then the final thing is Midland WTS is still part of the Maya formula. So as WTS gets weaker it helps as well. I think those are the key drivers and certainly high sulfur fuel oil should continue to get weaker and help the Maya spread wide now.
Gary Simmons: Sure. Yes. I think we had a little milder winter in the North Atlantic basin than what we typically had which hurt demand a little bit. That was certainly offset by lower production with the lower refinery utilization. I think moving forward certainly you're entering a time of the year where we typically see a little softer distillate demand as you don't have the heating oil demand. I think where this year is different with the market structure and the strong carry in the market, I think the [indiscernible] market will remain supported because as it weakens the barrels will be bid into storage. And so I think you'll see diesel continue to be supportive in the short-term and then you'll get the demand kick later in the year as we approach the IMO 2020 date.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, I would tell you since the Venezuelan sanctions about a third of the barrels we are getting from Venezuela then replaced by running incremental domestic lights, we about a third of it is incremental heavy Canadian, and then, a third of it is just opportunistic cargos and some of that production that you're talking about in Brazil fits into that opportunistic cargo. We've definitely seen more volumes of Brazilian crude coming into the Gulf and also our West Coast.
Gary Simmons: Yes. That's gone extremely well. And we saw a stronger contribution of Diamond Pipeline in the first quarter '19 than we did in the first quarter of '18 and some of that's the water Brent TIR. The other change in our system was the Sunrise Pipeline which came online in the fourth quarter of '18. That not only improved our ability to get Midland Cushing, Midland barrels to Ardmore and McGee, but we are now able to get Midland barrels to Memphis and we certainly saw an uplift from that in the first quarter. Now, I'll let Rich handle the second part.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think like we've always talked, the West Coast is a little long refining capacity but when you have maintenance activities at times at the market and we've seen maintenance activities on the West Coast and inventories are low heading into gasoline season which I think you know bodes well to a fairly strong gasoline season on the West 
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the Sunrise definitely had a material impact on the first quarter results for us as you were able to capture that Midland to Cushing differential on the pipeline was space we have on Sunrise.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I think it's hard for us to predict, how quickly shifts put in scrubbers. It looks like that's not going to be fast and that the impact of aim of 2020 will be longer lasting than what we initially assumed. But I don't know that we have a lot of great data on that.
Gary Simmons: It certainly that the most economic scrubbers are the open lube scrubbers which put the sulfur back into the ocean. And so, as questions have come up whether there are going to be allowed to do that, it certainly presents another degree of difficulty when people are trying to make those capital investments.
Martin Parrish: Okay. Well, this is Martin. We've provided volume guidance today on an annual basis. We're also going to be publishing a DGD margin indicator on our Web site. We've been running at these higher rates now for six months feedstock is flowing fine. Our partnership with Darling Ingredients gives us an advantage in that space. They process about 10% of the world's meat byproducts. So we feel good about being able to source the feedstock. And looking forward to continued growth and expansion and we're looking at this expansion that Joe mentioned additional 400 million gallons a year that'll come on in late 2021.
Martin Parrish: And this is Martin. I think that's a good way to think about the business you're right on the first quarter we were at $0.85 per gallon EBITDA that was negatively impacted by a hedge loss of $0.37 a gallon. So if you adjusted EBITDA would have been 122, I think a better way to look at it as the last six months because we had a big hedge positive in the fourth quarter. So if you look at the last six months the weighted average EBITDA was $1.24 a gallon. So right on top of the $1.25 and these hedge gain loss is not significant over the life of Diamond Green. It's just been these big moves in the ULS flat price in the last six months.
Martin Parrish: Yes. So, I would say that I think the diesel forward curve is not a very good representation of what we would expect the foreign markets would look like, you are seeing more contango start to edge its way into the market. I think that will continue as you get closer to the date, but I think we'll have a stronger diesel environment than what's currently reflected in the curve.
Jason Fraser: That's right. Yes. We do agree with everything you said. We continue to expect IMO 2020 to be implemented and enforced. You don't schedule as most recently indicated by those comments by the Coastguard official you mentioned. It seems like things have quieted down with that administration and these EIA forecasts that come out over the last several months which didn't show a dramatic jump in prices. That's kind of calm the waters.
Jason Fraser: Okay. This is Jason. Of course, we support the extension of the blenders tax credit. We did see that bill introduced in the House is also one that's been introduced in the Senate by Grassley and Wyden. And of course, this is one of Senator or Chairman Grassley's main initiatives or one of his programs, he will most aggressively push for. So we are hopeful that something will happen this year, of course with the change over leadership in the House, the Democrats have to sort through the Democrat leadership sort through their priorities for what they want to move this year. But we're hopeful something happens. And it is an issue that has bipartisan support which is very helpful with a split legislature like we have.
Jason Fraser: This is Jason, again. And we hadn't seen them really ship their approach. They're definitely under pressure probably under constant pressure from the ethanol side. On the smaller farther waivers they have been for years, but they seemed to understand that the responsibility to grant smaller final exemptions is part of the statute, it's been reaffirmed by Congress and the court several times, have been several appellate cases on the issue. And so, we're encouraged by administrator Wheeler's comments at his confirmation hearing that he plan to follow the law. He understood how those programs are supposed to work and we hope the agency continues to act as they have in the past which is to grant the waivers where they seem to be appropriate.
Jason Fraser: In the first quarter of '18, we actually had an environmental reserve adjustment, it is one of the special items that's reflected in the press release.
Lane Riggs: Hi. This is Lane. I will further color to that point. So right now medium sour you are asking about that as well. It's still a little bit out of the market with respect to its value relative to sweet and heavy. Those are the two most economic crudes. So there's still sort of an arbitrage that exists out there in the marketplace between medium and there is about 3% discount and you should see somewhat -- get some parity in all that, it all gets balanced again in the Atlantic basin.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. We were clearly in that mode, I thought I have alluded that earlier max. W have some turnaround activity or control refineries and turnaround. So, when you see us come out into the second or third quarter, our refineries come out of all this, you could see us have additional capacity where we're have that strategy. So we have some more room to do that.
Lane Riggs: Neil, there's been a host of things though right. I mean we've got the Diamond Green Diesel expansion that we're seeing the benefits of also. And you've seen it multiple times but in the deck, we've got the fact that we believe that the projects that were completed produced another $340 million of incremental EBITDA. So, we -- if you compare year-over-year and how we performed in kind of a similar margin environment, I think you would find that the projects have contributed significantly to the earnings capability of the company.
Lane Riggs: Well, this is Lane. So yes, we have about eight days of downtime in our Venetia refinery we had a crude leak in the furnace and so we had to bring the entire refinery down to repair. And so consequently we moved a turnaround that we had budgeted in the first quarter '20 into the timeframe. So we're essentially executing a turnaround so we should start the refinery up sort of mid May-ish or somewhere in the later maybe it will be somewhere in the May timeframe term start the refinery up. The other thing that we had happen in the quarter that didn't get a lot of press was we had our McKee refinery had an air blower -- main air blower Allergan. So -- and that was a big event as well in terms of our impact in the quarter an unusual event and thought it was $90 million. So if you're trying to sort of frame what the earnings potential for the first quarter could have been the bigger event in the first quarter actually was our McKee, again, it was about $90 million for the growth margin impact.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So unfortunately I guess some bad information, our methods refinery goes into an SEC turnaround in about a week or so. But, we don't normally try to position take you know we'll maybe nudge turnarounds around certain things, but we aren't taking. We didn't make a huge effort to try to move our turnarounds and to accommodate IMO 2020 is because we have a lot of assets. So, but anyway that's kind of where we are on that in terms of the industry we don't really comment on other players and industry or what we think maintenance activity might be.
Lane Riggs: Actually what we see is, we maximize light sweet. We tend to make the same amount of gasoline and less a little bit less distill. So a yield shift is probably more tied to hydro cracker utilizations and what units we actually had down for maintenance rather than a change in the crude slate.
