Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We saw continued improvement in our business during the fourth quarter with refining margins supported by strong product demand. In our system, we ended the year with gasoline demand at pre-pandemic levels and demand for diesel actually higher than pre-pandemic levels. We also saw a significant jet fuel recovery as domestic and international travel opened up, increasing from approximately 60% of pre-pandemic levels at the beginning of the year to approximately 80% at the end of the year. Product inventories were low as a result of the refining capacity rationalization that's taken place in the last 2 years and weather-related impacts from Winter Storm Uri and Hurricane Ida. On the crude oil side, OPEC+ increased production throughout the year with improving demand supplying the market primarily with sour crude oils, resulting in wider sour crude oil discounts to Brent crude oil. As a result of all these dynamics, we saw a steady recovery in margins throughout the year, particularly for our complex refining system. In regards to our ethanol segment, ethanol prices were near record highs in the quarter, supported by strong demand and low inventories. Strong margins, coupled with solid operational performance across all of our segments, generated record quarterly operating income for our ethanol segment and record overall fourth quarter earnings for Valero. I am proud to say that 2021 was our best year ever for employee and process safety. In fact, we've set records for process safety for 3 consecutive years. These milestones are a testament to our long-standing commitment to safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations. And despite the pandemic and weather-related challenges in 2021, our growth projects remained on track. We started up the Pembroke cogeneration unit in the third quarter of '21, which provides an efficient and reliable source of electricity and steam, and enhances the refinery's competitiveness. In addition, the Diamond Green Diesel expansion project, DGD 2, commenced operations in the fourth quarter on budget and ahead of schedule. The expansion has since demonstrated production capacity of 410 million gallons per year renewable diesel as a result of process optimization, above the initial nameplate design capacity of 400 million gallons per year. This expansion brings DGD's total annual renewable diesel capacity to 700 million gallons. Looking ahead, the DGD 3 project at our Port Arthur refinery is progressing ahead of schedule and is now expected to be operational in the first quarter of 2023. With the completion of this, 470 million-gallon per year plant, DGD's total annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. BlackRock and Navigator’s large-scale carbon sequestration project is also progressing on schedule and is still expected to begin start-up activities in late 2024. Valero is expected to be the anchor shipper with 8 ethanol plants connected to the system, which should provide a higher ethanol product margin. The Port Arthur Coker project, which is expected to increase the refinery's utilization rate and improved turnaround efficiency, is expected to be completed in the first half of 2023. On the financial side, the guiding framework underpinning our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We remain disciplined in our allocation of capital, which prioritizes a strong balance sheet and an investment-grade credit rating. In 2021, we took measures to reduce Valero's long-term debt by approximately $1.3 billion. We ended the year well capitalized with $4.1 billion of cash and $5.2 billion of available liquidity, excluding cash. And our net debt to capitalization was 33%. We continue to honor our commitment to stockholders, defending the dividend across margin cycles and delivering a payout ratio of 50% in 2021. And as recently announced, the Board of Directors has approved a quarterly dividend of $0.98 per share for the first quarter of 2022. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic on refining margins, with low global light product inventories, strong product demand, global supply tightness due to significant refining capacity rationalization and wider sour crude oil differentials. We also remain optimistic on our low-carbon businesses, which we continue to expand with the growing global demand for lower carbon intensity products. We've been leaders in the growth of these businesses and maintain a competitive advantage with our operational and technical expertise. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operations, deploying capital with an uncompromising focus on returns and honoring our commitment to stockholders, has driven our success and positions us well. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: Yes. And there's -- Lane, there's been a lot of lessons learned as we went through 1. And so I mean…
Joe Gorder: Prashant, at this time last year, there was a big question on sustainability of the dividend, right? A lot can change in a short period. Now you never questioned it. You always had faith, stuff like that. But anyways, it’s interesting how things come around.
Joe Gorder: Yes. So Doug, I wouldn't say -- I mean, we always look at the dividend, and we'd like to increase it. I think there's a time when it will be right to do that. And it's a burden that we've been able to carry. Certainly, it's easy in a good margin environment like we have today. But in the down margin environment, as Jason said, we’ve defended it. And it was a bit of a load. But we're committed to it, and we just don't want to get overextended.
Gary Simmons: Sure, Theresa. If you look -- I mean, I'll just kind of go through some of the things we're seeing in our system. We saw good recovery last year, both gasoline and diesel and even good recovery in jet fuel demand. And we expect that rebound to continue through 2022. We started the year, gasoline demand is off a little bit from what we would expect. Some of that is just seasonality. But even if you go back to 2019, we were in 2019 at this time of the year, we're off about 7% with the spike in COVID cases and also some weather impacting gasoline demand as well. But I would tell you already, our 7-day average is only off about 3% of where it was in 2019. So it looks like this latest surge in COVID cases we’re already coming out of it. And so with where gasoline inventories are, very bullish gasoline moving forward. As you already pointed out, we expect to see gasoline demand back to 2019 levels, which was close to peak gasoline demand, and we'll be trying to feed that demand with significantly less refining capacity. So we expect the gasoline markets to be very tight. When you move to diesel, of course, diesel inventories are not only low in the United States, but they're low globally. Diesel demand actually in our system has been about 7% of where it was in 2019. So some of those factors, in particular, weather that are negatively impacting gasoline are actually -- are having a positive impact on diesel demand. So we see very strong diesel demand. And we actually don't see a clear path in the near future to be able to restock those investors in turnaround activity that's occurring in the industry, along with the rationalization that's occurred. So for us, both gasoline and diesel look very constructive moving throughout the year. Jet demand will be the unknown. Our expectation is that as we get through this wave of COVID, much like we saw last year, domestic air travel will pick back up fairly rapidly but it will be a longer period of time before international travel picks back up. So although we expect to be closed back to 2019 levels by the end of the year, probably not fully recovered. I think to me, when you talk about the wild card, really the wildcard for this year is what happens in the crude market. Obviously, a lot of tightness in the crude markets today, certainly having an impact on differentials and so for us, it's kind of when do we see OPEC begin to ramp up production. As global oil demand picks up, we would expect OPEC to increase production. A lot of that will be medium and heavy sour barrels, which would be constructive to wider differentials moving throughout the year as well.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think a lot of -- typically in the Gulf Coast, when we see stronger capture rates, it's tied to feedstock optimization. And so certainly, we've been doing a lot around some of those fuel oil blend stocks and running more of those in our system, which has helped supported higher capture rates.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, it's Gary. I think there's a number of factors that contributed to the tightness, not simply OPEC. We saw the winter weather have an impact on heavy Canadian production from Western Canada. We had disruptions from supply in Ecuador. There's been -- the pipeline issue between -- the pipeline between Iraq and Turkey that took barrels off the market. So a number of factors. We think going forward, again, not only get OPEC production ramping up. We expect to not only see the Western Canadian production come back, we actually think it will grow with some of the logistics projects coming back on. And so most of that production that was off the market is coming back. In addition to that production coming on the market, the OPEC production growing will take some of the pressure off the crude markets and certainly pressure off the crude differentials.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I guess what we're seeing in terms of demand is they're kind of ahead of where we are in recovery from the latest spike in COVID cases. If you look at our 7 day in the UK, we're up about 10% of where we were month to date. So starting to see good recovery in mobility and gasoline demand in the system. Again, very similar situation on diesel. ARA stocks are very low. So diesel looks very constructive as well.  On the natural gas side, you see some switching of crude diets as a result of the high natural gas prices still $30 an MMBtu in Northwest Europe. So you see some people kicking out medium and heavy sour grades of crude running more light sweet. I think where we've seen it the most is optimization around hydro processing capacity. So people idling and cutting hydrocracking capacity as a result of very high natural gas prices, which again puts less diesel in the market and is 1 of the reasons why we're experiencing all the tightness around diesel that we are.
Gary Simmons: Yes, this is Gary. So I would tell you, we're probably seeing -- we're not seeing the recovery in Latin America quite as fast as we've seen in North America or the UK. So demand is still down a little bit. We're seeing good export demand into the region. I would expect in the first quarter, our exports will be down a little bit, not really an indication of demand in Latin America, but more a function of maintenance activity occurring, especially in the U.S. Gulf Coast during the quarter and really good domestic demand. But the demand is there in Latin America in our typical export markets.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So obviously, we don't really until any kind of sanctions are announced, we don't really know what they would entail. What I can tell you is that when we've seen things like this happen in the past in other locations, it simply results in a change in trade flows. So what we would expect to happen here is some of those intermediates that we're running today will be run somewhere else throughout the world. And wherever those end up going, they'll kick out feedstocks that make it available for us to run. So certainly, as a commercial team, we're looking at what those are today and making sure we have them approved in our system and are ready to run them if we need to in the future.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I think Lane has been pretty public on our views on being able to meaningfully change refinery reliability and utilization. He's kind of said 2 turnaround cycles and a lot of capital. So it looks like their goals are pretty aggressive. But if they're able to increase refinery utilization, if it does focus refinery starts up, certainly, it would decrease the amount of crude for export. Our view is that the first destinations to be cut will really be European destinations and Asian destinations for export from Mexico. [It goes first]. Our experience has been that as they increase refinery runs in Mexico, they increase the export of high-sulfur fuel oil, and that's a good feedstock for our high complexity U.S. Gulf Coast system that actually serves as a nice complement to a lot of the light sweet grades we run in our U.S. Gulf Coast system. We've had a long-standing great relationship with Pemex, and we expect that to continue long into the future.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I'll take that. And you're right, we've made good progress on our goals. We have said when we started coming out of this situation, we rebuild our cash and target keeping more on hand around $3 billion. We've done that. We had $4.1 billion at the end of the year. We also said we're really going to start working on delevering. And in the third and fourth quarters of last year, we did delevering transactions paid off about $1.3 billion net, brought our net debt to cap down to 33% at the end of the year, and our goal is to ultimately get back to our 20% to 30% long-term target we've had. And the pace is going to depend on margins and cash generation.  But getting on to buybacks and the return of cash to shareholders. As you said, things are looking better now. For 2021, the payout was 50% with just the dividend and some minimal buybacks related to the employee plans. But with the margin increase in the fourth quarter and they're continuing to be strong during the first quarter so far, if this pattern of recovery does continue, we do anticipate we'll be doing buybacks this year to meet our target. And we feel we can both continue to our pattern, our goal of having aggressive debt paydown this year and also meet our shareholder return commitment via projects -- via buybacks, I'm sorry. We definitely don't think they're mutually exclusive and it's all driven by our framework and targets we've had in place for several years.
Jason Fraser: Yes. Well, our movements in working capital generally follow flat price. So when we're forecasting, we just assume neutral cash on working capital as our basis.
Jason Fraser: Yes. This is Jason. It's probably a little soon given what we just came through. But we always look at it. Our commitment is to have a sustainable dividend with a yield at the high end of our peer group, and that's where it is now, where the peers are and the market is, we think it's in a good place.
Jason Fraser: Yes, everything you said was accurate. And you have to -- we have to -- we have a balanced dividend because as we've proven through the last downturn, we're going to defend it in the downturn. So you have to be wary of making it too high. And the buybacks give you the flywheel.
Jason Fraser: And it's well positioned versus the peers. Our first step is to look versus our peers, we committed to be up near the top of the end and as long as we're the highest, that box is checked.
Jason Fraser: Yes. That's right. One thing we do to address this is hold a higher cash balance. But we also want to have an efficient capital structure and debt is pretty cheap right now. The 1 to 0 debt would give you the maximum flexibility and kind of resilience, but then you have a cost of a higher cost.
Lane Riggs: I'm still going to say we have the best people. Hey, Manav, this is Lane. We also completed Diamond Green 2, right? So we have a really good understanding of what the project execution looks like. We have the same business partners that are largely executing Diamond Green 2. And we've been able to really improve the schedule, and it's really just -- we've been -- we’ve built 2 of these, we're in our third, and it's just a really good team all the way around, not just our people, we have good business partners as well. And we also are permitting, we permit these even better. So just....
Lane Riggs: That’s what I mean. We've built 1, we’ve built -- we just finished 2 and we've learned all through all those things. We are definitely -- we have the advantage of being an early mover in this space.
Lane Riggs: All right. So yes, what's interesting about the 2 refineries we have in the Atlantic Basin is Quebec is seasonally stronger in the fourth and the first quarter, it's largely a distillate, very specialized distillate producing refinery configured, whereas Pembroke is really more of a gasoline producing configured refinery. So that's kind of how they work out. So really, in terms of the fourth quarter performance, it's really Quebec well on their margin capture. And obviously, you have the issues with around high natural gas prices over in the UK Obviously, that helped sort of hurt their margin capture in Pembroke.
Lane Riggs: I like the second answer, but it's a -- yes. Quebec ran -- they both ran really well in the quarter. So...
Lane Riggs: Sam, it's Lane. So I think we are trying to study the data right now because what we see the similar issue in terms of what where utilization is and versus closures. And again, it's just sort of what we're sort of preliminary deciding or looking at as we think that there's probably some slowdowns that are occurring maybe because of maintenance deferrals or turnaround deferrals in the industry. We don't -- that's not something we know, but it's a theory as to what you're seeing. And certainly, where margins are now the call on capacity is pretty much max. So other than the turnarounds and the outages, the refinery utilization ought to be in this 90% to 95% range. Once you get all the DOE data worked out to make sure all the refineries do you think shouldn't be in and everything. That's kind of where we see it as well.
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll take the first one. So we don't really comment directly on our turnaround activity going into the quarter. The volumes are the proxy for that, so you can just sort of decide what that means. And we certainly don't -- we also don't comment on our peers on what we think they're doing with respect to turnarounds. This is just sort of a policy for us.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I mean, we read the same journals you guys do and trade magazines, and we have people that keep up with refinery closures and refineries starting up. Obviously the Middle East has some refinery starting up. China has some. I guess we sort of believe that China has this longer-term plan of having larger refineries run instead of what we call the teapot refineries. But at the end of the day, it's hard to really sort of have a real strong view on where all this really heads. I always go back to when the refinery -- the Indian refinery alliance was starting up, and we were concerned then, and we from our experience were able to review those refineries, stress and calculated their import parity into our marketing. At the end of the day, what happened is most of the barrels stayed in the region. So you just -- these are difficult things to work through. But what we do is we run our assets. We make sure they're competitive not holding here in the U.S. but everywhere in the world. And we know that as long as there's [rent] out there in this industry, we'll get our share of it. So...
Martin Parrish: Yes, Manav, this is Martin. Obviously, our plan is to continue to feed DGD 1, 2 and 3 with waste feedstock. We feel good about that. The market -- feedstock market has tightened up relative to soybean oil. And we knew that was coming with the start-up of DGD 2. We changed trade flows. We've moved everything around, and that's had an impact on the market. And frankly, when we contemplated DGD 2 and 3, we expect that feedstock to appreciate relative to soybean oil and we expected carbon pricing to appreciate. So we're kind of where we expected to be here. And yes, the feedstock situation, it's a moving target, but it's all tied to global GDP growth. And just to sum it up, yes, we expect to be able to feed it.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Phil. This is Martin. So margin capture in 2021 was all about the feedstock price. In first half of '21, feedstock prices were low relative to soybean oil, which resulted in some really high margin capture. In the fourth quarter, the prices were high relative to soybean oil and that gave us a lower margin capture at 75%. With the start-up of DGD 2, we're going to have tighter prices for a while. We expect feedstock to be around soybean oil going forward for the immediate future. And then we'll see how that plays out in the next few months after that. But we expect it to be right around soybean oil, which would incur closer to this 100% type margin capture. And that's what we experienced throughout 2019. If you go back and look at those numbers, we averaged right around 100% margin capture. So that's kind of how we expect things to shake out in the next few months.
Martin Parrish: Prashant, this is Martin. Well, obviously, fourth quarter was a great quarter for ethanol. When you look at it, what really set that up is, we -- in the third quarter, the margin started off really weak. And we were also at the end of crop year corn. So that this wasn't corn available in the industry is pretty -- very low stocks. So there was a lot of run cuts, a lot of early maintenance taken and the plants really didn't rebound. And I'm talking across the industry, I'm not talking just Valero, and get rates back up until early October. And then rates exceeded. I mean in early October rates exceeded the 5-year averages. But what was interesting even with higher rates, inventory just never built. So when you have a low inventory situation that leads to high margins, and that's what we saw. So now the last few weeks of the year and the first few weeks of 2022, we've had significant inventory build. So the margins have come off dramatically. But that being said, we're still probably where we typically are in the first quarter for ethanol margins. And I think what we always are looking at, at ethanol now, though, is the longer term and that's the carbon capture. That's going to provide a great opportunity for us, both from the 45Q and the LCFS. And also we're producing -- start to produce more and more gallons of cellulosic ethanol from corn fiber. So we're optimistic about both of those. We're also just confident that ethanol is going to remain a part of the domestic fuel mix. We expect higher octane blends in the future, namely 95 RON, which means more ethanol blending. And globally, the renewable fuel mandates are going to drive export growth. So we feel really good about ethanol going forward, maybe not this quarter, next quarter. But longer term, we feel really good about ethanol.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Paul, this is Martin. Renewable diesel has held up really well from a demand side in California. It's kind of amazing to me going through COVID what we've seen out there. Obviously, deficits have decreased, and they've decreased because of less carbo or gasoline use and less diesel use, but renewable diesel and for the first half of the year, and that's the latest stats we have is around 23% of the diesel pool in California. So it's -- we're blending in an R23 state-wide, which is pretty amazing. And a lot of imports coming into California to renewable diesel. So it's kind of held up remarkably well. And you can say, well, maybe that's why the credit price is down. But I think really, the credit price has got a lot more to do with just less deficits than it has to do with additional credits from renewable diesel. So we -- that's a great market for us. What really got hurt demand-wise was more in Europe on renewable diesel and probably more in Canada, too, with just the kind of waiting for the CFS. So we expect those 2 to rebound and with that more demand globally.
Martin Parrish: I think if you play it forward, there's really nothing that stops renewable diesel from -- you can blend it really any rate with renewable diesel, right? There's 85% renewable diesel sold in California today. I think CARB's projections are to get somewhere around R40 by 2030. I think a lot of people think that it could be higher than that. So that's California, but you've also got other states considering LCFS. You've got the CFS in Canada that we're looking forward to by the end of this year. And the Canadian decelerate the size of California's market. So that's going to be a big market for us, and we expect that people will over generate credits early when they can, right? That's what happened in California. There was early credit generation, building up a credit bank, and we expect to see the same thing in Canada, which is good for renewable diesel demand.
Martin Parrish: Okay. It's Martin. I'll get started there, Paul. I think we were all looking at the Build Back Better Bill and what was in that on a tax credit basis for SAF and what we saw that incentive level proposed in that bill was not sufficient to attract additional investment to make SAF versus the base case of producing renewable diesel with an existing unit. However, we're still progressing SAF production through our gated engineering process; and concurrently, we're developing customers. There are plenty of customers interested in SAF but a favorable tax credit, something else is going to be required or tax credit or something else to really get over the hump to where SAF is economic to produce relative to producing renewable diesel.  That being said, we're still confident that SAF production is a question of when and not if. We think the margins will eventually work. The SAF is the only way to reduce the carbon intensity of air travel.
Martin Parrish: Yes. On the gap, I mean, we're somewhere probably around the $0.70 a gallon gap still, Paul, to make it economic. On the investment, we're still going through our gated process. So we don't have a number on that yet. We have preliminary numbers, but we don't have a number that we're ready to share yet.
Martin Parrish: That's a good question. This is Martin. What's difficult about this is you're always driving with your rearview mirror, right? The last -- the data lags by 6 months and not complained about that. It makes sense. It's a lot of data. But -- so we're always kind of -- we've got -- at the end of this month, we'll get the third quarter data. I think what's interesting is when you look at it, the credit price obviously depends on credit generation versus deficit generation and COVID certainly reduced deficit generation and it has been since the second quarter of '20. So you have to think the credit prices have been reduced by COVID. And then the other thing that's interesting to me is when you look at the credit generation in 2Q '21, I'd say that it certainly surprised me to the upside. But when you dig into that, there's really 2 line items in the credit generation that stand out. The first was that bio CNG, bio compressed natural gas was 13% of all the 2Q '21 credits, and that line item was up 190% versus 2019. And second, off-road electricity generated 9% of all credits. Now this is off-road, not on-road, and that was up 146% versus 2019. And more interestingly, on the off-road, 71% of those credits came from e-forklifts. so when you think about the bio CNG, the off-road, the e-forklifts, you just wonder if that pace of credit generation can continue on the infrastructure and just really the -- gets in the way, right? I don't know how many times you can replace your forklift to get an e-forklift, but it seems like that would run out at some point. So we'll see how that shakes out. But if you think about those 2 line items, that's, what, 21%, 22% of the credits in California from 2 line items there, which really were very small in the past. So that's just kind of an interesting data. And then the other is biodiesel, renewable diesel and on-road electricity credit generation as a percent of total credits were all flat for 2Q '21 versus 2019 as a whole. That's just a little color. Hopefully, that helps.
