Ashley Smith: Thank you, Angelic. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski our CFO; Rich Marcogliese our COO; Gene Edward ,our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Joe Gorder, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply and Kim Bowers our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com, also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. in summary it says that: statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company’s or management’s expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal Securities Laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I will turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley Smith: Okay thanks Mike, for modeling our second quarter operations you should expect refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges. Gulf Coast at 1.275 million to 1.325 million barrels per day. Mid-continent at 3,80,000 to 3,90,000 barrels per day, North East at 3,30,000 to 3,40,000 barrels per day and West coast at 2,60,000 to 2,70,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $4.15 per barrel which is lower than last quarter due mainly to higher expected throughput volumes. Regarding our ethanol operations in the second quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.15 million gallons per day and operating expenses should average approximately $0.37 per gallon which includes $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of other items in the second quarter we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $120 million and total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $365 million. Regarding our tax rate in this margin environment, small changes and assumptions are yielding a very wide range of results from effective tax rates. So at this point we prefer not to provide guidance which may not be meaningful. We will now open call for questions Angelic.
Ashley Smith: Alex, this is Ashley. When we shut it, however our belief because of the operating costs and just the environment at that refinery, it still wouldn’t have been worth running even if we could have run it.
Ashley Smith: I just want to thank everyone for listening to today’s call. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact me and the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Joe Gorder: The heavy sour discounts improved for a couple of reasons. One we had in (inaudible), two we had fuel-length in Singapore and third we had a flat market structure. Now you have the Maya discounts looked pretty good today. We were shown about $10 a barrel when compared to WTI and that’s a little bit distorted, they are actually stronger than that if you compare them to some of the foreign suite, because we got the dislocation of WTI. So we had factors that affected the discount and improved it. Now today if you look at that, the primary one that still remains is the fuel oil length. The Maya length is cleaned up a little bit and the market structures [didn’t carry], but here again if you compare Maya to a foreign suite, it looks more attractive and it would relative to WTI. Now as far as the foreign barrels go, like [big] heavy, Doug we are not seeing those barrels over here anymore and you know that. If I compare Maya to some of the other heavy sours that we do look at running is right in the ballpark. Venezuelan grades, some of the Columbian grades, we are not seeing it disjointed relative to those.
Joe Gorder: Jeff we are working on the process still and I will tell you that we’ll make our decision here in the second quarter.
Joe Gorder: I will always say that there is a significant amount of potential carryback if we were to have a tax law. Because there is a new tax laws from last year that allows five-year carryback and the large portion of our over $900 million income tax receivable were from earlier years and so we still have a substantial amount if we do actually have the tax laws.
Joe Gorder: Mark, even now they are fairly flat. If you look at Gulf coast versus mid-continent the only difference really that I see is the seven pound, eight pound versus nine pound back.
Joe Gorder: Paul we are seeing you know strong demands for distillates primarily from South America, but also here just recently from Europe. If you look what we did in the first quarter we exported about 80,000 barrels a day on average of distillate, but those numbers are much lower in January and increased through March. If you look at what we are estimating right now for May we are probably at 185,000 barrels a month and you cited some of the issues and we have problems in Chile. Venezuela has refinery problems. Isla is shut down. So you’ve got draws in that market that are pulling significant volumes and here again, the arm to Europe is open by about a penny and a half now. And that’s been a recent phenomenon and so we are moving barrels that way also.
Joe Gorder: You know it’s hard to get great data, but we do know that a lot of the distillate has been on the water has cleaned up and been consumed.
Joe Gorder: In Mexico we had a lot of turnarounds. Venezuela has had refinery operating problems. Isla of course had the power outage and that took a lot of volume out of the market, I mean Isla refinery produced 85,000 barrels a day of gasoline and a 100,000 a day of diesel fuel. That’s not the marketplace today and they were using that to supply other South American countries, so the US Gulf coast right now is filling the void in production there. Is it sustainable, we understand that perhaps by the end of May it will be back up operating, Chile is going to take a while I think to get their production volumes back up and then Venezuela itself I really don’t know.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Blake we would do, I mean we will see the benefit as the contango on the domestic crudes and we do run quite a bit of TI into McKee, Ardmore.
Joe Gorder: If you look at the plant it has one of our lowest liquid volume yields which you know is an issue in this high crude price environment.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, they are all running at capacity or slightly above and permits all the implants right now and that’s reflected in 3.15.
Joe Gorder: You look at US inventories right now, they’re eight million barrels higher than last year which is a pretty sizable number and lot of it is because US demand is still very weak because of very low natural gas prices, so not much resid being consumed here. And we’ve been importing resid at higher levels than over last year as well because of Singapore’s full, Europe is long resid all the time, so the barrels have to come here because Singapore is already full. So it will take a while for the resid to clean up. I think we are going to see this continue for the next few months at least. 
Joe Gorder: It’s going to be beneficial to us to have the Keystone pipeline in place. The timing of it, they are line filling right now, the part that goes down to Steel City and then connects into Patoka and Wood River, the Cushing connection will be in early 2011 I believe and then the next segment that’s going to be worked on is the segment that runs from Cushing down to the US Gulf Coast and our thoughts are that we maybe able to get volume on that before the entire bullet line is complete, at the end of ‘12 or the beginning of 2013.  You know in addition to the Canadian crude that will be beneficial to us longer term though we’ve got the increases in the Columbian production, we’ve got Brazilian heavy suite coming into the market. First we got the Canadian and then we got the medium sour production increases that we are going to see out of Iraq. So as we look at the market for the medium sours and the heavy sours going forward we tend to be fairly optimistic.
Bill Klesse: Well on the part about Del City I don’t think we necessarily see any impact on that, to go through the heart of your question we made money in Canada and we lost money in Paulsboro.
Bill Klesse: Well that clearly a number I still think it is attainable, but when you have lower operating rates in our refining system, we have to adjust for all of that. We continue to make improvements everywhere, we have goals throughout our system. I think some of you know that we took action in the fourth quarter of last year at Paulsboro reducing our operating costs there. So, we have made projects underway that are adjusting our operating costs. We have a target throughout the company of $100 million, but then that’s really addressing mostly things that are at corporate. We also have on top of that optimization, molecule management, strategic sourcing, many other initiatives that will bring it down. But as a goal if we are operating full rate, we’d like to get our cash operating costs down to $3.50 when you have natural gas in its price range. But it’s hard to say give you a good number when we have reduced operating rates.
Bill Klesse: Yes, Valero sell fuels and clearly as the economic activity continues to increase, it will help our business. Today in distillates, we're seeing farm demand, railroad demand very strong. Trucking is lacking. On gasoline, unemployment still at the 9.7% or whatever the number is. Being very high number and the high prices are restrained on gasoline.  However we do see as the economy recovers, the volume's picking up. So, yes we are optimistic, here, we have better margins today. As Joe just said we have better seller discounts today, we are making money here as our releases says in April and we expect to be profitable as Mike said in the second quarter. And I’ve told everyone that we expect to be profitable for the year. Looking at our thoughts on Aruba, we still do not have what we would call solid economics to operate Aruba. So we can tell you to look at our alternatives there. Most likely the alternatives that we tend to be looking at goal on the line of processing. We’ll make that decision here as to how that plan goes forward, most likely in June. About ethanol, we are very pleased with our ethanol business. Gene Edwards and the team have done an excellent job getting us in that business. It's been a solid contributor for us, it’s still in the profit. I think some of you know there is a huge blending margin today. Ethanol’s economic and so we continue to look at opportunities in that business. We have built a strong staff here and so we feel one, that ethanol is going to be part of fuel mix in the United States and two, there is still some opportunity out there for us to continue to grow that business. Capital spending, our number this year, out target is about $2 billion. We complete several big projects this year, the scrubber at Venetia and the heater furnace that's associated with it is very large. We completed MSAT-2 by the end of the year so that will give us the ability to come in with a lower capital. However we do have some big turnarounds next year. But having said that, we also have a couple of projects that we are halfway through and so we are scaling those into our view. So if our profitability continues as I stated a few minutes ago and we have the cash. It is our intent to eventually complete our hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and St. Charles with the timing being somewhere late 2012 at Port Arthur and somewhere in the late 2013 at St. Charles. These projects still have very good rates of return, so we are going to work on them.
Bill Klesse: I have mentioned in the past that we do participate in the paper markets. We have some decisions on, but they are not significant and frankly I view them as confidential.
Bill Klesse: We are still interested in looking at so many of the assets that are for sale in Western Europe. I think you know it is a whole bunch of them and so we will continue to look however but we will be very careful. It is only looking at quality asset. There will be assets that do not require a lot of capital and I assure you that we will be survivors and there will be assets that will generate a rate of return if we do anything.
Bill Klesse: Other than that I don’t really see product margins, being that big premiums to the Gulf coast, just the normal arbitrage.
Bill Klesse: It’s a fair question, but PBF was willing to pay a price for a terminal as we were looking at it and then a shutdown refinery that was in our shareholder’s interest when we looked to that versus all other options. So as we said in some of our releases that we believe we got a very fair value for this, for the state it was in, so we elected to sell to PBF. 
Bill Klesse: Everything I hear is Iran continues to be supplied and some of their old suppliers maybe reducing the volumes, but someone else steps in to fill the void and so I am not sure there’s really been a lot of changes in gasoline movement in Iran.
Bill Klesse: The Canadian margins you should remember include (inaudible) and so when you look at the number that’s the home heating business and our margin for the home heating is significantly harder than it is for fuel. So then as you go into the second quarter, third quarter, they change as your volume drops for home heating, then going back into the fourth quarter. So that’s really the main difference you have as the home heat business in the winter so even though Quebec was warmer this winter than last winter there's still that seasonal effect.
Bill Klesse: Well if you look at our DD&A, it comes up to the whole [company] at about a $1.4 billion and so our target will clearly be as the regulatory capital comes out of the mix that we could bring, get this down into the $1.4 billion of $1.5 billion area. Now that assumes we don’t have anything new on the regulatory and that we finished those kind of thing. Then we have our turnarounds, reliability, investments that could clearly be done in the $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range.
Bill Klesse: Port Arthur for the full project about $900 million and St. Charles about $600 million and when you look at the economics, on the increment, say in the first part is already done even if we took into some tax-effect into considerations or the return is still in the high 20s and if you look at the entire project which is largely driven in a way by very low natural gas prices than equate the hydrogen and then equate the liquids, the project is in high teens. So since we in a way have invested roughly 50% in these projects. At some point it would be our intent to finish it, but we are going to manage that with our available cash.
Bill Klesse: Well of course we have a positive outlook. But right now, it’s trucking that’s lagging. If you take the data 65% or so of US distillate demand is on road diesel. I mentioned already that the farming is strong at the moment and railroads have been strong and clearly the shipping industry is trying to be more efficient, but I am assuming that the US economy will eventually recover and that will see that going. Distillates in the world are going to grow between two to three times at the rate of gasoline and Joe spoke about our export capabilities. As you know these hydrocrackers are plants that have excellent capability. They also at Port Arthur rollout a very high [seeking] product to be produced. So when we look at the world, we believe we can export from the US Gulf Coast or service domestically. So yes, we're optimistic, still in the world. So yes, we're optimistic, still in the world about diesel and distillates.
Bill Klesse: I am going to speak from (inaudible). I know you guys know that I am Chairman of the [MTR] and they have a different position. We think that ethanol from Valero’s perspective is going to be part of the fuel mix. Actually today it is economic even at $3.50 corn. The US farmer has demonstrated and even though people talk about the fuel the US farmer has demonstrated an ability to grow more corn, increasing yields and so we think that ethanol is viable in the fuel mix and so our position is that it should be increased. Then we will have the discussion about cars and which cars can take the fuel, but it is economic and then you also have other issues that we get involved in on this issue. National Security, things (inaudible).
Bill Klesse: We are focusing on Aruba and Paulsboro, we assume that we will close our transaction here in May, so right now that’s where our focus is. However we have a portfolio plan and they are all not equally performing and that’s why we had many initiatives on throughout our system here. But our focus is on the two that you mentioned.
Bill Klesse: Ann it wouldn’t shift because we are trying to improve our portfolio as we every single day. But we will make judgments as to those assets as we go forward.
Bill Klesse: Yes, $365 million was liquidation in the first quarter and then as we mentioned earlier we’ve about another $100 million to go.
Bill Klesse: We are well aware of the experience with MTBE, where it was authorized and there was no effective product liability. So we’ll have to just wait and see what the rules look like, we will see what the autos really do and we will see, that’s why I was answering Chi earlier, there is going to have to be an awful lot of labeling involved if in fact it does become or does enter the market.
Mike Ciskowski: In the North Sea or on the inventory liquidation at Del City we had hedged all those barrels, so there is P&L effect.
Mike Ciskowski: Total current assets at the end of March was $11.3 billion and cash balance was $1.9 billion. Total current liabilities was $8.1 billion. 
Mike Ciskowski: Yes the total current liability is $8.1 billion and then our current maturities are $635 million. So our networking capital is right at $2 billion.
Mike Ciskowski: I think our current forecast shows that we are going to have a taxable income this year, so we don’t expect to have any carry back.
Mike Ciskowski: We still have a little bit to go, I think about a $100 million is what my estimate is current value.
Mike Ciskowski: We do have costs down there presently at Aruba, roughly about $22 million per quarter in DD&A and then in the first quarter we had about $20 million of cash operating expenses. So the total was about $38 million loss at Aruba. We did have some margin there in our marine and terminalling business.
Mike Ciskowski: It will be a very small amount. We do have a small gain on this to where the transaction is currently proposed, contemplated.
