Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. With me today are Lane Riggs, our CEO and President; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; and Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and COO and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted financial metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our investor relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations including those we've described in our earnings release and filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Lane for opening remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Sure. So, John, we haven't really had to lean into the balance sheet for shareholder returns. I mean, in fact, if you look back to 2020, we've been able to fund all of our uses of cash, including over $6.5 billion of capital investments. We've paid down over $4 billion of debt and over $17 billion of shareholder returns over that period all through cash flow from operations. In fact, we've actually built cash since 2020. So I think consistent with what we've been guiding to, given the strength in our balance sheet and our current cash position, we continue to lean into buybacks with a payout ratio at 87% for the second quarter and 80% year-to-date. Again, all funded within cash flow despite a lower margin environment. So I think looking forward in periods where the balance sheet is strong as it is now, we've got sustaining CapEx, the dividend and strategic CapEx covered, you can reasonably think about 40% to 50% as a floor and continue to expect any excess free cash flow go towards share buybacks.
Homer Bhullar: Jason, there's a page, I think Page 24 in the deck, which goes all the way back to 2012 for more color.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Thank you. I appreciate everyone joining us today. As always, feel free to contact the IR team if you have any additional questions. Thank you, and have a great week.
Lane Riggs: Thank you, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We are happy to report strong financial results for the second quarter. Our refineries operated well and achieved 94% throughput capacity utilization. We saw continued strength in our U.S. wholesale system with sales exceeding 1 million barrels per day in the second quarter. We also saw a good contribution from our renewable diesel and ethanol segments. On the strategic front, our growth projects are progressing on schedule. The Diamond Green Diesel sustainable aviation fuel project in Port Arthur is still expected to be operational in the fourth quarter. At which point, DGD is expected to become one of the largest manufacturers of SAF in the world. And we continue to pursue short-cycle, high-return optimization projects around our existing refining assets. On the financial side, we remain committed to shareholder returns with a year-to-date payout of 80%. And last week, we announced a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $1.07 per share. Looking ahead, limited announced capacity additions beyond 2025 should support long-term refining fundamentals. In closing, our team's simple strategy of pursuing excellence in operation return-driven discipline on growth projects and a demonstrated commitment to shareholder returns has underpinned our success and positions us well for the future. So with that, Homer, I'll hand the call back to you.
Lane Riggs: Doug, this is Lane. I'll start and then I'll let Gary follow-up on the TMX question. When you think about our portfolio, the West Coast clearly is the highest cost region we operate in. It's just by virtue of everything that goes on in the West Coast, it's the most expensive to operate with. And historically, the way it works there is you have marginal economics and then the balances would be such that you'd have an allergen, you would sort of experienced a period of higher margins, and then it would go back. So it's really almost a call option on West Coast spreads. And it is a harder place to operate is a more expensive place to operate. And so when you look across the U.S., I mean, I would expect that's probably one of the places that you would ultimately see some refinery closures in this shakes out. And then I'll let Gary.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane. I think if you sort of listen to Gary's opening comments and you think about our -- what we have said is that we do believe going forward, you're going to have a higher margin environment. You're seeing -- we're seeing refinery make cuts what at least we would have historically thought was a mid-cycle and so that -- which is an interesting thing to say, well, there are refineries out there that are seeing marginal economics in the -- historically mid-cycle economic environment. And so that would tell you, we don't know where the lows are. You're telling let's indicate that the call on refining is because of that, there's some thrown that have -- that are cutting in this space. So again, it just reinforces our view that you have a higher margin for our capital and higher mid-cycle going forward.
Lane Riggs: I'll take a shot at the second one. Paul, this is Lane. I don't really see as the world sort of settled on some other places that impacts our operations. We always take signals from the market. We focus on being reliable. We focus on execution. We don't move turnarounds and do things like that based on whether we think the markets good now, not later. Our idea is operational excellence means that we wake up every day, we try to -- where we will execute in a way there were the best operator that we can be, which we think we are the best operator out there. And so we don't really profoundly see any change based on necessarily some sort of different refining outlook.
Gary Simmons: John, this is Gary. I think in the U.S., for the most part, the economy has been fairly resilient and the market fundamentals look pretty similar to what we've been looking at the past couple of years. If you look at our wholesale data, four-week average, our gasoline sales are up about 0.5%. There tends to be a lot of noise in the weekly DOE data. But year-to-date, DOE data would suggest a slight decline in gasoline demand less than 1%. You look at vehicles mile travel, they're up 1.4%, which would again indicate a slight increase in demand for gasoline. I guess the way we're looking at it is, we'd say, year-over-year, gasoline demand in the U.S. is flat. On the diesel side, we're actually showing a pretty good step change in our system on diesel sales, four-week average diesel sales in our system are up 10%. Again, don't necessarily believe that's representative of the broader markets. If you look at year-to-date, diesel sales and the DOE data, it would suggest a decline in diesel demand about 100,000 barrels a day. Directionally, I think that makes sense to us with a little weaker freight numbers early in the year. You didn't really have any help from weather, a little less demand from the upstream sector. However, a lot of that has been offset with the increase in jet demand. So about half of that offset with an increase in jet demand. So maybe distillate demand down slightly. In the U.S., we would say gasoline demand flat year-over-year, distillate demand down slightly. I think the bigger impact has really been for the overall North Atlantic Basin. Certainly, in the North Atlantic Basin, we saw regions with slowing economic activity that negatively impacted, especially demand for diesel. And then it looks like some of the new capacity that came on in the Middle East really never made it to nameplate capacity until early this year. So we saw a bit of a step change in refining runs in the Middle East with a lot of that product making its way into Europe. So some of that early in the year was masked with some of the drone strikes on Russian refining capacity. But the combination of higher refinery runs in the Middle East, a little sluggish economic activity in parts of the Atlantic basin allowed restocking of inventories in the region. So with that, we've obviously seen refinery margins weaken some. We haven't had any type of major weather event take down refining capacity like we've seen the past few years. Of course, we're right in the middle of hurricane season so you still have that potential. So with refinery runs up in the North Atlantic basin lined with a little softer diesel demand, you've seen that restocking. We've gone from well below the five-year average total light product inventory to trending more to the bottom end of the five-year average range. As inventories tend to trend towards the five-year average, you would expect to see margin environment closer to a mid-cycle type margin environment. That's kind of what we're seeing. It does feel as the market has found a bit of a bottom consultant data indicates at least earlier this week, hydroskimming margins in Europe and the Far East were negative, cracking margins in the Far East negative. And if that's correct, and we found the bottom, it is what historically been a mid-cycle type refining margin environment, that's -- it's actually pretty bullish refining going forward. As we move into the third quarter, we'll see -- start to see a little lower utilization, mainly turnarounds affecting refinery utilization. Most of the consultant data actually shows year-over-year demand growth was more weighted to the back end of the year. So hopefully, we see a little bit better demand. Some of the freight indices are starting to turn. Market in Europe looks actually pretty strong, which has closed the arb to send gasoline from Europe to the United States, open the arb to send U.S. Gulf Coast diesel to Europe. So I think you'll see some tightening of supply-demand balances in the near-term. And then longer term, we see very little new refining capacity additions with continued demand growth, which should be bullish margins in the long-term.
Gary Simmons: No, I think we see it the same way. I think you'll see some improvement in economic activity, which will improve diesel demand. And then for us, you've had the impact of Dangote and [Despoc] starting to be absorbed in the market. Offsetting that, there are 600,000 barrels a day of announced refinery closures. We're not sure when the timing of those will actually occur. But as you start to see more refinery rationalization occur, I don't again tighten up the supply-demand balances longer term.
Gary Simmons: Yes. The only thing I'd add to that is we did have the view that with some of the refinery conversions to make renewable fuels that you would see, especially gasoline pretty tight. But if you look from April to the end of June, imports -- gasoline imports into the West Coast were up 70,000 barrels a day. And I think that, combined with a little softer demand is why you're seeing that margin environment on the West Coast that we're seeing today. As far as TMX, TMX started up beginning of May. They didn't load the first cargo out until the end of May. We didn't load our first cargo out until June. So really, any impact you're going to see from TMX wasn't reflected in our second quarter results. You won't start to see that until third quarter.
Gary Simmons: Manav, this is Gary. So I think in the short-term, we've seen heavy sour differentials move a little wider. That was mainly a Mid-Continent refiner that's had a complete power outage that's decreased the demand for Canadian heavy. As we move through the third quarter, you'll see a turnaround activity in the Mid-Continent, especially also decreased demand for Canadian heavy, which is supportive of the differentials. And then longer term, I think the two things you pointed towards, for meaningful, sustainable wider heavy sour differentials, you really need more OPEC production back on the market. We're unsure exactly when that occurs. But yes, our view has been late this year, early next year, you start to see more OPEC barrels on the market, which will create wider heavy sour differentials. The other thing I'd point to is even with where the differentials were in the second quarter, we saw a significant economic uplift by running heavy sour crudes in the second quarter even with where the differential were.
Gary Simmons: Well, I guess I'd just say our wholesale team has done a great job for us on growing our market share. And then some of that has also been due to some of the refinery rationalization that took place, especially during the COVID period. It's allowed us to grow our market share as well.
Gary Simmons: Yes. I'll start with TMX, Paul. Yes, I think that it took a little while for the West Coast market to respond to TMX. If you look though at where ANS was trading prior to the TMX start-up, and kind of where September is trading relative to Brent, ANS has come off in the $1.50 to $2 range, which is in line with what we thought the impact TMX would have on West Coast crude costs. I just don't think you'll see that show up until more third quarter.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So this is Gary. I would tell you our volumes to Mexico were down a little bit. We've been fairly consistently sending about 100,000 barrels a day in the second quarter that was more like 87,000 barrels a day. For us, it's just another knob we have in optimizing our Gulf Coast system. And with where PEMEX was pricing the barrels, we had better alternatives. It's not a shift. Moving forward, we do think you'll see some growth in our Mexico volumes. Our terminal that we'll utilize an Altamira will start up before the end of the year. It will allow us to be more competitive in the Northern Mexico market and allow us to continue to grow our volumes there.
Gary Simmons: Neil, this is Gary. We don't have a lot of visibility into the markets in the Far East. But I would tell you, certainly, what you read is in China, especially diesel demand is down. We see as much as 10% a lot less construction activity there. But for the most part, it looks like they've adjusted refinery runs to say somewhat balanced on exports. Now we would say exports are up slightly. But for the most part, they've adjusted refinery runs to balance demand, and we haven't seen a significant step change in their exports.
Gary Simmons: Yes. The only comment, we don't really give a lot of detail around our wholesale margins. Obviously, the growth is because that's our most -- the positive netback for our Gulf Coast system and our U.S. system, and that's why we continue to push it to grow. So that should be reflected in capture rates going forward, but we don't really give a lot of detail on what those margins are.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I can, roughly. I mean, you look three years ago, we were fairly consistently in the 850,000 barrel range and now over 1 million barrels a day. So somewhere in the neighborhood of 150,000 barrels a day of growth in wholesale is what I'd tell you over the last few years.
Greg Bram: Ryan, this is Greg. I'll talk about our system. So you do see that our throughput guidance considers planned maintenance activity we have in the quarter. So particularly if you take a look at like the North Atlantic, you see that there. Otherwise, I would just say for our system, we're optimizing our refineries in light of these market conditions, just like we always do. So, some of that might be reflected in the guidance as well. But you can definitely see where the planned maintenance activity is having an impact.
Greg Bram: Neil, this is Greg. So we still see good value in coking margins. Gary talked about where the heavy sour crude market has been. That's with our coker online and with the industry running the way it has. So I don't think that we see something that's a big step change going forward. As Gary mentioned, as you put -- as you get some more medium sour, heavy crude into the market later this year that should enhance that value. But right now, it's still a strong opportunity for us still beats our other modes of operation and something we're looking to maximize.
Greg Bram: Yes, Jason, this is Greg. You're right. That was a headwind. I don't know if I have the exact amount. And that will come and go over time, certainly was working against us in the second quarter.
Greg Bram: So this is Greg. Yes, there were a few things going on in the second quarter that I think had some impact specific to this period. One, we always talk about the seasonal RVP change in gasoline and how that can have a negative impact on margin capture as you pull the butane out of the gasoline that you were able to do in the winter time. So certainly, that was a piece. We also saw crude market backwardation fairly strong in second quarter, which impacts crude cost, the acquisition cost for crude. Yes, it was probably $0.80 to $0.90 a barrel relative to prior quarter and even looking back at some of the other periods in time. We talked about the co-products, naphtha propylene in particular. And I think the other thing maybe worth noting that is a bit unique to the second quarter, we always pride ourselves on being able to go secure some of those opportunity feedstocks that we can run in our system, particularly in our Gulf Coast system with all the flexibility we have there. And I would just tell you in the second quarter, just the way the market played out, there just wasn't a lot of that opportunity to be had, not that we weren't looking for it. It's just the way kind of the market shaped up. And so that's a bit unique from what we've seen in the past. And I would expect we'd see those kind of opportunities when we look forward going in future periods.
Eric Fisher: Manav, this is Eric. We were not going to give out like specifics like that. I would say you can look at the various programs, the state programs, the federal tax credits around whether it's BTC or PTC and then the mandate in the EU and the U.K. all kind of give you an indicator of what that uplift will be Argus has got a quote that you can look at. What we would say is that there is a premium of SAF over RD, and it's all going to be give us a margin that will be stronger than RD. And our outlook is that we'll meet the economics of our projects. So all of that looks pretty positive.
Eric Fisher: Yes, that's something everyone is trying to figure out and it's a really difficult dart to throw these days. I think one of the things we look at is, the RIN market still looks oversupplied to us. So as we kind of get into the back end of '24, it looks like the RIN market is long, the California LCFS market will remain long and therefore, we think with fat prices starting to increase, we see compression in RD margins in the back half of '24. The policy things that are coming up, LCFS might expand with California. They're still saying that's going to be a 2025 change. The RIN update for 2026 got pushed to March of '25. But with all the expectations that Ag has on the RFS volumes, we expect that will probably be some sort of increase. So I think longer term in sort of the next one to two years, we see a lot of tailwind for DGD in terms of credit prices. Specific to our platform, we are obviously diversifying into SAF. That's going to be a diversification away from RD with -- that includes a premium to RD. So that looks pretty strong. And then the other thing that will be interesting because this is being looked at now is, are we going to have a BTC or PTC transition January 1. And as we've said in the past, the RIN and the BTC have a relationship that previously, when we discussed the BTC going away, we expected the RIN to increase to keep the biodiesel producer at breakeven. So when you think about a BTC to PTC transition where the PTC is less than $1, there is some view that the RIN will have to pick up the difference in order to keep the biodiesel blender breakeven. So you have a little bit of a discussion of the market and the credits look long but the relationship between BTC, PTC and the RIN has always been somewhat of a factor of rebalancing the market. How fast that happens, how soon that happens, the timing of that, given the elections, those are all kind of up in the air. But I think structurally, as you look forward, all of this looks pretty good for DGD.
Eric Fisher: Yes. We have noticed that there is growing competition for waste oils, we're still the largest importer of foreign waste oils. So if we look at that they were used -- if I compare it to last year, there was a pretty good arb of foreign feedstocks over domestic feedstocks being more advantaged. What we see that is that's largely incorporated and now domestic feedstocks look to be the most attractive from a cost standpoint. From a CI standpoint, those are still all the most advantaged feedstocks for RD, but we do see overall particularly waste oil feedstocks starting to increase. So I would say it looks like feedstock prices have bottomed out here in the second quarter. They're starting to trend up a little bit in the third quarter, largely attributed to some of the start-ups that we see in California.
Eric Fisher: Sure. On the ethanol side, this increased margin is really a result of cheap natural gas prices as well as cheap corn. If you look at all of the carryout numbers for this year, with Brazil having a record crop, the U.S. having a record crop forecasted, the carryout is going to be pretty large. That means we're still carrying a fairly large inventory of corn from last year. The harvest that's coming up is going to be another large inventory. So we -- so I see corn fairly cheap barring weather event between now and harvest or something dramatic in Brazil. So I think the -- I'm positive on the ethanol outlook for the next -- for this -- the rest of this year and into next year. After that, it's always harvest to harvest of what the next outlook will look like after that. As far as Summit, that's not our project. That's really a question for Summit. They just got their approval in Iowa. We still view carbon sequestration as a supportive strategy for ethanol, but that's -- we're just a shipper on that project. So if and when that gets put in the ground where we'll happily hook up to it and provide volume into that system, but we don't really have a whole lot of insight into the project itself.
