Ashley Smith: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Rich Marcogliese, our COO; Gene Edwards, our Executive Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategic Planning; Joe Gorder, our Executive Vice President of Marketing and Supply; and Kim Bowers, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call.  Before we get started, I'd like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley Smith: Okay. For modeling our third quarter operation, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: Gulf Coast at 1.325 million to 1.375 million barrels per day; Mid-Continent at 410,000 to 420,000 barrels per day; Northeast at 370,000 to 380,000 barrels per day; and the West Coast at 250,000 to 260,000 barrels per day. Refinery cash operating expenses are expected to be around $3.85 per barrel, which is higher than the second quarter due mainly to refinery maintenance expenses at Benicia and Aruba and higher expected energy prices.  Regarding our Ethanol operations in the third quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.15 million gallons per day. And operating expenses should average approximately $0.36 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for noncash COGs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items in the third quarter, we expect G&A expense excluding depreciation to be around $135 million. Net interest expense should be around $115 million. Total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $365 million. And our effective tax rate should be approximately 35%.  We will now open the call for questions, Brandy.
Ashley Smith: No, thanks, Brandy. I just want to thank everyone for listening to our call. And if you have any questions, feel free to contact the Investor Relations department. Thank you.
Jeffrey Dietert: I was hoping you could update us on the strategic review at Paulsboro and Aruba, and if there's any update you can give there and include your capital spending expectations on Aruba.
Jeffrey Dietert: For Aruba, just the capital expenditures or turnaround expenses to get it up to operating condition.
Jeffrey Dietert: Also could you update us on -- you've been exporting distillate out of the Gulf Coast. Could you talk about where your July and August volumes are? They continue to hold up nicely.
Joseph Gorder: Yes, Jeff, this is Joe. The second quarter volumes were good, okay? We were over 16,000 a day of gasoline and over 160,000 barrels a day of distillate. They're somewhat tempered in July and August, although still at very good levels. And if you look at some of the factors in the market that have supported the exports over the last couple of quarters, there's still present. Venezuela still struggles to export both gasoline and diesel and are continuing to get it from the U.S. Gulf Coast. The refineries are still down. Mexico's demand exceeds its supply, and it continues to import products. So although we've seen we are close to Europe, for example, now, we still do have significant volumes swimming out on the water.
Joseph Gorder: It's not bad, okay? If I were to look at it on an absolute basis, I mean, I would tell you July was slightly down from June, but June was in a very good level. So we're still seeing it relatively strong, I would say.
Joseph Gorder: Doug, I hate to get into this into too much detail, because we work very hard to establish these relationships where we know we can export the barrels on a consistent basis. But if you'll allow me to just be broad in my brush here, it is the South American countries. Obviously, the closer, the better the economics. But we've taken barrels a little bit further also. And the things that I mentioned, the factors that I mentioned that continue to support the exports are there. And it's anybody's guess at what point in time there might be stabilization of some of those activities. I don't know when and if the Venezuelans are going to restart and run Isla in a reliable way, and when they will improve their internal operations. Addition to the supply issues there, we also have demand increasing down in those markets. And so if the Gulf Coast, because of its low-cost structure and its complex refineries, it's very competitive and allows us with decent cost of products to move into those markets. And I think we'll continue to do that.
Joseph Gorder: Paul, this is Joe, and I'll address that, the crude oil discount question. We were able to secure some cargoes of heavy sour crude at distressed prices. And I would tell you probably delivered into the Gulf on a -- and we're starting to move it in today, but delivered in margin improvement over maybe a Maya price might be, $2 to $4 a barrel.
Joseph Gorder: Maya was about 225,000 barrels a day in the quarter, and that's fairly consistent, maybe up a little bit from where we were in the first quarter. The Arabian crude was about 165,000 barrels a day, and that was fairly consistent with where we were. Now that's the Saudi crude. We got Kuwaity barrels and so on also, but it was all fairly consistent with where we were in the first quarter.
Joseph Gorder: I don't lump it together that way, Mark. But if I told you that barrels from Colombia did increase, we're over 60 a day there. Barrels from Venezuela continue to be right in that 100,000 barrels a day on the heavy sour. Those are really the two big ones that we have, Colombia and Venezuela.
William Klesse: So your numbers are correct then. Well, inventory have been building, but we're still in the heart of the gasoline season. And as Joe just mentioned, we continue to see reasonable exports, especially from the U.S. Gulf Coast. But there is no question, as we said in our press release, that we need the economy to get going here. We need people to get back to work. But we still think that third quarter is going to be okay for us.
William Klesse: This is Klesse. We will continue to run with a higher cash balance. Clearly, we are looking at some of the refineries that are for sale. We've told people that. But whether we are interested at the end of the day remains to be seen. Our capital spending, we had in the release, were about $2.3 billion. And we expect to progress on our Port Arthur hydrocracker project here. So we continue to work on our assets. By the end of this year, we'll finish the big scrub in Benicia and also have the MSA too. And then next year, you'll see us do more strategic projects that we really can improve our basic business. But basically to your question, we're going to run with a higher cash balance.
William Klesse: We had the project years ago, where we were saying we were to save $1 billion from the operations. And a lot of it was going to come from maintenance and other items. And I conceded to all of you that we were having trouble achieving that goal. So we have basically dropped that program and it pulled it much closer in, and are working on what we've been giving as guidance more recently. I mean, that's been an issue we're going to get $100 million savings. Last year, we got -- I'm looking around the room here. We'll give you a number. $215 million. And we have a very detailed list of where this is coming from, and we will exceed the $100 million this year. We'll probably be much closer to over $200 million again. Sounds like it comes on the revenue lines, so it's not at all just costs. But we molecule management and things looking along those lines. But we have a very diligent, focused approach here, but we've pulled that whole goal structure in much closer. When you look at the Salomon benchmarking though, we have a goal in this company that we're going to be first quartile. And that's going to take us a few more years, but we are going to be a first-quartile refiner throughout our portfolio.
William Klesse: Yes. I think at the end of the day, we are going to do it, but we are having trouble articulating it. It was moving around us, so we decided to abandon that and pull closer.
William Klesse: I don't think it's the last thing at all. If we still had issues in Washington, we would be talking about it. But I believe that, at least for this year, I'll say the realization of the impact of what was being discussed in Waxman-Markey or Kerry-Lieberman in fact settled in. And so there is not a consensus for this, and that we do not see anything that is going to happen this year, at least, prior to the elections. And then we'll see what happens at the elections. But those bills are bad for the United States. They're bad for jobs. They're bad for Valero. They're bad for energy. They're just not in the interest, and it's hard for me to understand how these things get generated. But today, we think it's a bad quarter, and there'll probably be an issue that'll come in after the elections.
William Klesse: I think it would be both of the two items. It would be our total debt and also our confidence. But this is a board item, and we would -- with those two in mind, as they progress, that's when we would look at it. But I will tell you today, we, management, will not recommend to our board a dividend increase.
William Klesse: Debt is high in this environment, and also there's still a lot of uncertainty. We need an economic recovery. This business sells fuels. All of you that write about us, recommends us and invest in us, we sells fuels, and we need this economy to get moving.
William Klesse: I guess we would be then talking about butanes and -- but what's happened is, as we've had to drop vapor pressures to basically accommodate ethanol, we've actually had to push out on the blending fuel pool: butanes, pentane, isopentanes and things like that. So to be honest, that's not something we're focused on.
William Klesse: The discounts would have to get much wider, but remember, there is a mandate to use ethanol. So even with wider discounts, probably the olefins, the petrochemical side would see more of a benefit than I'd say the refining side.
William Klesse: We are still interested in Europe, but only for a quality asset or assets that we think can actually could fit into our portfolio and lifts our portfolio. Valero is a refining company, and we process oils into fuels. I think you guys all know that 81% of our volume is either gasoline, diesel or turbine fuel. But Europe is a big economy. It's a very large market, it's "15 million barrel a day" market. Diesel demand is still growing, and along gasoline, gives you the North Atlantic arbitrage. Political risk diversification, as Paul asked me earlier, I mean there is a higher level of risk in United States than it used to be. The market intelligence knowledge that we gain, weaker assets are shutting down. We're starting to see that. We saw one of our competitors make an announcement about one of their facilities over in Europe. And the bottom line would be a major diversification for us, so we're still interested. But as I've told many of you when we met one-on-one, Valero is going to only do something that we absolutely believe is in our shareholders' interest.
William Klesse: We're not -- I told people it's going to be in the same range of what we are doing, but we are actually in the middle of this strategic planning. So we do intend to try to advance our hydrocracker projects that we basically have 40% or so invested in already.
William Klesse: In Aruba, because we'll have a contribution margin, and we are also able to, as I said, reach this agreement with the government going forward here. So people -- these are negotiations and people are acting in good sense.
William Klesse: It's a very fair question, but we are still committed to looking at strategic alternatives for that plant.
William Klesse: Yes, we're comfortable with our portfolio here, except for the items that we've talked about previously. If you look at our Houston refinery, it really is tied with our Texas City refinery. And it's actually been running very well, and our people there have just done an excellent job. At our Three Rivers refinery, we're somewhat tied to Corpus Christi, but that's also where we make DTX. And so if you look at the structure there, we've actually made some decent money selling benzene here. So these plants have been doing a good job for us, and we have a major effort under way at Three Rivers, where all our people, where we're looking at how we operate the entire facility, which will get our costs even down more. The guys just reminded me here, all these oil production that's going on in the Eagle Ford, actually, it has the potential to help Three Rivers also.
William Klesse: Sure, we're looking at, I've mentioned this in, again, previous calls, we're looking at a couple of small hydrogen plants at our facilities, both McKee and Memphis. There, the only hydrogen we have available is from reforming, and then the world we're live in here today, and we got into quite a discussion, I guess, a year or so go on this, but in the world we live today, you really you should be generating a hydrogen from natural gas, not from oil, and if you don't need the octane because of ethanol doing it. So we have those projects in the mill. Rich, you want to...
William Klesse: And we have some little things that are in there too. But they are to be -- tend to be -- you'll see us next year doing more, what I call it, they're economic. We call them strategic but they're economic driven.
William Klesse: And then we have the turnaround in the refinery there in the first quarter next year, and this is a huge project. This is $650-million project counting the computer, and so we get that done this year. We have a turnaround at the refinery in the first quarter. So there is a lot of expense capital going into Benicia.
Michael Ciskowski: Sure, I can go ahead and address that, Doug. The unscheduled downtime impact was primarily related to a cat unit outage at the McKee refinery. That was in the middle of June and extended through the first part of July. It added about $15 million impact on the second quarter business. And then also, we saw a downtime on the fluid coker in Benicia. That had occurred on June 20. That had about $15 million impact on the quarter. Now the Benicia coker outage will extend until the late part of August. So it will about 60-day outage, so we'll see some carryover into the third quarter numbers. In total for the second quarter, unscheduled downtime would be around the $50 million level, kind of...
Michael Ciskowski: Well, I do think there is potential to increase the amount of cost savings in the business and/or drive first quarter top line.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, Paul, this is Mike. On our trading, we had $39 million of income this quarter. So we had a good quarter.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, in the second quarter, on an overall basis, it was up 0.7% in the second quarter of '10 versus the second quarter of '09. That's in the U.S. In Canada, it's actually up about 4.9%.
Michael Ciskowski: Yes, the regulatory is pretty much about the same. Sustaining is down about $100 million. Turnaround's up about $100 million, and strategic is up about $200 million.
Michael Ciskowski: Not right now, we're still evaluating the financial reform. But most of our trading activities is already cleared through an exchange, and so we don't see a big incremental increase in our margin requirements.
Michael Ciskowski: And then you asked about the inventory. There's no material inventory adjustment in our second quarter numbers. I think the discounts, the heavy sour crude discounts have been pretty good or strong in the second quarter, really contributed to our capture.
Michael Ciskowski: I guess the price range there, it's roughly $110 million, $115 million improvement quarter-to-quarter.
Michael Ciskowski: I mean total costs were -- of all of those components that I listed in the speaker notes, energy was the smallest amount improvement.
Richard Marcogliese: Paul, if I might add to that. This is Rich Marcogliese. We are working through the number of our structural issues in the refining system. Earlier this year, we completed the remap of our Memphis cat cracker, which was a high-maintenance cat unit. In the second quarter of next year, we'll do a revamp on the St. Charles, this millisecond cat cracker, which is also a high-maintenance unit. And next year, we'll also complete the replacement of all six coker on Port Arthur refinery which has been a high-maintenance coker. So as we advance along in time, we are going to eliminate a lot of the high-maintenance-related issues that have come along with our acquisition process.
Richard Marcogliese: Mark, this is Rich Marcogliese. There is an operational component comparing second quarter versus first quarter. First quarter was a very heavy turnaround period for us. We have St. Charles refinery down entirely in the first quarter, and we have the cat cracker at Port Arthur down in the first quarter or what was the 55-day turnaround. So you actually saw a big rebound in capacity utilization in the Gulf Coast that two of our more profitable refineries in the second quarter that impacted the results.
Richard Marcogliese: Yes, I'd add a couple more, also associated with the St. Charles and FCC revamp, we're going to install a large power recovery turbine that will contribute about $10 million a year in operating income. That is a plan we have there, so it's also another important project.
Richard Marcogliese: Well, what I would say on the West Coast, what we're looking to get behind of is the completion of this large scrubber project at Benicia. That will complete construction in the fourth quarter of this year, which actually positions the refinery fairly well from an air emissions compliance point of view and will allow us to increase capacity utilization.
Richard Marcogliese: No, we did not have any coker shutdowns in the second quarter. Now we always evaluate asphalt economics versus coker runs and we make moderate coker throughput based on that, particularly our Corpus Christi refinery. But generally, we had good utilization of the cokers across the quarter in line with the Maya differentials.
Richard Marcogliese: I'd say with the exception of where asphalt economics, we're superior to resid conversion. I would say it's the highest that we have ever seen for a coker throughput. But certainly, it's been improved over the less 12 months.
Richard Marcogliese: That is really it, and it's really it for the balance of the year. We'll get Benicia ramped up in the latter part of August. A lot of planning is underway for a very large workload in the first quarter of '11. As I mentioned before, we'll have the millisecond cat cracker turnaround in St. Charles. We'll have a crude unit in coke drum replacement turnaround at the Port Arthur refinery. We've got plant-wide turnaround in Ardmore that will hit the first quarter of next year. So we've got a good opportunity now to get all of our planning done anticipating that activity later.
S. Edwards: Paul, this is Gene. We've been looking at a lot of assets over there, and so we know what's on the market. But as of today, there has been no transactions. So it's really kind of hard to tell what the bid-offer spreads really are. You don't really know what the end of the bidders maybe at. We kind of know what we see values at. I kind of sense that it is more of a buyer's market but -- yet, there's been those transactions. It's impossible to say what the ask really is.
S. Edwards: Mark, this is Gene. The way we look at it, right now ethanol is trading for about $0.13 under gasoline. And on top of that, there's the $0.45 blender's credit. So the ethanol plants really are not even capturing the credit. The credit is being captured by the people that blend the ethanol. So from an ethanol manufacturing standpoint, it's almost irrelevant today. It could be relevant in the future if things change and ethanol tightens up and even if you capture the full blending margin, plus capture the credit. I mean that'd be a great scenario from ethanol producers' standpoint, but in fact today, it's not being captured there. So it doesn't factor into our ethanol plant economics at all.
S. Edwards: Yes, I do, because you'd still have the blending margin of $0.30 a gallon to blend the ethanol even with current prices, whether the credit was there or not. but So you would not see blending back down on one barrel because of credit being gone.
S. Edwards: Yes, on the hydrocracker projects, we're looking at late-2012 completion for Port Arthur, and we're envisioning a late-2013 completion on St. Charles.
