Bill Klesse: Okay, Doug, the $2 that we’re talking about is the transportation cost. It’s really the board flagship to take the crude from the port in Corpus up into Quebec. And I am trying to remember what the advantage was on a per barrel basis for running that oil. I think at the time we moved it, it was fairly even with the alternative, but I think what the guys found and Lane can speak to this, what the guys found when they ran the oil in that plant was it cracked very well and it was a strong yield.
Bill Klesse: Yes, they would.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, great talking to you guys, thank you.
Bill Klesse: Yeah.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Okay. And then looking a bit longer term at Quebec City, after you come out from the turnaround and maybe on in through the end of 2013, assuming the price differentials and relative yields for the Eagle Ford crude, justify replacement with the alternate supplies, how big could that be, what portion of throughput at Quebec City could you be running from say, Texas based crudes by the end of the year.
Bill Klesse: Hey, Roger.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities :  Guess, I’d like to first hitch you on the operating cost, the $4 that you mentioned obviously higher natural gas. So just wanted to kind of confirm is that effectively the natural gas cost or is there something else going through, because obviously with the higher throughput expected in Q2, with kind of on a per barrel basis maybe see that a little lower than Q1.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, all right. Well, relative and you’re really looking at Maya pricing when you’re talking about the heavy sour. But WTS strengthened with the longhorn of startup and essentially WTS realigning itself with WTI, you remember last year we had that huge discount of TS to TI and that certainly helped to expand that Maya discount. The other thing we’ve had is, WTI has strengthened relative to Brent and so, as that come in, you’ve had the whole heavy sour complex come in and draw closer to a WTI price crude. And then you got the final factor that’s the K factor has lagged and they’ve used that, PEMEX uses that to adjust the price of their crude to kind of keep it at a market parity with alternatives and they’ve lagged, and they’re limited as to how much they can move it in a month without going before the government to get approvals and so they’ve just lagged. Now, we know we’re going to get an improvement next month. So, this discount will improve further, but those are the three primary factors that affected the heavy sours.  The medium sours have improved just recently, that’s really a result, I think of a lot more Middle Eastern crudes being into Gulf. And we had our guidance estimated and we’re from 8 million to 10 million additional barrels, we are in the Gulf during the quarter. So that helped that. And then, when you look at longer term, I think there is certain refineries in the Gulf that were going to end up running a lot more Arab crude than they would have Maya crude or a domestic medium sour crude and that’s going to put more of it back in the market. And just as a more general statement, anytime you end up with more crude in a particular market is going to put pressure on the entire complex because you’ll look at substituting. And since the extent that we move Midland barrels into the Gulf, and there is susceptible to Houston refineries and other refineries, you’re going to see additional pressure on both the medium and the heavy sellers.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Bill Klesse: Maybe I’ll add a little more for you. So when you look at the Mississippi River, we’re doing what others are doing. We are barging every crude down and also we are looking at rail facilities to bring into our St. Charles and those refineries. If you start to move west of course Keystone pipeline is being built to southern Lake and that’s where and Joe speaking of seeing more heavy crude come down. We expect to see heavy crude come into Port Arthur, as well as more in the Houston through all of the other pipelines and of course Keystone.  Then you jump back and when there is a foreign imports, you have to look to Venezuela and what actually happens in Venezuela as we go forward, and when they have had and this is the truth, when they have operating issues with some of the upgraders things like that we get to see more of these type of oil that we can process in our hardware available. So you have all this moving parts, but generally speaking Valero wants more heavy sour crude oil in the U.S. Gulf Coast because we are a big border.
Bill Klesse: I’ll try to answer part of this. Of course we have, we still believe Keystone now (inaudible) with the Northern Lake XL, we still believe that we’ll be approved and it will be built. It’s a pipeline. This has nothing to do with the pipeline. It’s all about the oil sands. And just a little trivia here, the carbon, the greenhouse gas emissions from produce and California having crude are actually higher than it is for the oil sands and one coal power plant produces like 25% of the greenhouse gas emissions from the oil sands. I mean, this is all just ridiculous conversation that’s going on. But part of the railcars that we have purchased are insulated and coiled, so that we can move the raw bitumen just as other companies are trying to balance between WCS and Bakken and those type of crudes as well as the pure bitumen. And so we’ve try to estimate how we will supply our refineries down the road and have purchased our railcars accordingly and those railcars will be delivered to us really through the end of 2014. So they come to us every month.
Bill Klesse: Good morning, Evan.Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Yeah. Sorry if I missed some of the opening comments, but, I mean can you provide any additional color on hydrocracker issue at Port Arthur in the quarter and whether it rolled over into the second quarter, and just confirm you remain on track for the St. Charles start up.
Bill Klesse: So those have been repaired and that part of the project is going just fine as Ashley said and at St. Charles it’s going to be late second quarter. We’ll get oil in the year, but we’ll really be starting up in July. And we are having in a sense of difficulties getting this job done, but it’s not through lack of effort.Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  Okay. Got it. I know you guys quantified potential RIN exposure year-on-year. I was just curious if there was any strategy to mitigate that number? I noticed Diamond Green start up. So obviously going to give you incremental, more valuable diesel RINs and, I don’t know, but building new terminals to blend anything else that you’re doing that could mitigate that potential cost. 
Bill Klesse: I think what I would here is the way Joe is describing this is what RINs have become as part of our cost to manufacture and then in our decision making. So if you have a $0.60 RIN or whatever it is, $0.50, $0.60, $0.70 today, it becomes, gets into our cost to manufacture and then it works through all our modeling, so that that helps you drive your LP economics and that’s really the point here. It gives you more of an incentive in this, for instance, to make jet fuel and diesel or whatever, and that’s how it works through the modeling.Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Then lastly, if I could, and I know you’ve benefited from some distressed event cargos that were in the market last couple of quarters. So maybe you’ve seen that, and are you still seeing some volume there or have they have been pulled back given kind of MA is back up and running? That’s it.
Bill Klesse: Well, yes. I think we continue to see them from time to time. And it’s certainly not ratable, Evan. So it’s really kind of hard to say whether it’s more or less than it has been or when that might change, but they’re is still available.Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Appreciate it, guys.
Bill Klesse: Well, for just the question on debt reduction, this is all the debt that we are maturing this year. So that will leave Valero with about $6.6 billion of long-term debt. Next year we have about $200 million of maturing debt. I would assume we’re going to pay that off. The year after that we have $500 million in the next year. That, at least today I would tell you we would pay off. So that takes out quite a few years, and that’s the maturing debt. As far as calling debt, we do not have any debt that is economic for the company to call. So, that’s to your question. I think you asked me a little broader question and that is I don’t know where you came in the call, but so far this year we’ve brought over 9 million shares of our stock. We’ve been out of the market obviously the last few weeks as we have to be. We’ll be out of the market for a while here while this settles out with CTS, but we think our stock is still undervalued and we, as Ashley said in this comments, we’re returning cash to our shareholders.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, the numbers that we’ve shown you in our presentations after the two hydrocrackers would take us up to about 39% of the total distillate yield. And I’ve mentioned in the past that when we finish these expansions and do our conversion at [Morro] we’ll be into the low-40s%, I’ve used as 42%, 43% of our yield. And really for Valero, we’re kind of unique then at that point because we’ll have a gas to distillate ratio of about 1:1, which is very unusual for a U.S. refining company.
Bill Klesse: Well, theoretically we don’t hit the blend wall this year anyway, theoretically…Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Right.
Bill Klesse: I would not have an answer. They are aware that there is this large, where they aware that the cars manufacturers had not changed their warranties and they are aware of this fuel pump issue. So, but I don’t know if they’ve said anything else.Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, okay, great, well thanks Bill, I appreciate the comments.
Bill Klesse: Now, I do say, there are going to be hearings, and there is an awareness that there is a problem growing that is of significance. So, you do have awareness, the rest of this is, I am just an engineer working in an oil company, refining company here, you tell me about politics.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well, as you know we look to you as the spokesman of the industry Bill, with this regards what Washington is going to do and I think you’ve been quite clear on this. I am just worried that the EPAs poorly, arguably prefers high gasoline prices for efficiency reasons and the politicians aren’t concerned because the gasoline price is relatively low.
Bill Klesse: Well, I would not disagree with the second part of that, I would not put where it’s in the EPAs mouth that they run high gasoline prices.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, certainly change the subject. You’re pursuing obviously that the organic projects that you have, is there anything on M&A asset market transactions. Obviously you’ve been busy with the CST thing, but is there anything to say about any other potential changes to your asset base at refining level I know you’ve referenced pipelines and trains? Thanks. 
Bill Klesse: Well I think as the [Saudi] refinery comes online part of its parts will clearly be directed to the Houston Mediterranean and into the Med. Clearly some of the Indian Reliance players have moved that way as well as moving to South East Asia. You also have some Chinese projects that are coming online. But I think you have to come back to lease the U.S. Gulf Coast capability here to be very, very competitive. And so if you look at our natural gas cost relative to other refiners, if think about the crude and at least the differentials that Joe spoke to earlier against world markets, there is no doubt in our mind. Even though we’ve had now I will ask about Brent and other things happening that eventually all less is going to go below Brent. We really do believe that this is what’s going to happen. So our crude situation, pricing is very strong. And then you look to new refinery construction, the Brazilian refinery that I guess is going to get done some time here, they’re now up to 16 billion to 20 billion for a 230,000 barrel a day refinery. I think any, and those economies are growing whether it’s Mexico, Colombia or Brazil. So any of these guys that have talked about building a refinery like Ecuador, I just find it personally extremely hard to believe that those countries will spend money to do that. So I think that U.S. Gulf Coast can compete very well into those markets and I think we’ll still send this to Northern Europe. So I think we’re competitive. I think the markets are there for us and U.S. still is a huge market that consumes product as well. So I think you have to have the export markets otherwise U.S. refinery operating rate is going to drop significantly.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Yeah, we tend to agree, Bill and it’s worth noting that the market cap of your company is not far from what that one refinery this system is going to cost in Brazil is going crazy. Anyway thanks a lot.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, we do not have the permit is the reason. We have to get our permit.Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, what is the turnaround time for permit, when did you guys filing when did you, when would you expect to get a permit.
Bill Klesse: I don’t know when we file. But, the way it’s going now because Texas is not issuing the Greenhouse Gas permit because we have this dispute going now, this is Texas. Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay.
Bill Klesse: The pay back, of course we make sure it depends on your assumption as to the crude pricing. Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes all right
Bill Klesse: But we have other things going on just and I’m going to tell you just like everybody else in where we’re pushing out medium type crude oils throughout our system to put, be able to handle more of the light crudes. And so, we can run in our system now. I think it’s 680,000 barrels a day. I know we have… 
Bill Klesse: 680,000 barrels a day of lighter sweet crudes in our system and we have other projects underway to debottleneck here change and exchange there, move some of the light ends over here and we have quite an effort going on in our engineering groups because we believe this oils is going to be discount.Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  And I guess the big thing was to ensure you kind of don’t lose on utilization, the op cost don’t go crazy. It sounds like you’re that’s the purpose of these projects, you can maintain utilization rates and the op cost will still look reasonable.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I mean, I think if you look at gasoline today you’d say we could accommodate 225,000 barrels a day and we’ll feel like take that up to 250,000 barrels a day or more going forward. And then diesel, it’s about 280,000 barrels a day, and that goes up to 400,000 barrels a day to 425,000 barrels a day with some of the projects we’ve got underway and the projects we’re really focused on tankage, some typing, some dark work. The tankage would allow for additional segregation, which will enable us to keep higher quality, distillate it, segregate it in and then we can capture the premium when we export. 
Bill Klesse: Yeah, I think your comments are fair. But we’re making money in Europe, in U.K in our business. We’ve been able to move gasoline into East Coast. We moved gasoline to Quebec. We shift some gasoline to Brazil. The distillate is going back still towards Europe. So, yeah, I think we have a very sound Atlantic Basin strategy when you consider Pembroke, our Quebec City refinery and then our Gulf Coast operations. So, but yes, the best place in the world to refine today is the U.S. Gulf Coast and, so that’s got to be true, but I don’t why. I think our position is good.
Bill Klesse: Okay. So the numbers you say are fine. And I’d said really eight would be floor, you probably need 10 and 12. Part of it gets into what you’re comparing at against, whether it’s against Brent, LLS or this now our cookers under water.
Bill Klesse: Sure. I think well, Lame, maybe if you couldn’t him very well. If we can make asphalt with some of our plants like Corpus, we’d make asphalt. Then if you have a spare coker, we are looking, now if you have a spare coker if you have optionality and then you look at our fuel oil economics. And so we would balance those as well. Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Bill Klesse: You want the number for…Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: What is the opportunity cost related to the downtime in your Gulf Coast system and in your West Coast system in the first quarter.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, hang on, we’re going to get there, hold on one second. Including turnaround activity, yeah, I’m going to have to break this out.
Bill Klesse: And so, that’s just on the unplanned downtime, plus you want the impact of turnarounds?Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yes, please.
Bill Klesse: Okay, thanks John. And thank you for joining our call today, please visit our website or contact investor relations for this call information.
Lane Riggs: That's right, exactly right. It had better yield than we had anticipated.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, thanks for that. I guess my follow up is kind of a related question. We sort of move to some facilities in place over time to move crude to the West Coast, I'm just curious if you guys have got similar things in the works and actually you could fit in the context of how you see your deliberations over an MLP and ultimately how you would invest in infrastructure to maybe (inaudible), and I'll get down. Thanks.
Lane Riggs: Hey, this is Lane Rigg, the only other part to that is, that Quebec which is one of our lower operating cost refineries, is in a big turn around that you have their capacity at lower operating cost.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, all right, that’s helpful. And then, understood that and very helpful with the Light Crude that you’re running on the Gulf Coast at discounted LLS, I was wondering if you could help us understand something what’s been moving around the light, heavy spread more or less from the beginning of this year through early I guess April or compressed and that’s widened a little bit since then, but we’ve heard different stories, that we’re were in and out of the market, Venezuelan crudes. I was just wondering what you all have seen along that line.
Lane Riggs: Well, hi, Evan. This is Lane. So we had an emergency shutdown valve that we, it wasn’t working properly. So we had to remove it and had to shift off. We found there was a manufacturing error in the valve and actually we’re able to take one from St. Charles or St. Charles projects who are essentially carbon copies of one another and put it in place and so this was all like and actually, this was really sort of a March conversation. So now we’re running fine and don’t expect this to have any implications for the second quarter.
Lane Riggs: Yeah, the initiating event for when this – we had a (inaudible) compressor trip on a lost field and that caused this emergency shutdown valve to close and then it wouldn’t open.
Lane Riggs: This is Lane again, it is a little heavier than I would say our average year is, and we don't have any really big turnaround other than finishing this Quebec turnaround up here in June literally for the rest of the year. Next year is a little bit more towards our average turnaround, which as you know, so we give (inaudible) it's about $600 million year on, somewhere between $400 million and $600 million a year, we are on the $600 million a year side, we’re a little bit lower than that next year, but with the range of turnaround work.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: That's helpful, and then just on these crude topping facilities, $250 million I guess is the average, any idea or sort of a pay back period for those types of things, and they really sort of looking at splitting off the light ends and then exporting the light ends or moving them around the system.  
Lane Riggs: Other events of break in, if we can make asphalt, it’s actually – if you have the ability to market asphalt versus an open coker you’d be marketing asphalt, but versus fuel you would coke LLC. So that’s sort of that, but we’re right there. We’re right at the breakeven on the coker.
Joe Gorder: I think that you’re certainly going to have ample supply of these crudes in the Gulf. As far as the bottlenecks, I think they’re working very hard to elevate that now. I guess we’ve got a long hard point start up that’s going to bring 75 a day and then up to 225 here very soon. Seaway is working on resolving their issues, and the host of other alternatives. I do think, we’re going to see ample supply throughout this heavy sour crude in the Houston market.Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Joe.
Joe Gorder: Evan, we’re looking throughout the system to just find every opportunity that we can to blend more. We continue to look at the economics on every export cargo to decide if ARB is better to keep it here to go ahead and put it on the water considering the cost of the RIN. We’ve adjusted product yields throughout the quarter and we’ll continue to do that. For example, we produced more jet when it was economic to do that, but the economics don’t favor that today. So we moved back and then we’ve got a very aggressive effort to try to support, change to the regulations as they are and you may want to talk more about that, those activities. But, I mean, we are working those issues in every way we can just to try to make this problem less of a problem for us. I think we’re still very comfortable with the estimates we’ve given you for this year and that’s $500 million to $750 million range. But the squeeze that we’ve had that’s driven the prices up where they are is going to be with us unless we get some kind of relief.
Joe Gorder: So that Corpus and at Houston that Bill is explaining, were crude short first with the downstream and they’re $220 million to $280 million a piece and incremental crude is, I guess Houston 90 day and Corpus is…
Joe Gorder: That is a rough estimate based on market margins and impacts due to the turnarounds and unplanned outages.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, very good, Thank you.
Mike Ciskowski: The number is more or like, it’s between $500 million and $600 million. It is what we have in our 2013 spend.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.:  Okay, thank you.
Mike Ciskowski: So the question is the naphtha like that all refiners are seeing. And that’s correct. And you are seeing more what I’ll call low octane blend stocks coming toward the refiner from the NGL piece. So for us in particular yes, we are blending the naphtha where we have enough octane. Also what’s happening is as the price of naphtha which we expect what you said to occur as well you’ll go ahead and restart or increase your runs through your rate former. But even though we want to make hydrogen from natural gas the facts are because the naphtha pricing you may go ahead and run your reformer as well.  So we are doing that and looking at that, and then it depends on what severity you actually run at your reform. And then of course the last option is that naphtha could potentially be exported. And we as everybody else in our industry, we will look at all of those numbers and pick the best course. And that’s what we are doing and I’m sure everybody else is. Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Here we are standing, can you provide under what circumstances that you really choose one option, or that has too many moving part that can’t really give one rule of thumb.  
Mike Ciskowski: Well you really have to run it through your models to be honest with you, but I suspect first option is the buoyant, the second option it will be to run our reformer. And the third and run it at different severities. And then the third option is meaning you just can’t get rid of it internally that the price will be the option will be to export.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I mean, we are seeing heavy crudes moves up right, we’re moving it by barge, we’ll be moving it by rail in the St. Charles. And we’re seeing some come down the Seaway that’s get consumed. Then you go back to the more tradition, there is going to be more there from the U.S. and actually from North America. Then you look into towards South America, the traditional sources. And we continue to be a large purchaser of crude from South American producers and even though those crudes have a Maya basis there is agreements that we haven’t place that vary the price on that. And so, we’ve been able to continue to get heavy sour crudes priced in if Maya prices are better. 
Mike Ciskowski: (inaudible) we have a little bit of because the unit was sort of not performing at its best, as went into the turnaround so we’re gaining some capacity back on crude distillation we’re putting in this energy efficiency project, which allows to improve the yield of diesel off the unit, but yes the expansion that we spoken about the last year call and investor relations is really is in the 2014. Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay
Mike Ciskowski: Just like California, just like the East Coast.Faisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Mike Ciskowski: It’s a fair reading in the sense of you have to make your own assumptions, but as to these differentials making more distill, what’s the distillate crack. But these are why we’re doing those projects we think they fit exactly with how the markets are shaping up.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Mike Ciskowski: And so we’ll run and outpace, I would not say to you in other words if we’re making more money and our operating costs go up for a barrel basis, I guess I say so why. Okay. So we would be focused on a) we have to hit ex-op cost. What we would want to do is make more money overall.Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: That makes sense. Thank you so much
Unidentified Company Representative: It could build one - you could still we’re not for sale, but you could buy all of the Valero for about 1.5 refineries, crazy. Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks Bill.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, Arjun this is (inaudible) we’re just talking about these front end, the topping projects.Arjun Narayana Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Yeah. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, you can spare your coker, it would be, yes, you’re right.Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much.
