William R. Klesse: So this is Clark. We were basically out of the market in February, and March because of our pending management change, which our legal advice was we could not be up buying our stock and then in March because of the earnings, the whole period of February, March and then in the April here with the earnings. So we've really just been, in a way, blacked out or locked out of the market. There's no change in our strategy here. Returning cash to the shareholders, and our dividend, which we raised in January, and then buying our shares.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Second question (indiscernible) that I mean how fast do you guys want to grow the LP EBITDA or distribution growth you want to talk about during the initial year. I think that's two school of thought amongst some of your peers, one is that want to grow the LP as quickly as they could so that they would get to a size they can use their own balance sheet to raise that to fund future growth. The other school is that they want to be just in the high teen what is the school of thought that you guys belong.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Roger. Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Could we talk a little bit about Gulf Coast volumes here in the second quarter and then within that broader kind of expectation, generally speaking, volume has been better in the last two quarters, then I think kind of or at the higher end of the range of expectations, can you walk us through what's happening in the Gulf Coast and then maybe what could push that to the higher end of the range again. 
William R. Klesse: We choose not to disclose that until after the turnarounds, until the following quarter when the turnarounds are complete. The numbers are in terms of the overall volume metric they were actually the initial comments in terms of the guidance on the volume.
William R. Klesse: Okay. Well, the independents are a bigger segment of the business today than it used to be for sure, and I think that will continue. So that's one of the major changes in refining is that the independent segment has far more weight, and I think we react quicker to market influences. But Valero, we’re a company that’s put together bunch of assets and a bunch of people. Some of those assets were under invested in some were operated very poorly. But we come together with one culture and we have one goal, and it’s really to perform with excellence. We’ve improved our operations tremendously over the last few years, we’re a for more reliable operators are much, much better operator, in that thanks goes to our people being very focused on excellence, respect for each other, hard work, safety, and teamwork. Valero is one company and you knowing our history, all the acquisitions, but we’re one company. This business, though, far it's going to continue to be volatile, it will be seasonal, but it’s made up a very hard working people and I always like the point this out to people, this industry pays taxes and we give a product to society that makes peoples lives better. The world needs the oil and gas for regardless of the rhetoric that people talk about. Oil and gas is inexpensive, and it, I mean, frankly, the developing world has have oil and gas. All the alternatives, and we know them all and we know all the cost structures, and except for ethanol, that has been able to work into the fuel mix all the rest of these alternatives are too expensive, inefficient, and will do absolutely nothing to improve the environment. And it's a waste of money. Well, I think we're very competitive very well, competitively positioned, and we had value to society, and Valero has a very bright future and no question that the crude oil and natural gas that’s happening in North America is the biggest thing in my career, and I'm sure in Gene's as well, and its having a tremendous influence on all manufacturing in the United States that people thought was really last forever because the jobs in our industry really do allow people to on their own educate their kids and retire with benefits.Evan Calio – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:  That’s great. I have a second question. There is a current debate regarding the impact of current battery, crude inventories are well above five year highs and a continuing heavy turnaround through the second quarter of this year and just how fold the system might be as it relates to Gulf Coast crude differentials. I know batteries are big place, I was wondering if you comment on what you’re seeing in the physical inventory market. I know you have talked on the conversation side, but how many tank tops are general inventory levels that you’re seeing in various Gulf Coast storage reasons, I'll leave it at that. Thanks.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Jeff.Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: Good morning. My congratulations to Bill and Gene and appreciate all you education and knowledge and being an industry statement for the last many years. I’d like to focus on some of the medium sour crudes on the Gulf Coast. I think there have been a lot of discussion about light crudes coming in and more competition between light and medium. Yet, when you look at the Ed Mars, it's trading 5.5 under LLS, which is wider than average over the last 18 months. And you look at Thunder Horse, Southern Green Canyon some of that medium sours and trading at nice discounts as well. Obviously, the 700 a day keystone south pipeline is started up and we have got SPR putting medium crude into the market. Could you talk about how significant of these factors are and maybe other considerations you believe are driving the wide discounts from medium crudes in the Gulf Coast, and maybe how sustainable that weakness will be.
William R. Klesse: Yes, I think as Lane commented, the LP's are really pushing toward maximum utilization across the system.Jeff A. Dietert – Simmons & Co. International: Thanks for your comments.
William R. Klesse: Good morning, Paul.Paul L. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Bill and Joe congratulations indeed to both of you, and again as always I said, thanks for being so much fun to deal with over the years and so interesting to deal with. Could we just talk a bit about Gulf Coast again sorry to go back to this, but the throughput number could you just remind me what that was in terms of what you expected to be in the second quarter could you just repeat for to make it easier what you did in the first quarter and then could you also talk about what your capacity is now on the Gulf Coast, what you think your refining throughput capacity is overall. Thanks. 
William R. Klesse: Yes, Paul. In the first quarter our throughput was 1.585 billion barrels per day. Our guidance was one for the second quarter is 1.42 million to 1.47 million barrels per day. And I'm going to get an updated capacity. Capacities is around a total throughput, just over 1.6 million barrels per day.Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Okay, so I’ve got that 1.6 and then I think it was officially 1.54 last year and then so it’s to be so detailed here, but then I think you gave a light weep throughput capacity as well for that system.
William R. Klesse: Yes, we’re calling kind of early 2016. So when those are operating.Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And then the other question I have here is just related to the further outlet light sweep crude in terms of exports, can you just, again on a look forward basis talk about how much more oil you guys would be using in Canada and there is some line reversal stories as well as some shipping stories, thanks.
William R. Klesse: Well, this is Klesse, we’re fully aware of what’s going on there and we are not sure how this is all going to work out and if there is an opportunity for us to improve our situation at Pembroke will take a look at it, but as of today we don’t have anything moving on direct.
William R. Klesse: So listen, for those of you have a still on the call, and it was mentioned several times, this is Gene and my last call with you all. And I just wanted to Gene and I both wanted to tell you guys. Thank you very much for the interest you’ve shown in Valero and we wish all of you all the best going forward. So thank you very much for that.
R. Lane Riggs: This is Lane Riggs, are you asking in terms of our performance or the overall industries of Gulf Coast. Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Specific to you.
R. Lane Riggs: Yes. Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yes, okay that’s interesting. The outlook for that as we move forward. Firstly, I guess that’s a turn around number in Q4 that’s the reason why you are so much lower, but then I suppose that we are going to go back up to much higher level of utilization through the rest of the year Q3, Q4. And then when we move forward beyond that, is your capacity going to increase let’s say into 2015 or do you think you’ve reached a steady state. Firstly for the overall capacity, second for the light sweep? Thanks. Sorry to miss the detail.
R. Lane Riggs: Well you may and we can ship out there and sell it to one of the other refineries in Canada?Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah, exactly whether…
R. Lane Riggs: Our permit allows us to ship it to all four, I think of the company arriving and compensate with somebody else, I think it’s four anyway.Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. And I guess additional final one and Bill, because it’s presumably your last call, if you want to talk about how things have changed and or you think the outlook is in Washington D.C. Particularly I’m wondering if you think will be able to export, condensate in relatively short order and then longer term, whether you feel that in due course potentially if prices in the U.S. get very low, we maybe exporting crude as well and any other thoughts you have on what’s going on in Washington? Thanks.
R. Lane Riggs: Well I do accept that the ground work is being laid for condensates to be an issue and that’s all definition of what crude oil is and then the question was asked earlier about infrastructure, which is absolutely correct. So condensates may need to get addressed at some point. As far as exporting of crude, though, the industry is running the oil, the discounts we have in the marketplace today are really because of logistics in many of these markets. And we’re doing things and I’m sure everyone of our peer group are doing things to be able to run more oil, and then we support the free markets, but you need to remember that this business isn't very free. There’s a lots of restrictions from the Jones Act and the cartels, to everything else that goes with it. So I think it remains to be seen, but under the law, there's a lot of flexibility. You can re-export Canadian crude, you can get licenses for that, as Gary just spoke, you have licenses to send U.S. domestic crude to Canada, there is also possibilities of exchanges, if it becomes so much, but the thing I think that people need to remember is this is a windfall for the North America and the United States as far as manufacturing, whether it's natural gas liquids, natural gas or crude oil, and we can have a manufacturing boom, the petrochemical industry can boom, where do you build petrochemical plants. Resource advantage, consumer advantage the U.S. is now resource advantaged. So this is a huge opportunity for jobs. We have a lot of rhetoric about jobs. Here is a real area for jobs. Job training, huge opportunities for welders, pipe fitters, instrument techs, operators, that was not here just five years ago. So this question of exports, and how our country should conduct themselves especially when you see the turmoil in the world, that we have going on, I think should take a lot of stuff. And I think it will.Paul I. Sankey – Wolfe Research LLC: Great, thanks for your thoughts. Thank you guys.
R. Lane Riggs: Hi, this is Lane Riggs, where we are – we're in the Phase II and Phase III process in terms of working on ethanol, which means were doing a more detailed engineering to get a better cost of fine tuner economics, we will bring the project forward for a Phase III review, around November this year, and we'll probably have sort no go on the project at that time, but so far the project looks very, very favorable until there is no show stopper at this point time with respect to that projectFaisel H. Khan – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Okay, great. I appreciate the time guys.
R. Lane Riggs: Well. This is Lane. And I will take a little bit of short at as days of supply I will differ to my friend list, but in terms of we absolutely had a, if you look at our crude margins, from the LP guide. We have had a huge incentive, to run through all the first quarter and fully with the margin refineries exist today so if you want turnaround or if you are having issues, you're trying to run crude, and you are not only trying to crude and crude still for example we are running crude in some of our SPC's, two or three of our SPC's where we have the ability to run resin, we are running crude in all of that so the industry is doing quite a bit in terms of trying to run more crude, because that’s where the economic people’s are telling us the range and I don’t know if you want to talk on employees.
R. Lane Riggs: Hi, Sam this is Lane Riggs so our both crude units, that we did we are big as – as large that could be in enter the green house gas. So we don’t really have the opportunity to make them larger at this point time about reporting without going through the process to getting the green house gas.Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, and then I guess I will just bring up Maya, Brent spreads have been pretty favorable I think some of that has to do with WTS and Midlands kind of I guess leakage of the price dislocations there and West pipelines the infrastructure start to come online at a West Texas and maybe Midland normalizers closer to, closer to other benchmarks and then WTS comes with it if you guys are expecting any kind of weird price action in Maya maybe in the third quarter and if there is something we should prepare or try to bake in ahead a time to our estimates.
R. Lane Riggs: It's on a similar time line. We'll have the same sort of base to review in the fourth quarter with management and then make to sort of the similar decision.Cory J. Garcia – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.:  Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Michael S. Ciskowski: So what happened here is this is all legal advice and some of things that have happened in the markets. We’ve changed our policy on this. I think some of you have noticed, so we no longer announce our turnarounds ahead of time. And so you just have to rely on the guidance that Ashley gives you as the volumes we’re looking at.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC:  Okay. Well as long as we know who to blame if it doesn't go other way it was supposed to go.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, blame Ashley.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: There you go. Just a last question here that, condensate we’re hearing to lot more about that becoming a bigger and bigger issue and even in some parts of West Texas where it's being rejected. I was wondering, what are you seeing along the Gulf Coast or any other part of your operations, in terms of condensate. Are you having any rejection issues, in terms of what's being delivered to the units and then what your thoughts are on, how Valero may deal with the condensate issue not worrying so much about, you know, the industry with condensate splitters, et cetera.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It’s all flexibility and this is about economics and we would do exactly what years have leading to is always in our self interest for our shareholder.Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then I guess second question, can you give us the product export volumes in the first quarter and what the capacity is for both gas and diesel at this point.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, I think with the Maya formula there is always that risk that if Midland comes into Cushing that it can affect that Maya formula in the short-term but we believe they’re trying to price their crude so it can be competitive with Mars and so that even if Midland comes in they would eventually adjust the K to keep their crude competitive with a medium seller alternative.Sam Margolin – Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you so much. Have a good one.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Yes and let me also say congratulations, 650 I think is the EPS consensus not quite the $8 you guys did in the boom times, but certainly Valero looks like in good shape, just a follow on question on the MLP. I mean, obviously it’s a great currency as well not just for what you can drop down into it, trading at a 2% yield. Maybe think a little bit more broadly about talking to us about what you envisage the MLP to allow you to do over the next several years, potentially external M&A as well as the drop down. Thank you.
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay. And then a specific question on – and condensate has been team so far this call, but say you look at your sort of more mid-continent refineries Ardmore and Mckee, as you look at the crude that’s coming into those refineries, presume say it’s, WTI mix a lot of refineries are starting to complain that WTI isn’t the same WTI used to be, because obviously condensates are spiked into it. Do you have any color on o how the sort of gravity of that WTI has changed over time or where we are against the sort of 42 API speck
Edward Westlake – Credit Suisse: I mean, I guess I’ll ask the direct I should have asked, which is do you think there will be a point where the really light crude will need its own infrastructure rather than being blended into the TI stream.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. I would say both Ardmore and Mckee, we definitely see a trend toward the crude getting lighter and it has caused some operating issues for us, some constraints where we have to cut rates, because the gravity of the crude is getting higher. So we try to control at the best we can with working with producers to control the quality of the barrels that we’re getting, but we have seen issues with the barrels getting lighter.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, I do I think ultimately we’ll have to do that because the refineries just can reject the light ends.
Unidentified Company Representative: But how that structure comes out remains to be seen, I’m not necessarily sure you’re going to see a gathering system, but you may see some type of fractionation that occurs that allows it to move from the field economically into these hubs and then get address that hub before it then moves to the refiners. There’s a lot, but just think that there is - you wouldn't necessarily think you're going to have a whole pipeline network to handle this, but you may have fractionation occur at different places in the system, including at the refinery.
Unidentified Company Representative: It appears to me that the market in the Gulf is well supplied today. So I don’t know that I have actually looked at it in terms of days of supply, but the market seems well supplied.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up really hopefully quick, one more Valero specific. The comment you made earlier about you are seeing a lightening of the crude slate or for WTI specifically and that's becoming more problematic I guess in terms of filling up some of your secondary units. Can you talk about what that's doing to you’re capture rates relative to the legacy capture rate of the system. I guess what I’m really trying to get to is, we’ve seen capture rates drift a little bit lower versus indicators and I’m just wondering if that’s got something to do with it in terms of incremental challenges you are having on running those crudes and I’ll leave it there.
Unidentified Company Representative: It’s difficult for me to comment exactly with that does in terms of running lighter in terms of where the capture rates go we could look at that in more detail.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  I’ll take it off-line thanks guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, yeah. You might have to rejoin we’ll wait for you.Sam Margolin – Cowen and Company: Okay, thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, so the dock work is probably a year to two years away from being complete.Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay and then one final question on the exports have you noticed any impact from some of the new refineries that have coming to the market and most notably I guess that you’ve well planned in Saudi Arabia.
Gary K. Simmons: Yes. This is Gary Simmons. I guess the way we would see it is that the pipeline delivery would be the most advantaged and then second to that would be the barrels that we get over the water, and then finally would be the tranche that were currently taking by rail. So if barrels starts to drop off it would probably be the rail volume that you would see fall off before the volume that we are taking over the water.
Gary K. Simmons: Sure, this is Gary Simmons again in the first quarter we exported 208,000 barrels of distillate. We would say that our capacity the day is close to 325 and we have some capital projects in the work that will bring that up to 425 on the gasoline side we exported a 124,000 barrels a day of gasoline in the first quarter and that capacity is probably in the 225 range it will also go up to about 250 with some of the dock work we have going on.Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Okay, thanks Gary, any timing on the increase in the capacity on both products.
Gary K. Simmons: We’ll still see a margin today a good margin to export when you take the RIN into account and so we were finding plenty of homes to take the barrel. So I don’t say that, I can’t say that we’ve seen a big impact from that.Chi Chow – Macquarie Capital, Inc.:  Okay, great, thanks a lot.
