Homer Bhullar: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the safe harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Well, but we're trying to figure that one out. But you're going to have to wait for even the second part of the first question.
Homer Bhullar: Yes, Paul. So I think in Joe's opening comments, he mentioned we drew down 60 million barrels of light product inventory as a result of the winter storm. It put inventories very, very low in the U.S. And the low inventories really incentivized imports, especially into the East Coast. And so we've seen that record levels of imports. But you're already starting to see those odds close and the volumes of product flowing from Northwest Europe and the New York are slow. In addition to the slowing of imports, we're starting to see exports pick back up. So certainly, for us, we had exports down in the first quarter as we replenished inventories, but already in April. Our exports are starting to normalize as well. So I do think that was a short-term dynamic that will reverse as we move forward.
Homer Bhullar: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And obviously, if you have any follow-ups, feel free to contact the IR team. Stay safe and healthy, and have a great day. Thanks, everyone.
Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer and good morning, everyone. The refining business saw a strong recovery in the first quarter as various pandemic imposed restrictions were eased or withdrawn and as more and more people receive vaccinations. However, Winter Storm Uri disrupted many U.S. Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent facilities in February due to the freeze and utilities curtailments. Although our refineries and plants in those regions were also impacted, they did not suffer any significant mechanical damage and were restarted within a short period after the storm. While we did incur extremely high energy costs, I'm very proud of the Valero team for safely managing the crisis by idling or shutting down the effected facilities and resuming operations without incident. With many of the countries Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent refineries offline due to the storm, there was a significant 60 million barrel drawdown of surplus product inventories in the U.S. bringing product inventories to normal levels. Lower product inventories, coupled with increasing product demand, improve refining margins significantly from the prior quarter. Crude oil discounts were also wider for Canadian heavy and WTI in the first quarter, relative to the fourth quarter of last year, providing additional support to refining margins. In addition, our renewable diesel segment continues to provide solid earnings and set records for operating income and renewable diesel product margin in the first quarter of 2021. Our wholesale operations also continue to see positive trends in U.S. demand. And we expanded our supply into Mexico with current sales of over 60,000 barrels per day, which should continue to increase with the ramp-up of supply through the Veracruz terminal. On the strategic front, we continue to evaluate and pursue economic projects that lower the carbon intensity of all of our products. In March, we announced that we were partnering with BlackRock and Navigator to develop a carbon capture system in the Midwest, allowing for conductivity of eight of our ethanol plants to the system. In addition to the tax credit benefit for CO2 capture and storage, Valero will also capture higher value for the lower carbon intensity ethanol product and low carbon fuel standard markets, such as California. The system is expected to be capable of storing 5 million metric tonnes of CO2 per year. In our Diamond Green Diesel 2 project at St. Charles remains on budget and is now expected to be operational in the middle of the fourth quarter of this year. The expansion is expected to increase renewable diesel production capacity by 400 million gallons per year, bringing the total capacity at St. Charles to 690 million gallons per year. The expansion will also allow us to market 30 million gallons per year of renewable naphtha from DGD 1 and DGD 2 into low carbon fuel markets. The renewable diesel project at Port Arthur or DGD 3 continues to move forward as well. This is expected to be operational in the second half of 2023. With the completion of this 470 million gallons per year capacity plant DGD's combined annual capacity is expected to be 1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha. With respect to our refinery optimization projects, we remain on track to complete the Pembroke Cogen project in the third quarter of this year and the Port Arthur Coker project is expected to be completed in 2023. As we head into summer, we believe that there's a pent-up desire among much of the population to travel and take vacations, which should drive incremental demand for transportation fuels. We're already seeing a star strong recovery in gasoline and diesel demand at 93% and 100% of pre-pandemic levels respectively. Since March, air travel has also increased. As reflected in TSA data, which shows that passenger count is now nearly double of what it was in January. We're also seeing positive signs in the crude market with wider discounts for sour crude oils and residual feedstocks relative to bread is an incremental crude oil from the Middle East comes to market. All these positive data points coupled with less refining capacity as a result of refinery rationalizations should lead to continued improvement in refining margins in the coming months. We've already seen the impacts of these improving market indicators with Valero having positive operating income and operating cash flow in March. In closing, we're encouraged by the outlook on refining as product demand steadily improves towards pre-pandemic levels, which should continue to have a positive impact on refining margins. We believe these improvements coupled with our growth strategy and low carbon renewable fuels will further strengthen our long-term competitive advantage. So with that Homer I'll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: No. That's a good question. And Rich and Martin worked together, and Rich was kind of the architect behind this. So we'll let him take a crack at this.
Joe Gorder: And then, Phil, just as it relates to the asset sales, and we don't have anything else in mind. And frankly, we didn't do this because we were in any kind of desperate need for cash. We did it because it was a smart thing to do financially. And when we developed this project and a few others that we developed and then kind of base loaded, the plan was that we would want use of the asset, but not necessarily need to own the asset. And so this was part of the plan all along. It's not something that I would consider to be abnormal. But at the same time, the motivation for it was that it was an attractive business transaction rather than a need for cash.
Joe Gorder: Now, that's a good question, Doug. And obviously, I mean, you can tell from the chart and you can tell from where we're spending our capital that we have a clear recognition here that low-carbon fuels are going to be in much greater demand going forward. The interesting thing here from our perspective is that we've been able to come up with low-carbon fuel projects and projects that have enabled us to reduce the carbon intensity of some of our other fuels with projects that have significant returns also. I mean its one thing to try to have that drive to find compliance with Paris to go to carbon neutrality and so on. That's all fine and good. But it's also critical that, when we're on that path that we do it in a way that continues to deliver financial returns for our investors, and so while we continue to look at not only the projects that are listed here. I mean, obviously, the carbon sequestration pipeline is the next extension after we were in ethanol first and then renewable diesel and now this. And there's other projects that we're taking a look at, too, that are going to help us on this path going forward. The targets we've set for ourselves to hit by 2025, we think, are very achievable. And I don't think that you should expect that our goals are going to continue to be pushed forward from there. So we want to be viable for the long-term. We believe that liquid fuels are going to be part of the energy mix going forward. It's infeasible to think that they wouldn't. And we just want to do our part and continue to provide low-carbon products.
Joe Gorder: Yes. There's a lot of facets to that question. I mean, I wouldn't presume to say that we're ahead of anybody in looking at this. Perhaps we are, but that's not a claim, I don't think, that we would be willing to make. Lane can speak here about potential things that we could look at in the refineries to continue to do this. But the projects that we've looked at thus far all related to our core business. There's no particular step out that we've had here. We're in the ethanol business. We've been in the pipeline business for a long time, and we're in the refining business. So you want to speak at all about…
Joe Gorder: Yes, Paul. I would just say we've had a strategic outlook that says the EU, the southern refineries and Europe will continue to be under pressure, largely driven by just changes in trade flows. And then you kind of add to that the ES&G goals of the companies that they are going to continue to be under pressure. And then we also believe and continue to have a sort of an outlook that Latin American refineries are going to struggle to run a competitive utilization rates. And so that's just going to be an ongoing thing. So to the extent that that's how the Atlantic Basin tries to sort of settle up in a sort of a post-COVID universe, we'll just see how it all works.
Rich Lashway: Sure. So I'll just kind of back up. So Valero is going to be the anchor shipper on this project. BlackRock is the financial backer, and Navigator is leading the engineering, construction and operations for the carbon capture and sequestration. We're estimating that by doing this, we'll lower the carbon intensity of the ethanol that we produce from kind of a 70 CI down to 40 CI. And I'll let Martin kind of talk about the value creation there. But, today, the CI ethanol carries a premium into the California market, and the economics are supported by the California market and the 45Q tax credit. And we expect that further markets will develop for the low-carbon fuels, so increasing demand for this premium product. Today, Navigator is out there. They've launched their nonbinding open season, which is basically to kind of determine what kind of demand will be for this project so that they can rightsize the project and also kind of optimize on the routing. The open season is going very well, and we're seeing strong interest from ethanol producers and other industry players, but we're especially surprised by the strong interest from the fertilizer plants. And given the strong interest in the project, they will be moving forward with the binding open season this summer. And if you wanted more information, they've got a website out there. It's just navigatorco2.com, which kind of goes over the – kind of the open-season process and kind of a preliminary mapping of how the pipeline system is going to kind of work.
Rich Lashway: Carbon tax. Well, so you see various discussion points out there, you've got some trade groups; you've got other folks talking about carbon tax. It will be, generally speaking, in terms of best ways to reduce carbon emissions, the most efficient way to do that in the economy is with a tax. We would say the key components of this is the tax has to be applied broadly across the entire economy. You need to make sure it doesn't result in exporting the emissions outside the country. So you're going to have to have some kind of border adjustment process around it. But, yes, I think a carbon tax is an efficient way to address some of these issues and to help lower carbon. I'd point out that we do quite well in the – in this low-carbon fuel environment, and so we think we would be advantaged under that regime as well.
Rich Lashway: Okay. This is Rich Lashway. I'll take the first piece of the RNG. So we are looking at different opportunities where we can take the RNG on a kind of a booking claim basis into the refineries to generate the development fuels, which fit into the UK. So that's kind of our foray into it right now, but we still continue to look at other opportunities for RNG into kind of our supply chain to lower the carbon intensity of the products that we're producing. So we are doing it, but we're just kind of on a quieter kind of scale.
Martin Parrish: Thanks, Rich. Theresa, this is Martin. Yes. So the 70 to a 40 CI reduction in ethanol, that's worth like right now $0.47 a gallon at $200 a ton. And even out into the future, it stays right in that range, about $0.50 a gallon at a $200 per ton carbon price. As Rich said, we've got California and Oregon with programs now. We expect New York, New Mexico, Washington; they all have legislation in place for low carbon. We expect those to happen over some time in the next few years. So as this project has got a time line to completion, we expect no slowing down in low-carbon mandates or clean fuel standard mandates. So that's the additional demand for the product there.
Martin Parrish: Sure. I'll take a stab at that. Well, it was a good quarter, right? $2.75 per gallon EBITDA and if you look versus first quarter of 2020, soybean oil price is up 1.6 times, but the D4 RIN price is up 2.6 times. So the D4 RIN has done a lot of lifting, and that's provided margin. So we're looking – I think if you look over history, we've had a pretty good stress test the last three years. We've had a wide variation in RIN prices, wide variation in feedstock prices, wide variation ULSD prices, yet our margin has only varied from 2.17 a gallon EBITDA in 2018 to 2.37 a gallon EBITDA in 2020. And now, last – first quarter of 2020, first quarter of 2021, about the same and is 2.70 EBITDA range. So again, a pretty good stress test. So we feel pretty comfortable about those kind of margins going forward for the foreseeable future.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Prashant. So I think what you have to do is if you kind of step back and look what's really – soybean oil gets the attention in United States. But what's really going on is the worldwide veg oil price and it's just – it's up. And why it's up? First of all, it was really low in 2018 and 2019. So we had some periods where it was low versus history. And by that, I mean, relative to ULSD. So soybean oil price is driven by the global supply and demand of veg oils. Soybean oil, palm oil and rapeseed oil are all up 60% to 95% year-on-year. Palm oil production in Indonesia was off because of a drought in 2020 and labor shortages due to COVID-19. You also had U.S. soybean oil production in the 2019/2020 crop year or just soybean production was like 80% of the previous year. So you also have to remember, you had the trade sanctions. So China wasn't in. China pulled down stocks a lot. They weren't in the market for the soybean oil. So prices dropped, not as much was produced. Well, now China is back in the market. The world is recovering. So you've got a big demand now out there for veg oils. So we kind of got into this place because of low prices, and we'll get out of it because of high prices. So all these can be grown on demand. So the cure for high prices is high prices. So we'll eventually work our way out of it, but it's going to take a little while. Now obviously, DGD's advantages were we're not running the veg oils other than the distiller’s corn oil, which is an inedible veg oil. So we expect to continue to see those feedstocks price at a discount to soybean oil. But the biggest advantage is the CI score of those oils, those waste oils, compared to a veg oil or compared to the soybean oil in most jurisdictions. So that's really what drives DGD. And by having our robust pretreatment system, our location, our ability to run anything is just a huge advantage.
Martin Parrish: Okay. Yes. This is Martin. I mean, the way we're looking at it is – obviously, California is there with the program. We think if Oregon is there with the program. Canada has got a clean fuel standard that's going to be in place. And the Canadian demand on diesel is about twice as high as California demand. And then you've got all these other programs. You've got the EU now with Red 2 out to 2030, California out to 2030. So while there's a lot of projects announced, there's also a lot of incremental demand announced. And if you look at generation to date, what's carrying the load for California is renewable diesel, biodiesel and ethanol that 70% of the credits generated is that. So when we look at the time line for the economics and what we're looking at for the Diamond Green projects, they pay out pretty quick, right? So, but we're not – and we don't see anything changing materially, and certainly through 2025 type time frame and even beyond that, we don't see this is changing that much. So we feel pretty good about that. I think CARB, if you have a carbon price go down, they're going to adjust that up. I mean I think they've pretty well signaled that this $200 a ton is kind of the sweet spot for them and 200, 200-plus. And so we feel pretty good about demand, and I think the flip side is a lot of these projects that are announced, if you go back in history, they just don't happen and we don't see anything that's going to change that trend.
Martin Parrish: Yes, Sam. So I think when we look at our margin structure, there's probably no need. I mean we think that – with the RIN, if you step back and look at this, the price of the D4 RIN is based on the spread between biodiesel and ULSD. And then the driver for the biodiesel price is almost entirely soybean oil because that's the marginal feed for the biodiesel producer. So then, therefore, if you have at a given ULSD price, the D4 RIN is high, if soybean oil is high and the D4 RIN is low of soybean oil is low. So as renewable diesel feedstock prices move with soybean oil, renewable diesel margin is not necessarily higher with D4 RINs as they appreciate. Now D6 RINs are a whole different story. They're dependent on the renewable volume obligation and whether D4 RINs are needed to satisfy the total renewable fuels obligation. If D4 RINs are needed, then that D6 price is going to approach the D4 price, and that's the case we're in today. The D4 is right up against the D6. So D4s are tied to the production cost of biodiesel. We don't see that fundamentally changing. And then the D6 just depends on the total renewable fuel obligation and whether additional biodiesel is needed to balance that equation. So a D6 can be about anywhere, a ceiling of D4 down to zero, but a D4 has got some fundamentals behind it. So we don't really see the need to protect that.
Martin Parrish: No. That's the point. I mean, Lane hit it on the head. When you look at an ethanol plant, it's a cost-effective way. You've got basically pure CO2. And it's at one point, one stack in the plant. Then you also have this 45Q and the CI reduction. So when you get to a – and then steam methane reformer can make sense too. But when you get to most of our refineries, we're not accessing those low-carbon markets. You've got a lot of sources. So you're going to have to get a higher carbon price, and that's what it's going to take to get more going on in the carbon sequestration market.
Martin Parrish: On the feedstock, DGD 2, I mean, we're expecting – we're going to have a higher mix of tallow, but we still expect the feedstocks for DGD 2 to be advantaged. So it's the same cast of characters, the used cooking oil, the tallow, the distiller’s corn oil of ethanol plants. So that's what we expect to be stock for DGD 2 to be. But certainly, we'll be heading for more tallow. Used cooking oil is pretty close to being tapped out right now in the U.S. More of that will show up with these high prices that's what we expect. So what's – and then the ethanol question is, what was that carbon sequestration? How much of our volume is – what we're planning – what we're looking at, certainly, there's been a few questions the California market can't absorb it all. And it depends on how many of these ethanol projects happen. California is 10% of the U.S. gasoline market. So it's 10% of the U.S. ethanol market. But we certainly expect by the time we have these sequestration projects to be in place, something is going to happen in the Northeast. New York is a big market. As we said, New Mexico has got a standard that they're looking at. Depending on what Canada does with the clean fuel standard that may be an option to go there. We have to see what those final rigs look like on carbon sequestration. But again, we just feel like there is going to be more of these clean fuel standards, low-carbon fuel standard in the future than they are now. So we'll see how that plays out.
Martin Parrish: Yes. And then on the – if you talk about the RINs, the RVO will impact the D6 RINs. I talked about that earlier. Once you need to satisfy the total renewable obligation, the D4 RIN is really all about the veg oil prices in the world. So as long as they stay escalated and it's going to take at least a crop cycle to fix that, we expect the D4 RINs to stay high. On LCFS, it's off, as you stated. I think a lot of that has to do with the lockdown in California. And being from my opinion on it, you just generated less deficits out there. So you would think that the Credit Bank is going to grow marginally in this environment. But as soon as California gets back to speed here, we would expect the LCFS prices to rebound and that should be happening in the second and third quarters of this year, we would think.
Phil Gresh: My first question is on the second quarter utilization guidance. The midpoint there was about 87%, with 91%, I think, in the Gulf Coast and the Mid-Con. And obviously, that's a bit above the April DOE, and there's obviously seasonality benefits as we move into the summer. So I'm just curious how you expect demand and utilization to progress into the summer. And do you think the crack spreads today weren't running that high of a level of utilization? Or is it an expectation of even higher cracks moving forward? Thank you.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Got it. And the second question would be on the balance sheet. Obviously, you have the tax refund coming. There is the Pasadena asset sale here in April. So I'm curious how you're thinking about the leverage targets and whether there might be other asset sale opportunities like Pasadena, just some low-hanging fruit out there that could help accelerate any debt-reduction objectives? Thank you.
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Can I just clarify; is the $1 billion tax refund still a 2Q target or just latest thoughts on magnitude and timing? Thank you.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Phil. This is Lane. So really, if you look at our guidance, it's somewhat consistent with where we're kind of running today. But there is – we have turnarounds in some of the refineries. But the current track, there's a call on refining to run at reasonably high rates. It's just a matter of how you're going to posture yourself and look at your supply chain. And so we're sort of inching up as an industry, but certainly, where margins are today and our margins going forward are that you'll see increasing utilization in the industry.
Lane Riggs: Sam, this is Lane. We obviously are in a net position of buying RIN. So any way that we – any counterparty that as a novel way to getting RINs on the market, we obviously could be on the other side of that. As it's related to renewable diesel, I'm going to kick it over Martin.
Lane Riggs: I'm not sure I provide a lot of tremendous insight in this. I would say that we went around and looked at all of our sort of our stacks for carbon dioxide, obviously, is coming on. And we focused our efforts on where carbon dioxide is concentrated in those stacks. And therefore, it's easier to sequester it and get it targeted. So those are – and we're doing that in whatever the regime is, whether it's an LCFS market or it's in the CCUS market. So those are – that's how we're doing it for now, right? And again, so you can see where we've landed. We're doing ethanol. We're looking at – we have some SMRs that predominantly have CO2 as a flue gas and our flue gas. So those sort of things that we're analyzing. But there is ultimately needs to be more certainty and more of a larger framework out there for that kind of investment for refining and – and you need a carbon price that's a little bit higher, something more on the order of like the LCFS carbon prices.
Lane Riggs: I'll take a shot. Manav, this is Lane. So everything you said is absolutely correct. We've left – we've left plot area to look at Diamond Green for there. But we want to see how the market develops. We want to understand sustainable aviation fuel, which is another option for us in the space. So we're developing projects along both those lines, and we'll just see how the world works. But we got to get two of these started up and get them done. As you've seen, our schedules are doing much better, and so we're actually bringing these to market earlier. And our real focus right now is to do just that. Our guys go there. We're very much involved in trying to accelerate these projects and bring them forward any way possible because of, as you can see, the economics and the projects.
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll speak to the first question about the outlook. It's somewhat commensurate with where we are today and like all-in refining capacity is a fairly decent one. I wouldn't say we're running at max rates, but we're running above – we're running in utilization rates that were more indicative of pre-COVID levels, but they're not completely – we're not completely running at max because we are still being very careful with our supply chain.
Lane Riggs: Yes. So I'll start with the very last question you had first. Sustainable aviation fuel requires something above renewable diesel because there's yield penalties and there is capital cost or energy costs, all of the above to try to make it. So if you sort of say, hey, I can always – I have the investment to make renewable diesel, therefore, I need something additional to make sustainable aviation fuel. Today, we're not configured to make it directly. There's ways that we could make it at a big yield penalty loss. And again, that's back to the cost structure. In terms of the way we think the most economic way to produce it would require a pretty relatively expensive investment. It's essentially adding a reactor into the process and the fractionation. So there's some costs there. And those are the things that these are the projects we're trying to develop where you certainly need just – you do need some – there's people interested in small amounts here and there, and you could probably get to that with fractionation. But to do this in any meaningful way, you're going to need something to get over the hump here of requiring jet fuel to be a renewable.
Jason Fraser: Well, like Joe said, in March, we had our first month with positive operating income and cash flow and to the demand in the markets are looking good. So things are definitely improving. It's hard to tell the exact pace that the margins and cash flows are going to recover, but we're certainly headed in the right direction. So some of the things we'll be looking at as margins start normalizing and cash flow starting normalizing is first thing we want to do is build our cash balance. We'll likely take our target up from the $2 billion range to the $3 billion-plus range. That will help our net debt to cap come down naturally as we do that. And as you asked about on the leverage side, the additional debt we took on was relatively short-term. The vast majority was three to five years in the base case. But we are going to look to pull some of that back in early. And the first thing we'll look at is this $575 million of freezer floaters that are callable beginning in September. So I imagine that's the first thing we'll pay up.
Jason Fraser: Yes. Well, that is what we were thinking before, to talk a little bit more about that. We filed our tax – both our return and our refund request back in mid-January. It was a really big accomplishment for our tax department. We've never filed that early before, and I think most people don't. But unfortunately, it looks like the IRS is experiencing significant delays in processing these returns and the refund request. My understanding was that they normally turn around in a 90- to 120-day time frame. But with these COVID impacts, timing is uncertain this year. We certainly still expect to receive the full tax refund, but it may slip from the second quarter.
Jason Fraser: Doug, you may recall – Doug, you may recall when we issued guidance on the DGD 2, right? Like our portion of the cost was $550 million, and our EBITDA guidance was $250 million and that was based on $1.26 EBITDA, right? And you compare that to the $2.75 that we generated last quarter, just gives you some context of how much room there is.
Jason Fraser: As for the Pembroke Cogen, we expect to start up here at the end of the second quarter, start of the third quarter. I think our FID EBITDA was like, I want to say, US$38 million. Obviously, you had some currency risk in that. But I mean that's sort of the range in terms of what the EBITDA contribution is on an annual basis. And…
Jason Fraser: Yes. That was just an optimization and the return on that, Ryan, is going to be similar to like any logistics projects.
