Joe Gorder: Well, I think clearly we are getting access to more crews, right? And we mentioned I think in the notes that we were a 100% domestic light sweet crude, where we are running sweet crudes in the Gulf, so we back off all of our foreign dollars. And seaway has had an impact Jeff as you know, but they are not running at the rates that have been anticipated, and I think that’s why we see that LLS is still trading at a bit of a premium to brand. I think as you get seaway up to speed and then we’ve got significant additional projects that are going to bring more crude into the Gulf through 2013, you will end up seeing Brent trading at that discount that we are all expecting to LLS going forward, okay. As we run light sweet crudes in lane and Bill can speak to the projects that we are looking at, I think he knows some of those to allow us to run more light sweet crudes, we are going to be in beneficiaries of that.Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co: Thank you, Joe.
Joe Gorder: Okay. The heavy barrels, I mean we’ve got them out of South America and Mexico, okay. And our normal suppliers, we increased our volumes from Venezuela and from Mexico both. I would say that, I would say there was nothing unusual about the sources of supply of these barrels other than the economics associated with running them versus not running them. We are bringing some heavy sour Canadian crudes into Port Arthur, and we’re running that. But we didn’t have any material change in the volumes there. So and then if I step forward to what you’re talking about going forward. we want heavy sour crude in the Gulf Coast. Keystone pipeline is the most economical way for us to do that. We are still fully supportive of the pipeline and we want to see it happen. Second to that, then you look at other alternatives to get heavy sours up and we continue to look at those, as their capacity on Enbridge, their ability to take the crude into Hartford and then barge it down to St. Charles, which we tend to be doing somehow, can we do more of that.  And then rail, of course, we don't know exactly what those numbers might be today, but we're looking it. We have – needed railcars and we're looking at the ability to move heavy sour Canadian's to be a rail. So we're looking at all the options there Roger.Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And the follow-up question looking at the hydrocrackers, obviously we now look at the price of the various products, if I was understood it correctly there is really sensitivity to natural gas as feedstock and power source. Can you walk us through what we should really think about the full quarter contribution in Port Arthur and obviously as we see the ramp up at St. Charles as well. What are the big things we should watch here on the price side to really determine the economics of these.
Joe Gorder: Good. Well, in the fourth quarter, we moved out almost 110,000 barrels a day of gasoline with primarily in Latin America and Mexico. And those are pretty high numbers, because typically we are doing 60,000 barrels to 70,000 barrels range. So demand was still very good. Latin America is growing and they continue to have supply issues. Mexico’s demand is growing and they have some supply limitations. So from sustainability perspective, we still think that these export markets are going to be very good.  In the first quarter of 2013, from a gasoline perspective, we will probably export less than we did in the fourth quarter and a lot of that has to do with the turnaround activity we got going on in Corpus Christi. If we talk about diesel, diesel inventories unlike gasoline inventories, diesel inventories are low. They are at the low end of the five year range and although U.S. demand for distillate continues to be weak, distillate demand abroad is strong and it continues to grow. In the U.S., I think we exported over 1 million barrels a day.  Diesel fuel, that’s up significantly from where it was last year. Valero exported 157,000 barrels a day of diesel fuel in the fourth quarter and we will increase that volume in the first quarter as we’ve got the throughputs of the new hydrocracker. From our perspective, I think everybody else is always a market driven phenomenon and is the yard open or not and if the yard is open to move the barrels to South America or Europe, we will move them and if not we will keep them here at home. 
Joe Gorder: I guess well, actually the numbers are – we were paying LLS plus $0.50 and now it’s like LLS line of $0.50 – it’s a ballpark of (inaudible).
Joe Gorder: Okay. The landed cost versus and it depends on when and which because it’s moving all over the place and we have been making this switch over the past year. 
Joe Gorder: I mean, we were working in foreign industry rivers, we used to bring foreign in the Houston, with foreign in the Memphis, so we have been back in those based on economics, but it could a dollar or a few dollars per barrel economics versus the landed cost of the foreign.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, we do move Permian basin, Midland area crudes up to McKee and Ardmore but we've always done that.
Joe Gorder: Okay. It's relative to LLS and if we keep it just as simple as we can and we have transportation right, okay. There are so many good reports out there now that are addressing this issue then we look at those to, but you've got a couple of dollars of transportation to get the Eagle Ford over to Houston. All right, and then you've got another couple of dollars to get from Houston over to St. James. So theoretically you could argue this Eagle Ford auto trade as an LLS minus $4 over in Corpus and LLS minus $2 in Houston. And then if you look at it relative to WTI and you said what WTI is $3 or so $3.50 to the cost –WTI is going to be, if you took it into the Houston markets, you’re going to – you get it there for $3.5, so it would be a $1.5 over the Eagle Ford and to Houston, and as you took it all the over to St. James you’re $3.50, and so this is the kind of the math we’re working up, we’re doing just kind of the same way, your guys are for saying, okay, what is it going to be if LLS. Bill mentioned it before that St. James will be the clearing point for LLS, and everything is going to trade and it move west to a discount, LLS, and then what next with (inaudible), while you’re going to have it for rent ultimately into the east coast, near the LLS plus $4.50 to $5 a barrel, which is U.S. flag transportation cost to get it up here. Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Yeah, so that makes a little sense and that’s very helpful, thanks very much. And then I’ve got a chart of LLS, Maya in front of me for what it’s worth, I mean obviously there was a bump up in Q4, and clearly your earning have been benefited from that. Maybe just talk a little bit about market conditions as we come into Q1 in terms of particularly the surprise, but I guess we feel in terms of Mars and Maya benefiting your results more than expected. 
Joe Gorder: Well Maya discounts we’re very good in the fourth quarter, a lot of that has to do with the weakness that we saw in WTS there, despite that discount a bit, and then also we mentioned that the residual fuel markets were weak and so that helped it all. So those residue is still weak today, the WTS discount has come in a bit so those margins have compressed a little bit, but Len and I were talking about it earlier today, I guess we’re seeing medium sours pricing to the Gulf now, basically at a flat price to Light Sweet domestic crudes.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Right.
Joe Gorder: So anyway, we’re still seeing decent discounts on these and you’re seeing pressure on light sweet as more if it gets there.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities: Okay, thanks very much.
Joe Gorder: Our Houston and our Corpus Christi refinery due to some units that we have shutdown in the last few years, we’re able to support a project that allows to be underneath the greenhouse gas permitting. The fiscal affect the industry I’m sure everybody is looking at this in terms of investment, it may ultimately limit how big some of these investments can be, if they can make an decent investment, that keeps you below the greenhouse gas permit. So in both our crude expansion project at Corpus and at Houston are spud pretty much at that level.
Joe Gorder: No. I would say no. The gasoline, that was a good quarter, 100,000 barrels a day gasoline is a good quarter for gasoline exports but we have the ability probably fall and take out 225.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. 280 is where we would say we’re today and then we got logistics projects as we mentioned that improved docks and just really takeaway capacity. We expect to take us up to about 425,000 barrels a day of capacity.
Joe Gorder: No, no, we’re working on projects right now, some of them will come on in the second quarter, but really I think these projects that we’re taking about will have in place by the end of the year or early next year.
Joe Gorder: Yeah. Some of these projects and really primarily the stuff we’re doing in St. Charles and Port Arthur take us up to about 250.
Joe Gorder: Well, China is not running residue anymore. They’re running crude, okay. So that’s back resilient in the marketplace and then with Libya production back on line, we just found ourselves in longer-supply that we have been in the past. So that would help.
Joe Gorder: See, it’s really kind of too soon to say, too soon to get any guidance for the first quarter, particularly in the margin. However we did say that the heavy differentials or discounts did narrow, so. 
Joe Gorder: Okay. In the fourth quarter, we did have an increase in our receivables quite a bit, it’s about $700,000 to $1 million, but that is really a timing issue as our cash received task picked up quite a bit here in January. And part of the differentials that are the reduction in cash as we had our federal or tax payment in the fourth quarter too a large one. So that was part of the reason cash going down.
Joe Gorder: Maybe, I’d just answer, that’s way out in the future, but I will say to you that the marginal cost of transportation is going to be, why it’s going to be the debt. So if Bakken lays into the East Coast at $15 to $17 by rail, and you can lay it into the U.S. Gulf Coast that $12 by rail, it’s going to have an inherent differential there. I think that’s why you saw one of our competitors lock up some transportation – water transportation from the Gulf coast up to the East Coast. So we would think then those differentials – when the markets are imbalance, we’ll all equate close to the tariffs of the marginal source, water from the Gulf Coast to the East coast or rail from the Bakken or somewhere out there to the East Coast versus getting it all down to the Gulf coast.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah. I guess, I’ll get you on that, once you’re imbalanced, but the moment you flipped to a net long position on the crude and you feel that all the coast. I guess, this is what I’m trying to get to.
Bill Klesse: All right. Well, Evan, good morning. We are looking at a lot of real projects. And in the logistics capital, if I look at the logistics capital that we have in the 2013 budget is a lot of it has to do with dock capacity, logistics, sure that we have the ability to export the volumes that we’ve got. We think today, we can put 225,000 barrels a day gasoline on the water and we’re looking at ways to increase that at St. Charles at Port Arthur These all we think we can move to 80 a day and we’re looking at projects to take that up to over 400 barrels a day. So a lot of the capital that we have and the capital forecast is for that. In addition, we announced that we bought the railcars and we’re working projects to figure out where we want to take this crude with these railcars. I mean we certainly have somethings in mind, but we are looking at projects, for example, at St. Charles to rail crude in. We’ve got a project that rail crude into Quebec. We’ve got the two West Coast refinery that we’re looking at rail options for. And then Memphis we think we can rail a significant amount of crude in domestic. So we’re working all those options and the guys are going through the overall logistics strategy for that including potentially additional railcars. So as far as the capital attributed to it, right now we don’t have anything identified above the plan.
Bill Klesse: So all those things just to clarify, all those things Joe was talking about, I mean those are included in our strategic growth category which is just under $1 billion for 2013.
Bill Klesse: We can.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I apologize. Technical problem. I hope I didn’t get my course of questions taking here. I wanted to follow-up on Jeff’s, if I may real quick and then I’ll got a follow-up. I guess this question is really for Joe, but as you see the light sweet bar increase in terms of volume in the Gulf Coast, what’s happening to the relationship as you see it for heavy crude particularly as it relates to this historical discount to LLS and what I’m really trying to get out is, if you eventually see LLS move to discount to Brent, do you expect the heavy medium sour oils could maintain their relationship with LLS or not with the discount. I’m just curious as to how you see that playing out and then I’ll got a follow-up please.
Bill Klesse: Just because of the availability, we’ll see at Keystone actually gets filled. But as you can see in the press today, enterprises having trouble moving the oil, once it gets to Houston. so we have a lot of availability and personally, we’ve said that the discount and I know its different today, okay? The discount LLS against Brent will move to several dollars at least tariffs, but it could move more. And those will be attractive to run that, but it’s read, it’s just so available where the heavy barrels are having to be imported. So now you start to look around and as I said it depends on what have to a Keystone. But as you begin to look around, the Mexican volumes are moving in different directions, you have the Venezuelan volumes moving different directions, you do have increases in Columbia. So we just manage the supply function here and think the light crude is going to be readily available.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, nice for the full answer, Bill. My follow-up is probably something that you’ve been asked a lot about recently, but your free cash flow obviously steps up this year. You had made this comment again in your rounding statement about having the competitively highest yield in the sector. Can you just help us understand what was framing that, the scale of ultimately what you think between your dividend policy and buybacks? And I guess you could bring into the answer perhaps shares that you issued in the middle of the crisis in terms of whether or not but I don’t know that would prioritize buybacks over dividend increases and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, Doug, I think we clearly have demonstrated the management team that we return cash to the shareholders. You go back to 2006, 2007, when we did not have better opportunities, we bought a lot of shares which we did get some criticism for, but actually we didn’t have better projects, so we returned cash to the shareholders. So we’ve demonstrated our ability to return cash to the shareholder. In the last two years, we purchased 27 million shares. We’ve increased our dividend several times. We continue to buy our shares, because we think our shares are undervalued. We do not think the market is giving us credit for this distribution of our retail businesses. But on the other hand, we’re going to maintain our investment grade rating, we think it’s very important for a company of our size. I actually mentioned, we’re paying off about $500 million of debt here in the first half. And with this volatility that we have in the marketplace today, we are going to hold more cash. So a couple of our projects are slightly behind, obviously as we said, we’re a $100 million over from our previous guidance at St. Charles hydrocracker. So we’re going to make sure we finish all that. Then what we tend to do is look at our balanced approach to everything. In our business, this is a very capital intensive long lead time of business. And if we believe that we can add more shareholder value than we can looking at our stock price today, then we make these investments. So we tend to have balance in our approach. You ask about the approximate 50 million shares that we issued in, I guess the second quarter of 2009. And sure, we would like to take those out. And everybody that supported us at that time sure, have a nice return as well. And but it’s not a goal for say, it’s more of our, the stock is undervalued, and we’ll have a balanced approach.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: We appreciate the answer Bill, thanks.
Bill Klesse: Well, I would assume others are doing what we are doing. We are fixing docks, we are increasing our capability, so if Corpus Christi come, the second quarter we will be able to load a lot more onto water. Lead time for railcars is a year to 18 months, lead time on barges is a year. 
Bill Klesse: Well, I think Joe answered you earlier said, we are looking at rail at St. James, St. Charles, so that’s the Louisiana.Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: I don’t know the numbers I think as well as you do, but it does not surprise me to be a lot of railcars, I just don’t know those kind of numbers.Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Sure, okay.
Bill Klesse: But we’re looking at the same thing that I’m sure you here from the other people.Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co.: Gotcha. Thank you, guys.
Bill Klesse: And so I think as far as a refiner goes, we’re still a supplier, marketer into those markets. So our action speak for themselves.
Bill Klesse: It has not changed at all. We have said that we will look at this seriously. We watch what’s happening in the marketplace, and I’m really talking about logistics and [turmoil] here. But really for our organization, the retail spin is occupying many of our people and we need to execute to get this done first. So I haven’t changed what we’re seeing on this subject at all. 
Bill Klesse: However, we will be always acting our economics self interest on this. So we switch to a domestic crude, because it was more economic. 
Bill Klesse: Well, into a sunk coker I have said to all of you that we need in this 10% range, so that we would have economics to go through the coker, but if you – to have good economics in the coker you need 15%, so but I…
Bill Klesse: However I think it’s just ridiculous. There is pipelines everywhere, there is a pipeline in front of your home, have in the streets. Canada there is an LOI and the refineries in the U.S. Gulf Coast need the Canadian order and the jobs and the assets and the tax payers are here in the United States. But my opinion is not better than yours. 
Bill Klesse: I will note that this business is a taxpayer of nearly $500 million in the quarter.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks. 
Bill Klesse: And who can take it and it will drive. So if you can’t export crude, then it’s going to be pushing to another refinery, some other place. The other stand we’ll keep doing is discounting and keep backing out some of these other types of crudes, exactly what Valero is looking at here at our Houston refinery where we are a feedstock buyer, we’re looking at crudes units produce our own feedstock.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: It’s not to a great extent. We would need the projects and it’s because you would overload your light and handling capability.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah.
Bill Klesse: However, we are very smart people and our people are happy and trying to figure out how to handle the light in. But the increment would be, if the delta gets wide enough, we’re going to take it to Quebec.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Yeah. And so that one a pretty quick too I imagine.
Bill Klesse: Well, it’s a 200 and some thousand barrel a day refinery, but yeah, we’ll say it will be, because we like those numbers and they were also involved in line nine, so you will be feeding Quebec from a lot of different ways. And that will be another refinery that today is a – so it’s Canada, but today we’re on four and sweet for Canada, and instead of may grow in U.S. and Western Canadian.Robert Kessler – Tudor, Pickering, Holt, & Co.: Thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Gene Edwards: Rob, you’re wrong. I mean your description of the market is what we’re seeing. I mean Corpus crude is trading less than Houston crude, and Houston crude is less than St. James. So where we expect going forward, I think if St. James is going to be Bakken based, it’s always going to price more than Eagle Ford into Corpus or the Mid-Continent crude to Permian crude into Houston.
Gene Edwards: Yeah, Roger there are several key drivers, natural gas is one of them, diesel is one of them, overall crude is one of them. We've got sensitivities for barrel and the appendix to our standard IR slide deck. To give you a feel for how it’s been running, it's been running at these planned test rates around 50,000 barrels a day. And so far in January where the market has been with low gasoline cracks, but good diesel cracks and pretty cheap natural gas, EBITDA has been up around between $20 and $25 a barrel and we've been running it about 50,000 barrels a day. So it’s been pretty much what we expected. And this is kind of a depressed environment – assume January as full year commodity price debt, but in this environment, it’s been pretty darn good.Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Definitely sounds like it. And then, as we think about moving into the spring time, the gasoline crack typically would react a lot better.
Gene Edwards: Yeah, we’ll see where it shapes out, because as Bill mentioned, the catalyst is highly selective right now which is advantageous, we’ll where it shapes out, but I’m not ready to change the base model for it.Roger Read – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, for the parent for Valero, I mean we’ve just got $7 million worth of debt. We’ll be receiving as we put into release $1.1 billion in cash from the separation. we’ll have about $300 million of tax leakage associated with the separation. And then of course, we are retaining 20% of CST Brands and at some point in the future, I think within 18 months, we’ll dispose.
Mike Ciskowski: As I mentioned its coming a bit Paul and a lot of it had to do with the fact that WTS was dislocated for a period there when there was some turnaround activity in midcontinent. So that and then the fact that residuals have been priced at a significant discount, both of those contributed to the mine discount. It has come in a bit and then the Mexicans have adjusted to K to try to get it back relating to market should we see us. I think we still have decent discounts that they have come in.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I'm going to say it's not going to happen. And obviously LIFO used in many, many industries, it's not unique to the oil business, but I don't say it would happen, and if it did happen, let's say it did, and we would obviously lobby for a payment schedule. But I mean obviously.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks guys. Appreciate it.
