Mike Ciskowski: This is Ciskowski. I’m trying to get a handle on this issue, it’s obviously very difficult. Joe gave you a couple of our perceptions as to the market and our estimate of costs. I guess I need to remind you that we’re no longer in the retail business. So we're not focused on the street that CST Brands and our other operations. So we're a wholesaler. Valero is obviously trying to pass the tool where we can. We're obviously trying to recapture it where we can. Our opinion is we’re getting some of it in the crack, but we're not getting all of it and now we can have a debate whether we’re getting 50%, 25%, but we think we're getting some in the crack, but not all of it. And then, but having said all that Valero is going to maintain a competitive or be competitive to our wholesale branded customers where we capture the risk. And we will stay competitive and as if in fact the street and these other people are taking it on the street. We’re going to be competitive to our customers – for our customers.Jeff Dietert – Simmons & Co.: Thanks, Bill. Thanks, Jim.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I think it’s something we can kick around Paul, clearly we are just not there yet and we got to think through what the competitive implications are.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, I have never given longer term guidance than about two years out, I have said and I have thought 2014 would be in the $2.5 billion range previously and all we have done here is say, hey, it’s $2.5 billion to $3 billion. So to me, we’re still in the range, we are still in our budgeting for next year. So whether it is the new norm or not, I don’t know, I think it depends on whether or not we believe we will add value through some of these discretionary projects. I have said several times that our stay-in business, when I call the whole making an agenda to business, turnaround, regulatory, all of that seems to run somewhere in the $1.6 billion to $2 billion range. And then on top of that we add this discretionary area. But your main question is, it's bout returning cash to the shareholder and I think that if we have projects that add greater value, we're going to presume and if we don't we're going to return the cash to the shareholder and I don't see that as one big change from what this management team has been doing.
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah, by 14 not a whole lot more, it's not till these the toppers have done in early 2015 that would be able to increase those. And those I think…
Mike Ciskowski: Yeah but if you’re really talking – it’s not until 2015 conversation. But if you take the Houston plant, it is 70, down in Corpus it’s 90, we’re looking at Port Arthur where we have a ideal crude tower. Our excess crude tower in excess basin tower is probably 50,000 to 75,000 and we’re something – Quebec is already a sweet crude refinery but we’ll be subbing in North American crude more and more as we go through time. And then at Meraux, we’ll be running more liner crude there as well. So (inaudible) price et cetera significant, then we have these little change or add this deal here and repipe this project that’s going on too. But as you – he’ll give you numbers.
Mike Ciskowski: So we are blending where we can and diesel side is what Joe is talking about more, because we have a customer base here.
Mike Ciskowski: And the customer base goes into a terminal, I mean everybody sees I guess somebody said the $1.36 RIN. So I mean it’s a matter of customers as well. So where we can we have added facilities where we are blending, but clearly the marketplace is in disarray because the wholesale racks theoretically anyway you got all these different prices now.
Mike Ciskowski: We are trying to minimize, if the question is that you are trying to do things to minimize your exposure, the answer is absolutely.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, so it’s not fractionation per se. We don’t think I answered this on the last call, last April. I don’t think we add value per se just to build the fractionator. But where Valero, we don’t really have a competitive advantage over some of these guys like enterprise for instance, you can come in and build fractionator, but what we do, do is, we have alkylation units in all our refineries, alkylates are great blend stock.  When you look at how we make gasoline, gasoline, gasoline’s are Brent. If you remember that it’s made up of all these different components, and so as we look at our system. We have, we believe we’re going to very inexpensive butane subsequent to last, we have spend the last 10 years of our maybe 15 years of our careers, we’re moving butanes from gasoline. And the one way you can stick butane back into gasoline is by alkylating it, or making a longer carbon chain. And so, as we see normals coming and converting them to butylene and you see cheap or inexpensive isobutane. There is we just think this is a good option in a refinery to be able to increase that the amount of that blend stock.
Mike Ciskowski: Our accounting is based on whatever our RINs deficit is and we amortize them. We purchase forward, we have been purchasing a number of contracts and we amortize that cost in as a deficit basically created.
Mike Ciskowski: So this is Ciskowski. I don’t think it will impact in the sense of the extremes. I do think that you’re not going to see one person trains anymore. You are not going to see trains less sitting on the siding, full of products. I think it’s just one of those areas that people just hadn’t focused on and this is a very tragic accident and I mean, we all understand that. So I think you're going to see more of the procedures. You’re going to see a very strong review of procedures. I think you will see the cooperation increased in North America here between Canada and the U.S. on regulation on – maybe on tank car design. You will see more on these bonnets beeping them up. I think also you'll have a conversation that will pull the Mexicans into this as well. But rail and crude, railing ethanol, railing distillers grain, railing corn, railing asphalt, propanes, they're all here. They are part of the distribution system. But there will be procedural things that will change. I mean this train was left below. I don't think you're going to be leaving a train on the side with nobody there anymore.
Mike Ciskowski: Well, in the back of our handout, we have that big map where we made this price call it 12 to 18 months and we said, New York Harbor is where we see the equilibrium point between Brent and delivered sweet crudes into the harbor. So you take Brent plus a couple of bucks for freight, and so we’ve been saying that’s where a lot of these balances run these costs. And then you back up from there, and so we think overtime, you’re going to have these differentials, because the crudes got to move to the markets and it’s got to displace the foreign barrels. So – but sure you’re going to have a spot month or two of what’s going on right now, but we don’t believe they’re going to last. So we’re in business for the long term.
Mike Ciskowski: In our appendix it’s in there, we put all those numbers in there, and so I think we say 12 to 24 months is our price outlook. But the basis is the East Coast being equilibrium. So Gulf Coast, we think that LLS is several dollars below that.
Bill Klesse: So that’s a perspective question. Today, with the gasoline cracks where they are at the peak of the gasoline season, and we are primarily talking about gasoline.
Bill Klesse: Then I would say that you are not seeing it, because we have good cracks. But the part of that question was, do we include that in our economics, and the answer is yes. And so, as we look down the road, end of the fourth quarter I don’t know what the world will look like, but it is turning into a cost to manufacture for our company, certainly for the independent refining segment of the industry.
Bill Klesse: Well our goals continue to be, as I’ve stated over the years, we’re going to maintain a safe operation. We’re going to maintain our investment grade rating. We’re going to hold a little more cash. These are the things that I have continually said. We are investing in reliability. We think in this world you have to be reliable. So what the company can do to support our people in the refineries by investment we’re doing. But then, this is a long-term capital investment business. And the marketplace has given us these opportunities because I know people are questioning methanol and you see some comments on petrochemicals. So the marketplace has given us this, given us lot of natural gas, giving us the potential from very inexpensive butanes, which obviously can be converted to gasoline, and Valero has the wherewithal, the expertise, the talented people to be able to construct and operate these type of plants. We have sustainable competitive advantages by extensions and bolt-ons to our existing assets and these are sustainable. So [I’m] getting to be an old guy and I look at what management does, and I think part of management’s job is to take our cash flow and look at our alternatives. Do we have projects that will give our shareholders value, growth, over the long-term, and if we do and we look at our stock and how we think our stock is priced, but if we do have these, then we should presume for our shareholder, and if we don’t, we return cash. I think this management team has done a very good job at this, frankly. Over the years we bought a lot of our stock. There was a lot of stock issued in the acquisition period of Valero’s history and we’ve bought a lot of stock back over the years. We raised our dividend. We got caught by the Great Recession just like a lot of people and had to regroup. But once we got past 2009 and 2010, we’ve gotten back on the same path we were on before of returning cash to the shareholder. We do continue to think our stock is inexpensive and we know that many of our shareholders are looking for yield anywhere they can get it. But we do think the marketplace has given us some opportunities. So, we match it all up. We bought in the last 2.5 years 41 million shares. We spent about $1.2 billion around share repurchases. I’ll probably get criticized from a few guys because some of those shares we brought at high year prices. We raised our dividend numerous times, and I’ve made comments to the investment community that when we have the hydrocrackers done, management will look at the dividend and make a recommendation to our Board. So we’ve done that. Methanol has, actually it’s gotten some feedback from some of you that are questioning that. Well, Valero is very uniquely positioned at our St. Charles refinery. We have a lot of hydrogen production capability. We can pull this syngas of these plants. We can build on ethanol plant for half of what the grassroots methanol plant can be built (inaudible) and with all the hydrogen capability of our own plants and third parties, we think we have an opportunity here to add significant shareholder value. So I feel strongly that this is our job and whether this or alkylation or adding some crude capacities around light sweet crudes, which we don’t have at some of our plants. We certainly don’t want to be buying feedstocks when I am absolutely certain. The light sweet crude is going to be very long on the Gulf Coast. These are the type of jobs I think that are clearly in our shareholders interest, but it has to be a long-term thought process because basically just about anything we are doing anymore with permitting and it now takes us four to five years. So that’s kind of how we look at it.
Bill Klesse: Well, there are two things I would say. You are right. The volume has come off and a lot of it has to do with what we have seen with WTI coming in so tight and that’s affected it, that’s going to vary. And we expect that discount will open up again. So the thing that we give with railcars is, you get tremendous optionality and where you move volumes and we are railing, we are actually railing now some bitumen down to Port Arthur, and that wasn’t in our plan, but we have been able to get that and we are taking it across at commercial drop down or a commercial terminal down there. If we look out a little bit longer-term, Valero has over 6,000 railcars that we currently lease. We use them to move asphalt, we use them to move LPGs, what we’re adding to our fleets, worst-case scenario, we would go ahead and displace these leased railcars and use the ones that we purchased. So we still feel good about our decision to go ahead and get these cars. I guess the fact that we have leased cars provides us a hedge on the downside, but we fully expected as these markets go back to a more normal pricing, which we expect WTI discount to go back out to $7 relative to the Gulf Coast, Bakken open up again, and I think we are going to see more normal discounts, which will put the railcars right back in the market.Robert Kessler – Tudor Pickering Holt & Co., LLC: Understood, thanks Joe.
Bill Klesse: Well, I think everyone on the call understands the RINs issue, and your assumptions when the 2005 and then the 2007 law were passed are very different today than before. The issue boils down to just a few things cellulosic is not available. That is not on the EPA's website, everyone says there is going to be a little cellulosic production this year, but it's totally uneconomic as well. I think it was clearly, let's pass the law and they will come, and it hasn't happened. The other part of the regulation that is clearly you pass part of this advanced biofuels in the sense of the ethanol fees and this, so you get cellulosic. Then the other part of it is, it encourages you or you have to buy Brazilian sugarcane ethanol or somebody sugarcane ethanol. We have a law that encourages you to import over producing domestically. And then on top of all of this, gasoline demand has not continued to grow. It's actually down and now flat. So the whole thing is screwed up and that's why, I said the other day it needs to be redone. And I'm supporting the industry position. I accept that. It needs to be done, redone because Valero is a little bit unique, and that we are a significant ethanol producer and we are also a significant renewable diesel producer. So we think E-10 is part of the fuel mix. We think E-85 is part of the fuel mix. We have no issues with renewable or bio-diesel. We think that's all fine. Some of this technology is pretty damn good. But the EPA solution of going to E-15 is not practical. There are no facilities. Even the service station people are saying they don't know about their tanks and lines. That is no, hardly any certified pumps and you have the car warranties. I understand some of the 2013 car warranties saying, it's okay, but there is a whole lot of culprits out there besides this. So the whole thing needs to be redone.
Bill Klesse: And they get enough pressure from consumers or the option that you see happening, and there will be some bills introduced here is over in Congress and the House and in the Senate, where people are at least understanding that this, the basis of the law are not appropriate anymore, yet there will be some compromise, so I am optimistic.Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay.
Bill Klesse: So now you're jumping from the ethanol business to the petrochemicals?Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC:  I am.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, from ethanol and methanol, okay. Because we think on ethanol, we just think it is fuel mix and we think we have a decent business there. And our people are doing a fine job. So I remember the old saying because renewable fuel, old saying, the renewable fuels association, 'Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered'. We got a good business there and everybody corn prices are up, farmland is up, it's part of the mix, it's accepted by the consumer, so I think some balance needs to get worked into this. On methanol, because we have our own hydrogen plants at St. Charles, we are able to strip the sun gas before we finish and make hydrogen. We can take this sun gas, so we really don't have to build the front-end of methanol plant.Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: All right.
Bill Klesse: And because there is a lot of supply capability and additional capability from an individual plan, when you look at the whole steam sink everything that you have around this. This is why I am saying we think that we will be able to build those plants for about half of what the grassroots plant 60% of the grass-roots plant. The other thing is we used to be in this business. We’re in a joint venture down in Houston. We had managed our shutdown when natural gas prices were going up. Obviously it was part of the MTBE business as well and use methanol to do that. But methanol is a way to move methane in a liquid from, if you think about it. And so, we just think it’s a nice little bolt-on and we’ll develop it little further. But we felt it’s important to get it added into our marketplace, and Valero was looking at this.Doug T. Terreson – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Bill Klesse: Well, I will let Joe and Gene add to this, but remember when you blend, that's when you can separate the RIN, theoretically the RIN has no value till you blend it. Now it all of a sudden the value, and because we can't get – if you don't count the carryover from 12, because you can't get to the mandated volume, you’re short of RINs in the market. So you are just short. Now I understand you're asking about a whole pricing mechanism here, but RINs have taken on the life of their own, they are a market in and of themselves now. And then at the rack, you have to be competitive. We sell ethanol at the market price, we sell gasoline at the market price, and so if the whole industry moves to some different pricing relationships, I'm sure you're correct, but unless the industry moves you can’t capture it.
Bill Klesse: It’s a competitive process and if you try to keep the RIN and other suppliers that’s in the terminal is going to give the RIN to the customer, you are uncompetitive, so it’s all got to balance out, it’s a very fungible market out there, whether it would be the spot level or ethanol level.
Bill Klesse: Well, so many of these plants are bolt-ons or extensions of our business. Because you’re capitalizing on the whole refinery that’s already there, these returns all are north of 25%, on all of them. These are IRRs. So, and we get into a huge conversation here, what is our cost of equity and I’ve even had it with a lot of you that are on the call, and so we look at it and we try to balance and what you’ve really seen with his management team and I keep going back to this is we’ve bought our shares every single year that we’ve been of this as part of this management except 2009 and 2010. And the other component here is next year we only have $200 million of debt that matures and year after that we only have $500 million of debt that matures. So we also see that we have ample cash flow coming out as well. So, I think some of these projects are very good returns. We look at that. We look at where our equity is priced. It’s obviously down from where it was and don’t forget we spot out for the shareholders of CST as well. So I think we’re very shareholder focused here. The only caveat I really stick on is it’s long-term. You got to think we’re looking at long-term shareholder value, not tomorrow afternoon.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Bill Klesse: That would be correct. Back couple of years ago, we made a decision. We weren’t going to buy any refineries, because we thought they were too high priced and we turned around and had a very significant share repurchase. So, yes, we have free cash flow. We have enough cash where we said our cash position is solid. We are going to maintain this investment grade rating. Then, yes, we are going to return the cash to the shareholder.Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Klesse: It will be quicker than that.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great stuff. We can figure it out from there. Last one from me though is to go back to the RIN question and it’s really, just on your guidance that you gave for the full year. If I’m not mistaken you’d talked to the $500 million to $750 million before, but RIN prices were like $0.75. Now they’re up 60% from there and you’re barely above the top end of that range in your guidance. Can you help us understand why we’re not getting kind of proratable impact and it sounds like there will not be a lot of change in your cost even though the RIN cost has doubled, and I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: Absolutely, it will change. Remember when we first started this, they were $0.75, and in January or February they were still $0.05 and then they started moving up. They went to $1. They pulled back to $0.60, $0.70. Then they got back. But next year it would be a much larger number at $1.50 a RIN.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Right.
Bill Klesse: We’ll get into the conversation, well, how much a RIN is going to be in 2014, because you’re totally unfeasible.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Okay. I’ll leave it there, Bill.
Bill Klesse: No, seriously because you have the carryover from 2012. So that’s the big debate this year, but you’re going to have to carry from 2013 into 2014. You can carry in 20%, but there are going to be enough rooms around. So all the way it’s totally not feasible next year.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right, Bill. Thanks a lot. Appreciate that.
Bill Klesse: So our DD&A is running on about $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, at $1.7 billion, and I think it’s very unrealistic to assume we don’t have to spend DD&A or maintain our assets.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Let’s see. I mean effectively one way of looking at this has even effectively doubled your growth CapEx at the margin, but we’re coming of two huge projects in the past year or so that have come online. I’m just wondering what the components are of the new relatively high number for growth CapEx. Could you list the biggest on several projects that you’re going to be investing in? Thanks.
Bill Klesse: And then on slide 32, in that same hand out we gave a little EBITDAs with some of the projects as well, okay. So if you can teach together how we’re looking at them.
Bill Klesse: No, that’s up $5. We think the number needs to be a little higher long-term, so that the drilling industry can make a reasonable return. There seems to be a debate sub four, how much return you’re getting, but if you get into the $5 range, we believe they can make a return, no. You guys would know more about that I suppose than us. But then you look at the butane is coming, here we have alkylation units within our refineries right now. These things just look like something where Valero and its shareholders can really benefit.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah I get.
Bill Klesse: My counting then the other one that I just said, so we’ll pick up another 50 to 100 to Port Arthur and Meraux.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. So in closing from me, end 2015, how much more slight sweet would be if you like a substitution and how much more would be incremental throughput in what throttle. And I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Bill Klesse: The overall crude capacity will be higher per share.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I know that.
Bill Klesse: Not our throughput capacity.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got you. Okay. That's great. And so...
Bill Klesse: Remember we run today, I guess officially we'd say we're 2.3 million barrels to 2.4 million barrels a day of crude, but we’re 2.8 million barrels to 2.9 million barrels of throughput, because we're buying these other items.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. And I don't want to take up the whole call, but that's very helpful, and I will come back potentially with more. Thanks a lot.
Bill Klesse: Well, it depends on the cost of the RIN. So you have to have a basic crack. So sooner we'll have a basic crack that says, hey, it's profitable to make those barrels. Then you have if RINs are $1.50, technically you have $0.15 a gallon here that you're playing around with. So you can be very competitive going in export versus the U.S. market, as far as ramping up.
Bill Klesse: I think Joe is giving you a capacity conversation and I don’t think it’s realistic because the industry is in the same boat and so yes, we are on the Gulf Coast and we have that capability, but so like other people and you get down to the basic, you got to have the basic racks. So yes, the way you’ve phrased your question, Joe answered you, yeah, we would have capability. Yes, we are on the Gulf Coast, so we could do that, but I would not want lead you down a path that this would be a significant solution for us. I don’t think so.Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I appreciate, yeah, go ahead.
Bill Klesse: Well, it remains to be seen and there will be political considerations as well, because I mean Valero, we buy from the Persian Gulf suppliers. And they have a stake in this market, and their crude is more medium than this light that we are talking about, but this isn't today's issue and it’s probably not tomorrows’. This is probably a 2015, 2016 conversation, but over time the U.S. is going to have a lot more oil on the Gulf Coast than I think the refining industry got to figure out how to run it.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thank you. That's very clear.
Bill Klesse: Well these alkylate units would be $200 million, $300 million and all the sulfuric acid Valero would not build the new HF Alky and as we look at our system there would be on the Gulf Coast.
Bill Klesse: But those kind of things will take a little time, but to me that's rare. We'll see more procedures and maybe it's in the operating area. 
Bill Klesse: And then, if it is we operate a very – we strive all the time for safety and reliability and at some times we take a look at it. 
Bill Klesse: Well it is a very fair question and we are looking at this because the market place is changing so quickly because I am of the belief that United States can have a huge manufacturing and petrochemical resurgence here, our government will figure out how to get behind. But we’ve looked at the Gulf Coast plans, there are in the sense of our crown jewel assets. They give you access to the water, because some products would be exported. Remember Valero was already in the benching time with xylene business. We’re already in the propylene business. So we’re in a lot of these businesses anyway, and so we are just talking about (inaudible), but they’d be along the Gulf Coast. And would we take on several projects at the same time? Sure, we have the capability as the other companies do, they match projects in the capital spend level that we’ve guided you.
Bill Klesse: Yeah, it would absolutely depend on some of our deals. But yeah, hey we’re in business to make money and if it’s not economic to do some, we may have some fees we have to pay a few guys, but and where we have to take it, well we’ll have to do it, make the best of it. But we try very hard to maintain optionality on these deals. I’m sure, if you don’t have any spreads, you’re going to optimize.
Bill Klesse: Well, I’d like to – went away and phrase your question, no policy at all.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: No, I mean, you made… 
Bill Klesse: I think we are little better than that. We’ve raised our dividend in January and I said that we would look at it and management would have a recommendation. We have it at our Board meeting this month after we finish the hydrocrackers, but we will look at our balance. We’ll look at our forecast. We’ll look at our payout rate. I have said that Valero wants to be among the highest in dividends and returning cash to our shareholder of our peer group and so we look at those guys as well. So I feel like there is more of a process, but we don’t say the July Board Meeting is a dividend meeting. It is a dividend meeting with the Board, but we don’t say management is going to raise the dividend or some at the January meeting or the April meeting or the July. We go into it with us having looked at our forecast where we think our cash is, do we think we can sustain it, and then we make a recommendation to the Board.Paul Cheng – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Joe Gorder: Yes, because some of those projects we’re talking about, we won’t spent that much anyway. We get the railcars coming in, the logistics is still. All those projects are still significant part of that spending as next year.
Joe Gorder: You mean which would be more important like a Brent or an LLS or TI?Roger D. Read – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah and maybe how LLS fits in, in terms of driving the Gulf Coast market there.
Joe Gorder: Good morning, Paul.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Howdy. Thanks, well, for the CapEx guidance, early CapEx guidance. We appreciate that. Bill, you mentioned really part of my question, which was the $1.6 billion to $2 billion that you have the ongoing stay-in business CapEx.
Joe Gorder: Yeah, Paul, the best guidance we can provide right now about those details would be on slide 19 of our latest IR presentation, which we presented earlier this month and that’s focused on 2013, but the 2014 details are largely in line with that. As we get later in 2013 and we complete our strategic planning process, we’ll be able to hung that and give you the specific chunks, but it’s very similar. We also have specific continuation of spending on existing processes or existing projects. And keep in mind, as Bill said earlier, they’re long-term projects. I know it takes you guys a second to update your model, but it actually take years to get permit and construction and do all these things and to spend the money. So, in order to achieve the returns Bill talked about earlier, it does take some time and that’s why there’s generally going to be continuation of existing projects.
Joe Gorder: We’ll update that later this year as we go through our planning process and complete that.Paul B. Sankey – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: I think that you’re referring to Deutsche Bank models. By the way they’re actually with Deutsche – you’re looking for from a planning. So thinking about how you decide on these investments, I’m looking at your cash flows that are low in 2009 of little bit under $2 billion, maybe last year $5 billion. Is that how we think about it, and we’ve been asking this question in various ways on this call obviously, but I’m just wondering another way of looking at this is that you’ve doubled your – effectively doubled your growth CapEx to the margin against the expectations. You could have effectively doubled your free cash flow, especially in a high risk RINs environment. I’m just trying to drill down into why you’re spending so much money basically. Thanks.
Joe Gorder: Ramping up the exports.Arjun N. Murti – Goldman Sachs & Co.: I mean if the industry is basically out of RINs next year and you guys are on the coast who do have export capability, I mean again Congress is going to have to take actions at some point here, but in the absence of that it seems like you could have a very, very high RIN price well above where you are today. No one wants to shut in their unit, which I guess is the other way to not have a RIN obligation, it would seem like exports is one of the outlets and you guys would seem to have the better position to do that, but just trying to kind of see if we can frame how much you could reduce your volume metric RIN obligation next year, if it’s whatever the right phasing is very, very high RIN price, much higher than where we are right now.
Joe Gorder: All right, so Arjun, let’s assume that the markets out there for the barrels to be exported, okay, and as the Arabs support the exporting and just as an example, we exported 70,000 barrels a day of gasoline. In the second quarter we exported 170,000 barrels a day of diesel. Now those numbers are what they are because we optimize the supply into the marketplace. We had a very strong market to add to because, yeah, Joliet turnaround, and Whiting turnaround, I think we’re down and so we’re able to move barrels to that higher market. Barring that and saying that the market was demanding the barrels abroad, we could go to 225,000 barrels a day of gasoline and 280,000 barrels a day of diesel and then the projects that we’ve gotten underway to improve docks and tankage and segregations at the refineries would allow us to take it up beyond that going forward, particularly with the same trial hydrocarbon coming on and the quality of the diesel fuels that we’re getting out of St. Charles and Port Arthur. So there is capacity.
Joe Gorder: Well, we make a lot of other products and they are all moving around, but if you take our poor relative refining which is a very (inaudible) Maya crude oils, it did very poorly in the second quarter.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Okay.
Joe Gorder: Okay, due to the pricing of Maya. So you can see that have a huge impact.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And then a second question, more broader around the Texas market I guess, I mean you’ve got the Eagle Ford growing some decent Permian well results. Recently you’ve got two major pipelines probably more coming down into Texas. I mean, do you think there is a limit on the effective capacity of the industries to move those barrels over to Louisiana or earlier you spoke about there being enough barges, but it feels like there is a lot of volume and it could cause some stress, any color on that would be helpful.
Joe Gorder: Well, I think as the volume comes into Houston eventually here it’s got to move east. And so you’re going to have shales pipeline running, which have the very high tariff, which is a lot higher than barges. So I think you’re going to see the barges, you’re going to see assets come into play here. Of course it’s got to move. It’s got to move along the coasts, and one of our competitors have signed a deal to take to ship it up to the East Coast by water as well. And so you’re going to see it moving and to us Houston is going to be the bulk of quite of all in this.Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And I mean in terms, I mean obviously does any limit how much light you can run I guess moves across, but as you talk to your major suppliers, I’m thinking Mexicans obviously those mediums coming over from the Middle East. How do you think they're going to respond to the fact that not just yourselves, but the whole industry on the Gulf is going to probably looking for less of their products.
Joe Gorder: Well Faisel we are looking at increasing it everywhere we can as you would expect and for example, with the Diamond Green project, we're going to have a lot of renewable diesel that we can blend it to the pool. But we're looking at every asset we have, and if it requires some modest investment to increase the blending capabilities there, we're going to do it. And but generally said, I mean we just don’t have access to the terminal assets to control blending up all the products that we produce. We are a merchant refiner, and we sell a lot at the plants of the refinery and we just don’t have the opportunity to blend that up.
Ashley Smith: Yeah, that’s it. I mean, when you are referring to light-heavy either you are talking about really kind of the sour crudes versus the sweeter crudes in general?Edward G. Westlake – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Yes.
Ashley Smith: Because, they were – you are right. The discounts at all of those crudes relative to the sweet crudes were off and we should just like, we ran about the same amount of heavy sour crude. Core Q2 2012 versus Q2 2013, we ran quite a lot less medium sour though, because it tended to be just out of the market. Now, on the heavy sour side, we don’t provide all of our heavy sour for example, Maya so we had some advantages there. But I don’t know of anything else overlaying, I don’t know of anything else going on in the Gulf other than that.
Ashley Smith: Okay. Thank you, Lorissa, and I just want to thank everyone for listening to our call today. I believe we set a record for me, thank you for that interest. Please visit our website or contact Investor Relations for additional information.
