John Locke: Thanks, Vanessa. Good morning and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Mike Ciskowski, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Lane Riggs, our Executive Vice President of Refining Operations & Engineering; Jay Browning, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel, and several other members of Valero's senior management team. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under Federal securities laws. These are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe for a few opening remarks.
John Locke: Yeah, Evan, this is John. I think you summed it up. We really don't have kind of a forward view on turnarounds that we can share. I know there's resources out there where people can go and get views from contractors and what not, but I think our in-house view is we just don't have forward guidance on turnarounds.
John Locke: Okay. Thanks, Vanessa. Thanks everyone for calling today. If you have any additional questions, please contact me or Karen Ngo after the call. Thank you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. During the quarter, our team again operated safely and reliably, and did a good job of capturing margin in a low, but improving margin environment. We also executed our projects well, completing major turnarounds and progressing on growth investments, while optimizing our portfolio. These actions enabled us to produce positive cash flow and to return a healthy amount of cash to stockholders. In the market, we continue to see solid product demand domestically and internationally. The sustained low price of crude oil and petroleum products, along with strong export demand, helped create a pull on domestic product inventories. We're also encouraged by the modest return of domestic shale crude production, which is good for diesel demand and crude differentials. On the downside, we continue to see negative impacts on Valero's earnings from exorbitant RINs prices. For the year, we expect to incur costs in the range of $750 million to $850 million to purchase RINs. At these levels, the expense is significant to our company and has our full attention. You've likely seen that we filed a petition with the EPA to address this issue. Our efforts are focused on moving the point of obligation, which we believe will not only level the playing field among refiners and retailers, but it'll also improve the penetration of renewable fuels, reduce RIN fraud, lower RIN speculation, and reduce costs for the consumer. We have had many constructive conversations with regulators and these conversations continue today. As you'd expect, we continue to work this issue aggressively. As I mentioned a moment ago, our refining operations were very good. We ran reliably during the quarter and experienced very little unplanned downtime. We completed major turnarounds at our Port Arthur and Ardmore refineries, which our teams planned very well and executed safely and successfully, and we will be wrapping up the restart process over the next few days. Our ethanol business performed very well, recording its highest operating income contribution since the fourth quarter of 2014. Our plants are the most competitive in the industry and are run by dedicated people. So it's great to see them again contributing to Valero's earnings in a meaningful way. Regarding strategic investments, we're pleased to have both our new crude units up and running. The Corpus Christi crude unit, which was completed late last year, and the Houston crude unit, which was completed in June, both ran well during the quarter. Turning to the development of our Houston alkylation unit, the project is in the engineering and procurement phase and on track for completion in the first half of 2019. The economics of this project look good, given the tight outlook for octane and it also positions us well for Tier 3 gasoline compliance. Looking ahead to 2017, we expect spending on capital investments to be similar to the budget for 2016, which was $2.6 billion. I also want to share an update on our portfolio. Effective October 1, we disposed of our Aruba business. We've been on the island and in the community for a long time and worked hard to produce a win-win for Valero and the Government of Aruba. In addition, the Government of Aruba secured a new operator who plans to invest capital in the site and operate it as a bitumen upgrader, which should have a positive economic impact on the community. We're happy for the people of Aruba and for the assets to have a renewed purpose on the island. With respect to Valero Energy Partners, the dropdown of the Meraux and Three Rivers Terminal in September helped us achieve our dropdown target for the year. Yesterday, we announced the distribution increase of 5.5% for the third quarter, which puts us on track to deliver 25% distribution growth through 2017. Although we don't plan to provide dropdown guidance for 2017 at this time, we are comfortable setting the target for annual distribution growth for 2018 of at least 20%. You'll hear more from VLP on their call later this week, but VLP has excellent operations, is in great shape. And finally, despite significant turnarounds during the quarter and the low-margin environment, we generated solid cash flow from operations. So far this year, we returned 148% of net income to stockholders and we're well ahead of our 75% payout ratio target for the year. We're also extending our payout ratio target of at least 75% of net income to 2017. So with that, John, I'll hand the call back over to you.
Joseph W. Gorder: Roger, this is Joe. I mean, if assets came into the market, we'd look. But I would tell you, no, there's nothing on the radar screen right now outside of what Mike described to you. I think if you look at our system, you see where we could produce the greater synergies and that would be the U.S. Gulf Coast, and so that is our focus.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, okay. So, it's very hard for me to comment on the political situation, so let me focus on the second part first. Okay? And I mentioned that the conversations that we've had have been very constructive. We've had conversations not only with the regulators, but also with the White House. And there is a clear acknowledgment that the structure of the current program isn't delivering the desired results. And so, these are smart people that we're talking to, and they're really trying to understand it and figure out. So, as an industry, let me just say this, the independent refiners, AFPM and certainly Valero, we're working with them to help them understand the issue, certainly as we see it. And there's a clear acknowledgment that we've got a situation that needs to be resolved. Now, as far as the political climate, you know what, we're couple of weeks away from the election. And although we would love to see something change this year, I don't know that we'll get that. But it's certainly receiving enough attention and it is being discussed, to the point where we believe that it's getting worked and that we should have some type of resolution and relief in the not too near future.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah. Paul, that's a very good question and let me just share this that when we have looked at our ability to acquire additional assets in California historically, we have been precluded. And it's more of a FTC issue for us than anything else. I think it would be very, very difficult for us to execute another refinery acquisition in California. Perhaps the West Coast would be something that would be viable, but I don't think we could get another deal done in California. So, it really hasn't been something that we've spent a lot of time talking about.
Joseph W. Gorder: And, Jeff, just one thing. We're not trying to be resistant to giving you guidance on this. But if you look historically at where they've been, from 2011 to 2015, I think RIN price averaged like $0.33. Last year they were like $0.55 – $0.50 to $0.55. This year, obviously, they've been higher than that. And I think a lot of it comes down to where is the EPA going to set the RVO. And if they set a high RVO, where they're pushing us through the blend wall, I think we can all expect that we're going to have high RINs prices. And if they set it at a reasonable level that's achievable by industry, then I think we'll see it come off again. There's so many reasons that it's high right now, but it is clearly those with length are taking advantage of those that are short, and we're seeing that in the speculation in the market. So again, it's an unregulated market with not a lot of transparency. It is really very, very difficult to forecast.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, obviously – and I'll let Mike speak to this. But, Doug, obviously, we're always looking at that. And Mike mentioned earlier, okay, you use 75% of net income because it provides absolute transparency into what the number is, and that's one of the things that we use for planning purposes. Mike's also looking at his percentage of cash flow dependent on how things are there. And then again, we continue to look at the balance between the dividend and the buybacks. In our view, though, the dividend is nondiscretionary. The buyback is discretionary. And so we need to be very confident that we're going to continue to have cash flows and that we're going to be able to continue to manage the capital budget the way that the company's done over the last couple of years to be sure that if we increase the dividend, we're good to go. So, Mike, with that what would you...
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, for now we're going to stick with the 75%, Doug. And I think we've answered it. We're not going get pinned down right now on announcing a dividend increase, that's for sure. But I think we're going go ahead and stick with the 75% for the time being and we'll continue to look at it.
Joseph W. Gorder: Ed, that was – your question was kind of a mouthful. But it was – it's hard to say that, okay, all the incremental income produced from growth projects is going go into the dividend. If we knew what margins were going to be in two months, if we were selling something where we could set the price and set the margin and just the only issue is how much are you going to manufacture, it'd be wonderful. But that's not the way this business functions. And because we've made the commitment to the dividend, we're very careful with it. We've also told you guys, we're not going to sit here and accumulate cash. And that's why we've gone ahead and exceeded the payout ratio target of 75%, because we've had stronger cash flows than we had anticipated. And so we've gone ahead and used the funds accordingly. We have a lot of discipline around the capital budgeting process, and you're not going to see that whipsaw significantly. So, it's not like Lane and Gary and Rich are running out trying to find another $1.5 billion of capital projects so that we can spend the money. So anyway, I think you should expect consistent performance from us on this. And, again, we will continue to look at the dividend and I would expect, as Mike said, that we would continue to try to increase the dividend. But we're not prepared to commit to it right now.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, I'm just trying to think through how to answer that. And I think I would rather not, because we haven't given any guidance on what our absolute RVO is. So giving you a number for it after the fact, but it would go down materially. So...
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know what their plan is. I would love to think that they were going to do it, but I think all we've got commitments from them on so far is that they're going to announce the obligations. It would be very nice if they would open up our petition to a rule making on it so that we could have some conversation around it. And as Jay mentioned, if they would do that, then I think we would see some effect on the RIN price. But I'm not been very good at trying to predict exactly what they're going to do.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, okay. So first of all, we did it because it's a material issue to us and we're a large refiner, and we're going to do what's best for us. Secondly, the AFPM did also file and their petition is similar to ours to move the point of obligation. So it – your third question is, is everybody in the industry of a like mind on this? The answer would be no, and I think it depends on where you happen to sit. If you're long RINs with a more integrated system through retail, I think you're going be a lot more comfortable with the status quo. And if you're an independent refiner or a retail marketer that doesn't have the ability to move up the rack, then you're going to want to see this point of obligation moved. Paul, from my perspective, it's a very simple point of view. It is, you create a situation where the obligation and the point of compliance are two different points, and they shouldn't be. And so it's – by moving the point of obligation, obviously, we align the natural point of compliance with the natural point of obligation. And a lot of this speculation in the RINs market goes away. People will not be incentivized to build inventories of RINs to hold out for higher prices, to squeeze the shorts as we've seen. So anyway, I think I answered you, which -
Joseph W. Gorder: I think that it's going be resolved, but I do not know that it's going to happen before this election cycle happens. And then you tell me what the Obama administration's going to want to deal with between November and January. I can't predict that.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. Yes to all of the above, and trying to continue to build the wholesale business. So we're looking at all those things. Those are the levers that we've got to pull, and then exports is the other one. And I think Gary and his team continue to look at the economics of exports with the RIN in mind, and so we're trying to manage our costs down every way we possibly can.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah. No, it's a priority. Obviously, we've seen a lot of things transact here and we've looked at a lot of things. But it is a priority for us, Chi. I think we'd like to – again, as we said earlier in the call, we'd like to find assets in a perfect world that had third party volume and supported Valero's core business, but either/or is good with us.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yeah, we – I mean, Sam, the fact that we're not out there talking about a bunch of capital projects just goes back to the fundamental principle that we're operating by, which was we don't talk about them until we're confident we're going to do the project. Again, we don't want to get out over our skis and over-commit, and then end up needing to back it down. So I don't think you should read anything into a lower capital number based on lack of opportunities that we're looking at.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, Ryan, this is Gary. I think that we will need to see some economic run cuts in the industry. If you look at what's happened in the market, Chicago has been selling off fairly sharply over the last week and we're starting to see inventories build in the Mid-Continent. So, typically, especially in that land locked region, the market is short product in the summer and becomes long product in the winter. And I think refineries in that region will need to cut to balance the market as we move into the fourth and first quarters. Elsewhere, I think a lot of what you saw last year in terms of refiners running high on utilization and producing summer-grade gasoline was really a function of the steep carry in the market. And certainly at least the Brent curve is flatter this year than what we saw last year. And I think as there's not as much carry in the market, it will go ahead and cause refiners to cut down on utilization and avoid some of the products build that we saw last year.
Gary Simmons: Neil, this is Gary. I think, first, we ran very well and that certainly contributed. When I look at the market factors, I would say the biggest thing I see is, we buy a lot of other feedstocks other than crude, a lot of VGO and resids. And if you look at the pricing of the VGOs and resids that we purchased in the U.S. Gulf Coast system relative to Brent, they were much cheaper than what we saw either last quarter or a year ago at this time. And I would say that was the biggest driver to the capture rates.
Gary Simmons: Paul, this is Gary. I don't know if it was really tied to downtime or not, but we did see very good wholesale demand through our UK system. And our wholesale profitability certainly contributed to our results in the North Atlantic Basin.
Gary Simmons: I guess I'll start with the OPEC cuts, Jeff, that you brought up. So far, we'll know a lot more about what's going to happen there when they have their November meeting. But if you look at the proposed volumes of the cuts, it looks like the volumes are about the same as what Saudi Arabia typically burns in the summer for power generation. So I don't know that we'll see any real impact on exports even if they had the cuts. But overall, the world is still oversupplied with oil and we expect we'll see greater exports from Nigeria, Libya, Kazakhstan, Iraq, and Brazil. So we still feel like on the crude feedstock side, you're going have this competition between medium sour crudes and light sweet, where they're competing for available refining capacity, which will cause the medium sour discounts to be wide. And then with additional exports from Canada and South America on the heavy side, the heavies are going to have to compete with medium sours, and so we expect good discounts there. That's kind of a view of the crude markets. On the product side, I think we think that the gasoline market, as long as you're in this low price environment, you'll continue to see good demand response on gasoline. And then on distillate, we expect a little bit more normal winter weather in both the United States and Northwest Europe will help the distillate market along with some recovery and economic growth, and we'll see a little bit stronger distillate cracks going into next year. Lane, I don't know what else you -
Gary Simmons: Well, yeah – no, Jeff, I think, look, what's going happen in the RINs prices going forward, we've heard a lot of RINs commentary about things that could affect the prices, so I think we have a forecast. We have a view. We set that out. It's a pretty wide range accordingly, right, $750 million to $850 million. You can see where our actuals have been through the year. But we just have to kind of stay tuned and see. We're not prepared to change it at this time.
Gary Simmons: Well, so I'll comment on – really our volumes are not consistent month-to-month. They vary up and down, and I'll let Mike comment on the credit.
Gary Simmons: Yeah, this is Gary. I think we continue to see very good demand for gasoline into Mexico and South America. I think in the short term some of that is certainly driven by refinery outages, but we see good growth in that region and expect that we'll see continued exports into those regions moving forward. Certainly, the opening up of Mexico will also help us with our export business as well. Distillates we see good demand in both South America and the yard to Europe is currently open. So we see very good demand on the distillate side as well.
Gary Simmons: No, Blake, I'll break it apart. On the gasoline side we did 93,000 barrels a day, which is down some, but gasoline typically follows seasonal patterns. While you're in driving season here in the U.S., we typically don't export as much and it's more a statement of the strength of the U.S. market rather than lack of demand into the export markets. ULSD we did 236,000 barrels a day. If you add the jet and kerosene, we were at 283,000 barrels a day. There it was more a function of the turnaround activity we had in the Gulf. The Meraux hydro cracker was down and then we had the Port Arthur turnaround. And so it just limited the availability of export quality distillate into our system, and that's why the numbers are down on the distillate.
Gary Simmons: Blake, you're correct. Normally you would see that. The one thing that's different for us is we've seen that propylene prices spike fairly considerably. So the strength in propylene in our system thus far has really offset the negative impact of the secondary products that we would normally see when flat price goes up.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. Paul, so I think you see these Brent TIR swinging back and forth, and so what we get into is that TI gets priced to where some barrels leave the Gulf and then the arb comes back in and incentivizes imports. So what we've seen is, we saw some barrels leaving the Gulf. It's kind of imbalanced today to where St. James is marginally getting to the point where you would want to import barrels again. So I think that's what you've seen in the crude markets.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Yeah, Roger, this is Mike. It is attractive. We're – on the capital allocation side it's definitely part of our strategy. We're interested in acquiring logistics assets that provide third party revenue or are strategic to our core business. And on the refining side, we're interested in assets that are high quality, globally competitive and advantaged location. So for us that primarily means the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. The capital for 2016 here is, we've adjusted it for $2.4 billion. It's primarily due to lower turnaround costs than what we had anticipated. And then we have some timing on our growth capital expenditure spend that's being lower. It's really a timing issue, as John discussed in his notes. So some of that's being pushed to the future here.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Oh. Yeah. I mean, what we do consider, in a lower earnings environment, the net income obviously is a little bit lower, but we do have quite a bit of depreciation in there. So we look at other factors as well as cash flow. So we'll look at our cash flow generating capabilities and all our sources of cash in paying out and buying back the stock.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yeah, I mean, year-to-date we're at about $525 million is the expense. Second quarter was roughly – or third quarter was roughly $200 million.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Most of the business that we have is with Citgo, but we really don't discuss our credit analysis and stuff with our various customers.
Michael S. Ciskowski: No, we don't include acquisitions in these numbers. I mean, it's the estimate that we have at this time. We've got the turnaround spend being finished here. And so that's the number that we've decided to give at this point. There's probably a little downside – or it will come in a little below that.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, we've already increased the dividend once this year. But if you look at how our history demonstrates, we would like to be in the position of increasing our dividend annually. And as you mentioned, our intention is to pay at the top end of the range, and so we'll monitor that and stay at the top end of the range as we move forward.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I don't really have anything to add to that. I mean, the dividend is the commitment to the shareholder and that is our priority.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, this quarter we had a couple of items that benefited our tax rate. Our guidance was 30%. We had the Aruba disposition and that provided, I guess, it was about 6% improvement on the tax position. We had the favorable settlement on an income tax audit. That provided about 4%. So those would have given us a 28% when you back those out. Our guidance was 30%. So we had a few minor things. Going forward, 30%, 31% looks like a good number.
Michael S. Ciskowski: On our capital, I think next year we're looking at similar to our budget for 2016, about $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion. $1.5 billion of that will be for sustaining and maintenance capital, about $1 billion or so for growth capital, and that will be split about 50%-50% between refining and logistics. So right now we're comfortable at the 75% target on the payout, so that's where we're at on that.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Well, we feel like that the net income is very transparent. There's a lot of things that flow through the cash flow item like working capital items and such that you could have wild swings on your cash flow generation, and so our preference is net income.
Michael S. Ciskowski: It does not have any impact on the previous drops into the MLP. It's not retroactive and it really has no material impact on our plans, on the EBITDA, the amount of EBITDA that we have to drop.
R. Lane Riggs: The only thing I'd comment on is Tier 3. January 1 of this coming year is when Tier 3 really comes into effect. There are people like us who generated credits with our existing units under Tier 2, which put us in position not really needing to get all of our capacity up and running until 2020. But different people – or different companies and refineries are in different position with respect to that. So between 2017 – beginning of 2017 and somewhere in the 2020 timeframe you'll see these units start up. That will destroy octane, so you should see alkylate and the premium regrade strengthen throughout that period.
R. Lane Riggs: Chi, I'm just going to be – I'm going to answer this in general. It's a core value for us to manage our expenses aggressively all the time, but we do that in light of being very reliable. One of the tenets of our operation is we believe we get to a lower cost business by making sure that we implement our liability programs, so we minimize big one-time events that can turn into very expensive expense events. And that's essentially the way we think about running our business.
R. Lane Riggs: Sam, this is Lane. It's an interesting question. I wouldn't say that we have a complete shortcoming of potential projects. We have a strategic outlook, which we believe is we have – we believe that octane is going be in short supply going forward and we believe feedstock flexibility is something that we're always continuing to look at. I'm not going to say that there's not the possibility that somehow our growth CapEx will fall. But we have plenty of sort of small, fast hitting projects that compete in that space. You also got to remember, we have a strategic – we're strategically trying to get the right network (58:51) on our secondary costs through building those assets and dropping them into the MLP. And that's – as Mike alluded to earlier, that's about 50% of our growth CapEx for next year. So...
R. Lane Riggs: Yeah. So, Sam, this is Lane again. Our for funding, or FID (01:00:16) EBITDA for those projects, for Corpus it's $150 million and for Houston it was about $130 million. And so in the third quarter, they both per unit contributed about $45 million a piece. So you can sort of look at the run rate and they're clearly in line with what our funding decisions were with respect to – on the EBITDA basis.
Paul Sankey: You did. I think earlier in the call, Joe, you sort of said you thought it would be resolved. I guess, then subsequently you seem to be saying that you're not very good at predicting it and you're not sure what will come out in November.
Paul Sankey: If I could just ask about the CapEx. Actually you did define how much was growth, how much was maintenance. Are we assuming around $800 million of turnaround? I don't know if you said you didn't want to comment on that. I think that the guidance was originally maybe for $1 billion this year of turnaround and is being dropped. I'm sorry if I got the numbers wrong.
Paul Sankey: That's great. And I just guess the final one would be, the net income target that you've talked about, the fact that you're sailing over that, why don't you look at it just purely from a cash point of view? Because you said that, because of the strength of cash, you're paying out more. Wouldn't it be smarter or easier for us all to just use a cash-on-cash dividend target? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: While I've got Lane. Could you just talk about the recent draw on inventories that we've seen, Lane, and imports of crude? What's your perspective on that somewhat surprising series of draws that we've seen? And I'll leave it there, I promise. Thanks.
