Ashley M. Smith: Thank you, John. Good morning. With me today are Bill Klesse, our Chairman and CEO; Mike Ciskowski, our CFO; Gene Edwards, our Chief Development Officer; Joe Gorder, Executive Vice President and President of European Operations; Kim Bowers, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Jean Bernier, Executive Vice President. If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at valero.com. Also attached in the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact me after the call. Before we get started, I would like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by the Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Ashley M. Smith: Thanks, Mike. For modeling our first quarter operations, you should expect the refinery throughput volumes to fall within the following ranges: the Gulf Coast at 1.38 million to 1.42 million barrels per day; the Mid-Continent at 390,000 to 400,000 barrels per day; the West Coast at 220,000 to 230,000 barrels per day; and the North Atlantic at 450,000 to 460,000 barrels per day. The lower throughput volumes in our Gulf Coast and West Coast regions are due to substantial turnaround activities planned for this quarter, particularly at our St. Charles and Wilmington refinery. A listing of our planned turnaround activities was posted this morning to our website under the News Room. Refining cash operating expenses in the first quarter are expected to be around $4.50 per barrel, which is higher than last quarter due mainly to lower throughput volumes and some higher maintenance cost related to the turnaround activity. Regarding our Ethanol operations in the first quarter, we expect total throughput volumes of 3.5 million gallons per day, and operating expenses should average approximately $0.34 per gallon, including $0.03 per gallon for non-cash costs such as depreciation and amortization. With respect to some of the other items for the first quarter, we expect G&A expense, excluding depreciation, to be around $160 million; net interest expense should be around $85 million; total depreciation and amortization expense should be around $400 million; and our effective tax rate should be approximately 36%. Okay, John, that concludes our opening statements. We will now open the call for questions.
Ashley M. Smith: Okay. Thank you, John, and thank you for listening to our call. If you have any further questions, please contact the Investor Relations department.
Joseph W. Gorder: Okay. Well, Doug, this is Joe. I mean, I'll speak for a minute to the gasoline piece, then somebody else can speak to Aruba. But obviously, with what's happened in the marketplace from a supply perspective, things look encouraging. You've got plant closures in the Northeast U.S., you've got the situation with Petro Plus in Europe. We have Hovensa making announcements. Isla still is running well. So from a supply perspective, products tend to be a bit tighter than they have been. If you look at U.S. gasoline demand, of course it's not particularly strong. But the real story in gasoline continues to be the export markets, where year-to-date through December, we exported 511,000 barrels a day of gasoline, which is up 175,000 from the previous year. So that continues to look good. Now will it continue? I think it probably will. You've got Latin America growing, and they continue to import. Venezuela still has issues at their domestic refineries. And then they're involved of course with Isla and Hovensa. Mexico gasoline imports were up to 405,000 barrels a day, and Petrobras continues to pool gasoline. So if you look at the gasoline markets in general, I think that we're going to continue to see very strong demand, and our export business should continue to be strong. On the distillate side again, you have just average distillate markets here in the U.S., but their exports were also very strong. The industry exported almost 850,000 barrels a day. So that continues, and the same refinery issues that are affecting gasoline are out there for diesel also. The heart [ph] to Europe, which was closed a little bit earlier this year, is now open again, and so we're seeing barrels move that way. Our exports for the quarter were 65,000 barrels a day of gasoline and slightly over 180,000 barrels a day of diesel fuel. So that continues to be good for us. So I hope that answers your question.
Joseph W. Gorder: Jeff, I mean, this is Joe again. I think you cited on so many of the facts that are going to affect this market. I mean, right now, the discounts are weak. And as you've said, resid is very tight. We also had the compression of the WTI-Brent spread which -- where WTS moves with. And so as that came in, as with respect of the relative prices of WTS, so 80% of the Maya formula was affected by those 2 components. And as you mentioned the K factor, we saw the Mexicans adjust the K by $1.90 a month the last 2 months, and we expect them to continue to move that going forward. So although the discounts are weak today, I think our expectation is that we'll see discounts somewhere close to last year's levels, or slightly below as the year moves on.
Joseph W. Gorder: Well, Jeff, we continue to be big supporters of Keystone. We think it's a great project, and we're committed to that pipeline. That being said, we have a strong appetite for heavy sour crudes in the Gulf Coast. And we're watching the other projects as they develop. Obviously, we've got Enbridge and Enterprise that have one project in place. We've got an open season now on another pipeline that would parallel the Seaway project. It runs from [indiscernible] south, the Cushing and then on down to the Gulf Coast. And we support all of these projects that would bring additional crudes into the Gulf.
Joseph W. Gorder: No. I mean, you're exactly right. During the quarter -- I mean, we looked at the market, we saw the spread had blown out to where it was, and we didn't think it was sustainable. And it was affected by Libyan oil being out of the market and then coming back in. And then the announcement of the Seaway reversal of course had a significant effect on it also. And so we anticipated that it would come back in, and so we started shifting as Mike said, to different basins for our hedging and acquisitions.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. And that's a good question, Blake. I mean, we're working on multiple things that are going to facilitate our ability to export more effectively in the future, some logistics projects. But the 2 hydrocracker projects will be a big plus for that. I mean, we will be able to produce diesel fuels that are of a high quality and allow us to move them anywhere. And the European spec is a more stringent spec than just a generic grade, and so we'll be able to move more barrels that direction. And then it all goes to demand. So I'm telling you, we're going to have the ability to export, then it goes to demand. And with what we're seeing in our industry now with refinery closures and shutdowns and reduced run rates, I think we're going to see strong demand. Plus, you have growth in these markets, as Bill said earlier. You got growth in South America, Latin America. You have growth in Mexico. And so in addition to the supply being constrained, you're going to have higher demand. And we're going to be the beneficiaries of that. We always forget how efficient the Gulf Coast refining system is globally, but it is very efficient. And I think we can compete with anybody.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. I guess we would rather not tell you. Okay? I mean, it's a fair question, but we would rather not tell you specifically what we're doing relative to our crude acquisitions. I mean, I think we had a pretty good feel for the market. We made some good decisions, and I'd rather just kind of stop there.
Joseph W. Gorder: At Colonial, we'll see it prorated, right? I mean, it's going to stay full all the time. A lot of barrels are moving out of the Gulf to Florida. They can also move around to the East Coast. It always becomes, from our perspective, an arbitrage opportunity. Where can you supply the East Coast demand that we have most efficiently? Is it out of the Gulf, or is it out of Québec or is it out of Pembroke? And so that's the way we would view this. But as far as the Atlantic basin goes -- I mean, there's just volume coming off from a refining perspective, as we've talked about now everywhere. And it's just making it a much more attractive market for the refiner that can move effectively. We look at our supply opportunities, they're significant. And the issue in trying to determine the ultimate -- that bet that you're looking at, comes down to shipping oftentimes. And foreign flag vessels moving from Quebec and from Pembroke into the New York harbor are advantaged.
Joseph W. Gorder: No, not always. Not always. It comes down to just being sure that you're efficient in the supply. And there are factors within the refinery that will affect your decision to move one way or the other, okay, in addition to the barge. But generally, we are trying to optimize the margin.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes. I mean, really, you go to -- the only crude that's out of step with the rest of the market is WTI. I mean, LLS, frankly, no. We're starting to see it move away from Brent, and you'll see that number. I mean, I guess LLS is $1.62 below Dated Brent today, which is a change from where it was last year. But it's weakening. And it's weakening because you're seeing more sweet barrels pushed into the Gulf Coast. And it goes to the thesis that I think Bill and Gene have shared with you guys in the past, that ultimately, domestic sweet crude pushing to the Gulf Coast is going to put pressure on LLS margin. It'll put pressure on foreign sweet pricing. And ultimately, you could see foreign sweet crudes completely backed out of the market. It'll be a benefit to the Gulf Coast refiners. I mean, we've run sweet crude at Meraux. We run sweet crude in Houston, as Gene said. And if you back the foreign sweets out of the Gulf, you're going to benefit Pembroke and Québec also as those prices come down.
Joseph W. Gorder: Yes, Mark. This is Joe. We ran about 60 in the quarter. We're running 80 today. And we expect by the end of the second quarter, we'll be running 100.
Joseph W. Gorder: I mean, the bulk of it and certainly in the fourth quarter, I would tell you, 55 of the 60 went to Three Rivers. I think we're going to -- and I don't have it specifically, Mark, but I think we're going to be running 30 of the 80 in Corpus today. And then about that same range in the first quarter.
William R. Klesse: Concerning Aruba, Doug, we continue to look at our strategic alternatives, but we're in the same boat as was announced by one of our competitors operating in the Caribbean. And so we intend to have a decision here very shortly here within the first quarter.
William R. Klesse: We increased our dividend last year, and we bought shares in the fourth quarter. There's a few shares that carried over into the first quarter that we purchased because of settlement dates. But clearly, we will look at increasing our dividend, buying some of our shares as we complete our projects. Now first, we're going to maintain our investment-grade rating. Then we have the Port Arthur hydrocrackers should be done at the end of the second quarter, starting up in the third. And in the fourth quarter, we'd finish the one at St. Charles. So as these projects are getting completed, we'll look at how we manage our cash. The other thing that we have said when we've spoken to you all, as we look into '13, we expect our capital spending to fall from our $3.4 billion where we are today for 2012, down into $2.5 billion to the low $2 billion for next year.
William R. Klesse: We have a very good base in the U.K. and Ireland. So with all of the noise that's going on with some of the refineries that are available, yes, we would take a look at this. We say that about everything anyhow. But if you actually look at it, we want a very strong strategic fit. It needs to be compatible in the sense of moving streams between refineries. It needs to bring marketing or at least support our trading in the Atlantic basin and then the exports that Joe spoke about. So it has to have strategic or synergy value to us in fitting into an overall system. But obviously, we read the news and we see what's going on as well. And we have a good base there that we didn't have prior to our acquisition of Chevron's business.
William R. Klesse: As of today, the West Coast is a very key part of our business. So you use the word core, it is a core asset for us. We have a good position there. We have very good operations. We have had to spend a lot of money at our Benicia refinery here for environmental. And that is true. But the thing that you cannot forget on the West Coast is they're still in a recession or a depression. They have unemployment headline number of 11%, little over that, which means underemployment is probably 2x that. TARP is absolutely out of control. They do not work for the common good, and they're hurting the economy in the West Coast. But for us now, we continue to work on our cost structure, we're attacking that. The refinery operations are reducing costs in that business, and we're in a competitive position. And we're well positioned there. But the macro is the problem, and it needs to be solved.
William R. Klesse: Well for us, these turnarounds have been scheduled. The one at St. Charles, Ashley said we put up our turnaround schedule on the web page. But these have been scheduled turnarounds. So St. Charles would be down for 66 days. In April, McKee goes down to do work on the cracker, which will reduce gasoline production up in the Texas Panhandle. So ours have been scheduled. Now there's no question that gasoline is sloppy, although, quite frankly, the cracks have improved significantly here just in the last couple of weeks. But part of the issue again is in North America and in Europe, we have growing but -- at least in North America -- growing but very slow economy. Europe, Western Europe, I don't know if they're technically in recession today or not. But you combine the uncertainty we have economically, we do have higher prices. We have in the U.S., this housing overhang. And remember, we sell fuels to everybody. And there's a large segment of our customer base who either is unemployed or facing economic uncertainty. So to me, we have to have people getting back to work and economic activity picking up, and we'll see demand recover. And I think we'll see higher demand this year than we had last year. And the turnarounds when we're down obviously reduced production, just as all the shutdowns that had been announced are doing. But I'm optimistic that gasoline's going to be fine this year, but we do need to get people back to work. Distillates is still doing just fine. And as Joe said, the orders [ph] open again in Europe. Economies around us are growing. And from our U.S. Gulf Coast business, we'll continue to export.
William R. Klesse: Well, I've said that once we get through this spending that we're doing, which we think are very good projects -- so you're asking me how do I look at this? And so we have said that we want to pay one of the highest dividends among our peer group, and that is what we're going to do. And then when I try to match it up between dividend and stock buyback, if we don't add better projects that add shareholder value, then we're going to have our dividend that's high or one of the highest of our peer group. And then we'll use the rest of our cash to maintain our investment-grade ratings. So we may buy back some of our debt or redeem it and at the same time retire some of our shares.
William R. Klesse: No, I do not. But I will go ahead and add, we as a company do not see benefits of special dividends. So we would tend to act in a more regular manner in the sense of what I just said, paying a dividend that's one of the highest of our peer group. And at the same time then, buying our shares.
William R. Klesse: Okay. So there's always confidentiality agreements associated when we look at things. But I have said our Pembroke refinery is right across the Haven. From Milford Haven. And I have also said there would be some advantages. However, we are not talking to Murphy.
William R. Klesse: That's correct. And then as far as Texas City, we have said in the past we've looked at that. But there's a confidentiality agreement, and nothing seems to be happening.
William R. Klesse: But I will add, so you have some feel for it, that what you typically are doing is locking in the differentials. You can do that with WTI. You can do that with Brent. You can do it with a lot of things. And so how we manage that really becomes a company's internal decision. And that's why Joe is saying to us, it's doing our business every day, and it is a competitive world. But it's really locking in the diffs. And obviously, we had some dips locked in on Brent, right? Or we would've lost more money.
William R. Klesse: Well, Paul, I'll first speak to Valero. We had 2 refineries that have agreements that terminate tonight. And we continue to negotiate, and I have the expectation that we will have an agreement. At Port Arthur, we have actually 5 agreements, and we tentatively have reached agreement on 4. And so really, there's just one agreement. Now we have -- we're served with notice that they -- I guess it's a notice that says they can strike or will strike if we don't have an agreement here at Port Arthur. And at Port Arthur, we intend to operate, if that's the case. Now as to other companies in the industry, I don't -- some companies were served. We've heard there were 2 companies that were notified that they could have a strike. Remember, we're part of a pattern. Valero is a member of this group that negotiates. Shell has the lead and is negotiating the pattern. So we'll see what happens today, but we expect that we're going to have an agreement. So we'll see what happens.
William R. Klesse: Memphis for us is an agreement that expires tonight. At Memphis, we have negotiated with the union an orderly shutdown. And so if they decided to strike, we will shut down at Memphis.
William R. Klesse: And let me add, we don't see the issue per se on supply in the sense that supply is in reasonably good balance for this time of year. It's been a demand conversation. And we're like a lot of people, we see the economy starting to recover. So we think that demand will be better as we get into the summer. And as Gene said, when you think about how the supply side has been affected here, that actually we see good margins as we go into summer.
William R. Klesse: So that's probably for a 4-year or 5-year conversation. But we would say, in the U.S. Gulf Coast, on what we see on the production and the capability to move the oil to the Gulf Coast, that the industry may push out all the sweet crude imports into the Gulf Coast, not the East Coast.
William R. Klesse: Well, I think Gene told you today, we're better off running a medium sours out of our plants than the heavy sours. So what that tells you is you're not going to build new coking today. And in some coker, there's not probably a lot of fun.
William R. Klesse: I think on that one, we probably -- we will decline to answer, except go back to what Joe said earlier. We want the heavy crude to the Gulf Coast. And so we're very public on Keystone, but he also said that we're, in a way, talking to all of these companies.
William R. Klesse: It's a pretax number, and it is -- the question was that we answered on the long-haul crudes, which basically are the crudes that we had exposed to WTI as we set our differentials and locked those crudes in. That is $200 million. Now the other piece you're asking is yes, this negatively impacted our performance when it went from $25 to $10 at Mckee and Ardmore for sure. And we still made money at those refineries, but now we have a $10 diff instead of a $25 diff. And so with the volumes we run at those plants, the difference between in a way $25 down to $10 is about another $200 million. But we were still profitable at those refineries. Obviously, there's a $10 advantage.
William R. Klesse: So that our total. We spent $155 million buying rents. Our estimate for this year is nearly 2x that for rents when you count diesel and cellulosic and regular. So yes, your answer is right. We think it's part of the fuel mix. And we have a good project on biodiesel, or renewable diesel. We have a good partner. So we're going to run that like a refining project. And the Ken Ross project that's been announced with wood we think is a good opportunity to get our toe in.
William R. Klesse: Well, we think that there eventually could be an opportunity there. We need to have that capability. That's one reason we're working our cost structure so that we can compete. And that would be into the West Coast of South America. Might have a freight advantage of not going through the Panama Canal. And also, there's action going on, on refining capacity in Hawaii, as you know. But we haven't done anything as of yet, but we're looking at this type of optionality because we believe a key part for all refiners in the United States is having the ability to export.
William R. Klesse: Well, as of right now, we will go ahead and redeem that. But we're actually looking at how our cash flow goes for the next month or 2 from operations. And our projects look like they're on budget and on time. And so we'll make a decision here in February, latter part of February, on how we're going to address that, whether we're just going to redeem it, or whether we'll need to issue something. That's a foreign item for us, so we'll go back to our board and explain to our board how we're going to do it.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Sure, Paul. Our total current assets at the end of the year was at $16 billion. Total current liabilities was $12.7 billion. So our net working capital was $3.3 billion. Our market value in excess of LIFO was about $6.8 billion. Total debt at the end of the year was $7.7 billion. And our stockholders equity was $16.4 billion.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Pretty much almost all of that is long-term debt. We did have $250 million that was under our AR program. And included in those numbers is about $45 million of capitalized leases.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. Yes, Blake, we have estimated what that impact we believe was in the fourth quarter, and the number is about $200 million. And as far as like how we -- I mean, we have an estimate of the number of barrels that we had WTI exposure on. We have been transitioning away from purchasing some of our crudes and hedging away from WTI and reducing that exposure. Joe, do you want to...
Michael S. Ciskowski: Yes. Sam, you just have to remember where our stores are located. They tend to be Southwest, with most of them in Texas. And Texas has a good economy.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay. What that does represent, it's a pretax number. And in the volumes, I don't think I can disclose due to...
Michael S. Ciskowski: Okay, yes. That should be -- I mean, that number is estimated to be a little bit over $700 million benefit.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I do. It's roughly about $250 million in the first quarter; $210 million, second; $250 million, third.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Right. Well, that's correct. We have $750 million that comes due in April. And then if you look at our balance sheet when you see it, it'll show $250 million of current maturities associated with our AR program. But that renews annually, and we anticipate renewing that.
Michael S. Ciskowski: Actually, we had about -- it's about a $700 million requirement, cash requirement associated with working capital. So what makes that up is our receivables, payables net increase. That was about a little over $300 million. We had an increase in our income tax receivable of about $200 million. And then we also had some prepayments on crude. It's more of a timing deal from January to December. And that was another roughly $200 million.
Michael S. Ciskowski: I'm not exactly sure the timing on the income tax receivable. I mean, on the payables, the receivables payables net, I'm not -- that should reverse over time, yes.
S. Eugene Edwards: Yes, Paul, this is Gene. Our margins in the fourth quarter averaged about $0.56 a gallon on an EBITDA basis, which is the strongest quarter we ever had obviously. And the year, averaged about $0.35 a gallon. Since then, the margins have come off. Right now, in January, we're somewhere between breakeven to $0.05 a gallon. Pretty weak. Remember last year at this time, we were pretty weak as well. I think I'll let you know what's happening. We lost the blenders' credit, but I don't think that itself has had much to do with the margins because ethanol today is up $0.60 a gallon under gasoline in the East Coast. So it's still a big margin for blenders to blend regardless of whether the credit is there or not. I think what's going on is just supply/demand. Demand in kind of the fall was around 850,000 barrels a day, plus we were exporting 100,000, 120,000 barrels a day. So you add those together, you needed the supply. And supply ramped up from 900,000 barrels a day to about 950,000 barrels. So it's a very tight market. And what happened in December, January, just a seasonal reduction in gasoline demand, has reduced ethanol blending down to around 750,000, 760,000 barrels a day. And everybody's still running those 940,000 barrels a day. So we've been building inventories. The exports haven't been enough to consume all that with the seasonal drop-off in demand. So going forward, I think what's going to happen, these poor margins we're seeing -- remember these that are even in our plants located in the corn belt. Plants that are outside of the corn belt are negative cash flow right now. So we'll see productions fall off. At the same time, remember the mandate this year is 860,000 barrels a day. So we're blending below the mandate. People are probably using credits right now to blend -- to solve the difference. But at some point, in the near term, we're going to ask the ethanol blending move higher to average 860,000 barrels a day for the year. We factor in exports, which have been strong into Brazil, Canada and Europe, I think they're going to stay in this 100,000, 120,000 barrel a day range. I think the markets are going to get -- just going to tighten back up, and we're just going through a soft period right now.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, one thing -- it's Gene again. One thing we're seeing on gasoline, the exports have gone up over 600,000 barrels a day. Joe mentioned the number earlier, 500,000. That was for the year. Just on a weekly basis, the numbers continue to look quite good. We talked about Hovensa shutting down and the Petrol Plus issues and some of the East Coast refinery shut down. I think all of those things just kind of tightened up the projections for a stronger spring.
S. Eugene Edwards: Well, this is Gene. Let me turn the Gulf Coast first. I think what we're seeing with Maya prices and where they are today, we're more advantaged on medium sour crudes as opposed to Maya. So we're shifting some there. Also, the LLS is cheaper, much cheaper than foreign sweet. So some of our refineries like Houston can run those sweet -- would lighten up our barrel, our crude side a little bit there. I think the Maya will widen back out. There is competition, more Venezuelan crude coming on. There's still lots of barrels coming out of Columbia. So I think you'll reach more of an equilibrium, so we don't want to just completely go off of Maya and the crudes. But short-term, we just have the ability to flex a little bit. As far as the West Coast, Joe, do you...
