Homer Bhullar: Good morning everyone and welcome to Valero Energy Corporation's fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. With me today are Joe Gorder, our Chairman and CEO; Lane Riggs, our President and COO; Jason Fraser, our Executive Vice President and CFO; Gary Simmons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer; and several other members of Valero’s senior management team.  If you have not received the earnings release and would like a copy, you can find one on our website at investorvalero.com. Also attached to the earnings release are tables that provide additional financial information on our business segments and reconciliations and disclosures for adjusted metrics mentioned on this call. If you have any questions after reviewing these tables, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team after the call. I would now like to direct your attention to the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the press release. In summary, it says that statements in the press release and on this conference call that state the company's or management's expectations or predictions of the future are forward-looking statements intended to be covered by Safe Harbor provisions under federal securities laws. There are many factors that could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, including those we've described in our filings with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Joe for opening remarks.
Homer Bhullar: Maybe I'll start on just on the DGD side, it just started up. We haven't even got to the conversation with cash distributions yet. But the expectation is this year, it should be with capital spending coming to a close with the project that there should be more cash spinning off from the joint venture. I don't know, Jason, if you comment--
Homer Bhullar: Thanks, Donna. I appreciate everyone joining us today. Obviously, if you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thanks, everyone, and have a great week.
Gary Simmons: Theresa, this is Gary. I think, initially, we felt like even with the ramp-up in sanctions, you would just see a rebalancing of trade flows much like we saw with crude and resids. Most people in the trade today think that the sanctions will actually result in a reduction in Russian refinery utilization, and you'll see lower exports of VGO and diesel coming out of Russia when the sanctions take place.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So the market is very, very tight. We're looking at total light product inventories 55 million barrels below the five-year average. And so typically, this is a period of time where you see restocking take place. And with the winter storm outage and high maintenance activity, we just haven't been able to restock inventories which sets the year up very nicely in terms of refinery margin perspective.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, this is Gary. I think our outlook on crude quality differentials is we expect the market to stay fairly consistent. The key drivers really on the quality differentials have been more sour crude on the market, refineries running at high utilization rates, which produce more high sulfur fuel oil. And then with the IMO 2020 regulation, it's decreased the demand for high sulfur fuel oil. And so all those factors come into play, affecting the supply/demand balances around high sulfur fuel and then high sulfur fuel really drives the quality discount. So we don't see much changing at least in the near-term in terms of where those quality differentials are.
Gary Simmons: Yeah. So this is Gary. I think we've certainly seen the Chinese more active in the market, both purchasing feedstocks and in the product markets as well. It looks to us like a lot of the product exports from China are staying in the region, although we occasionally see some exports making their way into our market. But our view is that, you'll see significant demand recovery in China by the second quarter. And a lot of that ramp-up in refinery utilization in China will be needed to supply the domestic demand. On the new refinery capacity, at least our supply-demand balances still show year-over-year demand will outpace capacity additions. And so we're not too concerned about it. A lot of that capacity really doesn't make a lot of transportation fuels. Some of the big refineries in China, it's less than 50% total gasoline, jet and diesel yield, a lot more petrochemicals and fuel oil production.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think so. So you can see that a couple of places, you can really see at the low to high spread on fuel oil, you can certainly see the gap that's occurred and then just general weakness in high sulfur fuel. I think it tells you that the industry really is tight on capacity to upgrade high sulfur fuel into low-sulfur products. And we've really seen that starting early last year, and it's continuing, and we don't see anything that changes that.
Gary Simmons: Well, previously, we said we would take a pause after DGD 3 and reassess the market. So we're -- like you said, we're still lining out DGD 3. Its project went great. It came in under budget. It was nine months ahead of schedule. It's met design. It's met its design rates already. And I'll just say that the project team, the operations team and the fuel compliance team did a great job making this a very smooth start-up, and we're not having any problem moving sales out of DGD 3 into markets. So as I said before, we haven't seen an increase in feedstock prices. So everything looks very competitive with DGD3 coming up. That all being said, I think we continue to do the engineering on the SAP project. For the DGD platform, and then we continue to support the Navigator pipeline for the CO2 sequestration for our ethanol plants. So all of that still says that there's a lot of opportunity with our platform, given its location and competitive position.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So I think in the short-term, a lot of what you're seeing, the premiums on jet are primarily in New York Harbor in the Florida market. And it's still a bit of an overhang from the winter storm outages that we had in the US Gulf Coast, causing those markets to be exceptionally tight. It looks to us like probably mid-month in February, you'll get some resupply, which will help jet supply in those regions. But overall, we expect jet demand to increase significantly this year and overall, a lot of tightness in the distillate markets.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we share the view that the DOE numbers look low to us and we would expect them to be corrected going forward. Our wholesale numbers are trending pretty high. So gasoline volumes through our wholesale channel are about 12% above where they were pre-pandemic levels, which we don't necessarily think is representative of the broader markets either. For us, I think the number which we focus on are more around the mobility data, which is kind of showing vehicle miles traveled flat to slightly above where it was pre-pandemic levels with some improvements in the efficiency of the fleet, it would say gasoline demand down maybe in the 2% range is what we kind of believe is most likely.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So, the only thing I would add is for the full year 2022, resid probably didn't have a significantly positive impact on our capture rates just because after the Russian sanctions and those barrels came off the market for really the second and third quarter, it was rebalancing the trade flows. But in the fourth quarter, we certainly saw a significant impact.
Lane Riggs: And Theresa, this is Lane. So as we've been pretty consistent, we don't do a lot of commentary around our turnaround activity. But nonetheless, I mean, the first quarter and third quarters are heavy turnaround periods when we have turnarounds. And so that's sort of seasonally, that's how we execute our maintenance.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Doug. I hope you’re all right. It's -- so just to remind everybody, our FID, I think, was $325 million, that's sort of based on mid-cycle. We sort of look back at it in sort of 2018, I think the EBITDA was around $420 million. If you sort of fourth quarter, it's in the order of probably $700 million, maybe a little bit more dollars. So if you use those kind of margins. So obviously, it's -- I don't know if we have incredible foresight, but it's great to be lucky. And we lucky to be good, that's exactly right. So yes, I'd say have assuming all this holds, and I think, at least for our outlook, at least for this year, is that the sort of resid prices and distillate cracks a whole, it will be a -- the timing is pretty perfect.
Lane Riggs: I'm going to be fairly specific right here. We're going to be mechanically complete somewhere late Feb, early March, and we expect oil in somewhere late April or early May.
Lane Riggs: Hey, Roger, this is Lane. I'll take a shot at it. I think what you'll see, and we were concerned about it going into this past year was the VGO availability, but we sort of through with some of the way some of the refineries in the Middle East started up. And I think some people stockpiled VGO, I mean, the answer to that is it will remain tight. And ultimately, what it affects is gasoline production. If you believe distillate cracks are going to hang in there where they are, you'll have clear margins by VGO into a hydrocracker, but it will challenge FCC's economics through the summer, it's in fact, as it gets tight.
Lane Riggs: I'll start and if Gary wants to sort of add. This is Lane, by the way, Sam. So natural gas still at the UK and really in the Netherlands is still nominally around $20 per million BTU. When comparing that today, sort of the Houston -- I mean probably nominally three and change. So there's still a significant difference between natural gas cost now. With that said, we'll use our Pembroke refinery as a proxy. Natural gas really hasn't driven our signals in over a year. And so I guess what I'm saying now we don't have an SMR and we're not -- we don't have a big hydrocracker, so we don't have a lot of insight into how that flows through to their marginal economics on those units. But what I'm saying is it's high natural gas prices. In Europe, at least for us, it hasn't changed our signals, which is macro run max at our Pembroke refinery.
Lane Riggs: Yes. We can't really say that. We do appreciate your comments around it. I mean -- if you think about what this coker does, at least, it reduces -- well, heavy the refinery up and our intermediate purchases sort of if you think about our VGO comments will be down significantly. So the better integrates sort of vertically integrates that refinery and makes it way less sort of, as you said, it's a very important asset. It makes us way less, I'd say, significantly less dependent on intermediates to fill out the refinery.
Lane Riggs: So, as I said to Sam, it's -- we'll heavy up considerably. Today, we run some light and medium crudes. You'll see us run significantly more heavy, maybe plus rate, probably over time. I'd looking back at the FID some, but it's not as much as you would think. And in terms of distillate, that's really the net product we make out of this, and it's sort of a plus 15% to plus 25% depending on the crude die in terms of distillate. What it really is, is a reduction in feedstock purchases for us. In addition to like we said, it's a turnaround efficiency.
Lane Riggs: No, we're not increasing 50,000 barrel per day. We're heavying up. You'll see our rates. I don't normally go from -- I don't know if it's public here, I got to be careful. [indiscernible] We run anywhere from 340 to 360 today, 375, depending on the crude die. I think we could potentially go up plus 30 to plus 40 on crude depending on how heavy we are or light we are. So, that's sort of what happens. And so then it just changes. When we do this all the time whenever we change our crude die, we sort of have to spot in intermediate purchases to finish our conversion units out. So, what will happen is we'll reduce the amount of intermediate purchases depending significantly on the base and tuning the refinery between how heavy we are and how we'll change sort of the how crude run rates. So, -- but it's not a plus 150,000.
Lane Riggs: We would have to get back to you. It's going to be a lot. I mean, I have to go back and see how much we incremented on in terms of the volume. So, -- and we'll have to get back with you. We can get back with Homer disclose that I don't know. I don't know what--
Lane Riggs: Well, I didn't really -- it's not that much stronger versus the prior quarter. I mean, just the way we look at it is…
Lane Riggs: So this is Lane. I'll start on that. I mean, I think we'll probably -- we always look at heavy crude versus fuel oil. I mean one of the things that's happened sort of Russia big buyers have been 100 out of Russia. And obviously, we don't buy that anymore. So we've canvased the world and figured out alternative sort of fuel oil feedstocks and they're plentiful largely based on what Gary has mentioned. I mean, you have a lot of incremental crude going into low complexity and they're struggling making sulfur. So you can see that in the 3.5 weight percent discount to virtually everything else. And so we do believe that's going to continue. I think through this year. So, at Valero, you'll see us buy more heavy crude, we want post coker, and you'll see us buy some more fuel oil and less intermediates.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I don't know that you need to be more conservative on capture rates. Obviously, we have seasonal maintenance. We'd have to look at the material balance and figure out how that actually impacts the sort of the dollars per barrel capture rates. So, I wouldn't jump to conclusion of changes, but appreciably from Q4 to Q1, both quarters, you're blending butane both quarters, you have fairly wide sour discounts. So, I don't -- we'll just have to see how that plays out. But obviously, we have some maintenance occurring, our turnaround were occurring in Q1 and that's normal for us. That's -- when we do turn around, this is a heavy quarter for us versus the rest of the year.
Doug Leggate: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Happy New Year, guys for those I haven’t spoken to you yet.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I don't know who you want to direct this too, but I'm curious about coker economics. When you laid out the original plan to bring this online, we were in a very different diesel resid market than we are today. So could you -- as you see the earnings power of that facility as it stands, maybe at strip or however you want to characterize it, can you give us an idea what your expectations are relative to what it looked like when you first set out the project? And I've got a follow-up, please.
Doug Leggate: Joe, I hate to do this, but I got to ask the cash return question. Your balance sheet, you've managed it or Jason, maybe, back to below COVID levels. Your dividend still hasn't moved and your share count is now down, I guess, about 7%. So, all things considered, it seems you've got a lot of capacity for dividend to restart dividend growth. How can you walk us through what you're thinking on cash returns? Thanks.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the full answer, Jason. As you know, Joe, we'd like to see cash on the balance sheet. So, thanks so much for that. All the best.
Jason Fraser: Yes, I'll give a little context quarter, we did beat a goal, which will kind of change in how we look at things. So, back prior to the pandemic, we were frequently at the high end or even above our target return payout range of 40% to 50%. Now, during the pandemic, we were very committed to our dividend and paying the dividend loan put us way above our 40% to 50% target range. And as you know, during COVID, we had to take on another $4 billion of debt in 2020. So, one of our main objectives as the financial situations improve post-COVID was the payback this incremental debt, which we've been aggressively working on. And we've messaged that while we're working on this competing goal of deleveraging, we would stay at the lower end of our 40% to 50% payout range, which is what we've been doing. Now, in the fourth quarter, we were able to repurchase $442 million of debt, which is the final step in us meeting our goal of deleveraging by $4 billion. So, with that insight, during the quarter, we increased our stock purchases to $1.8 billion and we're able to end the year at a 45% payout ratio. So, we're able to work our way back to the midpoint of our target range for the full year. And now that we've paid off our pandemic debt and build our cash balance up to a good level, you should reasonably expect us to be looking at mid-level or higher payout targets given the construction margin environment as we move forward. Now, on the dividend side, please go ahead -- yes, you'd asked about dividend too, which is other pieces of the puzzle. So, we continue to aim for a dividend as sustainable and competitive versus our peers. We would also like to show growth. And as you know, the dividends -- we hadn't had any growth since the first quarter of 2020 because, first of all, we had the pandemic, which we had to work our way through. And then we're rebuilding cash and working our debt down. So, now, as I've said, we've kind of met those goals so we would like to return to a pattern of growth as we move forward.
Jason Fraser: Well, so one thing that we saw with the RFS obligation is that they kept the ethanol target at 15 billion gallons, which means you're still going to be in a situation at some point in the year where you have to use the D4 RIN to cover the D6 obligation because the ethanol blending won't reach 15 billion gallons. So that mechanism is still in there. To your point, the future obligations were higher, but not as high as people expected. And when you saw that announcement come out, you did see a big drop in soybean oil prices as well as a lot of pressure on – or question on whether or not all these soybean crush facilities were going to get built based on that lower obligation going forward. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag that, there's still going to be short on the D6 RIN, but there is definitely a lower growth curve on the D4 RIN in this current proposal. So we'll have to see how that plays out. There's still a lot of talk about a lot of the policy trying to move away from soybean oil as a feedstock, both in Europe and in the US, at least in terms of conversations. And so as everyone's trying to figure out is that part of what's at play with this lower RFS proposal. So – but overall, as you said, we're a waste oil units that isn't affected by that. And as you said, we will be competitive regardless of the obligation compared to our peers. So we'll have to see how the -- we'll just have to see how this plays out. I don't know, Rich, you had other comments about the future outlook on the RFS proposal. I know we're…
Jason Fraser: Yes, that's right. With having DGD 3 finish, we'll have excess cash. And they're always looking at new capital projects and maybe they'll find another way to deploy it otherwise, there should be cash coming out. And we do include that in our calculus when we're looking at payout ratios, but I guess that's all I had on it.
Rich Walsh: Yeah. I mean, one thing I would hit on is the elements that they put in that's probably the thing that we find most problematic with the rule. EPA is trying to convert the RFS into a subsidy for EVs, for autos. And, obviously, we'll be commenting very heavy on that. We feel that the RFS is really set out by Congress and the intent was for it to be used to promote liquid renewable fuels like the use of soybean and corn and for ethanol. And we don't think trying to convert this into some kind of a user it for EV purposes really is consistent with the underlying obligations and intent of Congress with the RFS.
Rich Walsh: Yeah, I think there's two things. Obviously, what's key to that is that the sequestration project has to go first. In order for ethanol to qualify for SAF, you have to get below the 50% GHG targets for the EU. And so if you look -- if you assume that pipeline is done in the next couple of years, it will qualify our ethanol platform into SAF. And so the other thing that we've learned is with the SAF projects, you still have to blend that with conventional jet to make the final SAF product. So if you think about our platform, we have the ethanol, we have the carbon sequestration and we've got the conventional jet on the refining side. It does look like we would have a lot of advantage in just a complete supply chain into a finished SAF product. So that all looks like it's something we will continue to look at as we get closer to reality on this carbon sequestration pipeline.
Rich Walsh: Well, I guess, we don't normally get into that level of detail on feeds. What I would say is the whole DGD platform is big for waste oils. And so it's always going to favor the and tallows and inedible corn oil over other feeds from a CI standpoint. So how each of those individual feedstocks play is always – that's very dynamic. And the thing I'd say is what we do see, maybe just to add some color, is we are running a lot more of international feedstocks, both coming from Darling as well as just more broadly in the world. So – and those are waste oils. We ran some veg oil in the fourth quarter because as we spoke earlier, the prices of it became attractive. But going forward, I think it's always going to be some mix of those three waste oils as the most attractive feeds.
