Joe Gorder: Thanks, Homer, and good morning, everyone. We’re pleased to report that we delivered solid financial results despite challenging market conditions again this quarter. Although gasoline cracks held steady and diesel cracks improved from the previous quarter. Heavy and medium sour crude all discounts the Brent crude oil remain narrow. Its supply was constrained by geopolitical events. Also the start up of new pipelines from the Permian Basin to the Gulf Coast tighten the WTI Midland to Cushing crude oil differential. Despite these headwinds, we generated $1.4 billion in operating cash flow. Once again, demonstrating the flexibility and strength of our assets to deliver steady earnings and free cash flow. During the quarter, we began to enjoy the benefits of our investments in the new Houston alkylation unit that was commissioned in June and from the recently completed Central Texas pipelines and terminals project. The alkylation unit upgrades lower value natural gas liquids and refinery olefins to a premium high octane outlet product. And the Central Texas pipelines and terminals reduce secondary costs and extends our supply chain from the Gulf Coast to a growing inland market. Other strategic growth projects and execution remain on target. The Pasadena terminal, St. Charles alkylation unit, and Pembroke cogeneration unit are expected to be completed next year, with the Diamond Green Diesel expansion expected to be completed in 2021 and the Port Arthur Coker in 2022. In September, our Diamond Green Diesel joint venture initiated an advanced engineering and development cost review for a new renewable diesel plant at our Port Arthur Texas facility. If the projects approved, construction could begin in 2021 with operations expected to commence in 2024. This would result in Diamond Green Diesel production capacity increasing to over 1.1 billion gallons annually. The guiding framework underpinning our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. We continue to expect our annual CapEx for both 2019 and 2020 to be approximately $2.5 billion with $1 billion allocated for projects with high returns that are focused on market expansion and margin improvement. During the third quarter, we returned $679 million to stockholders, which represents a payout ratio of 61% of adjusted net cash provided by operating activities. We continue to target an annual payout ratio of 40% to 50%. Looking forward, we’re encouraged. Fourth quarter market conditions are favorable. Distillate and gasoline margins are significantly higher than last quarter and this time last year supported by strong fundamentals, good demand and wider medium and heavy sour crude all discounts. In closing, our team’s simple strategy of striving for operational excellence, investing to drive earnings growth with lower volatility and maintaining capital discipline with an uncompromising focus on shareholder returns has proven to be successful and positions us well for any market environment. So with that Homer, I’ll hand the call back to you.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I mean you took a book out of Paul Cheng’s – page out of Paul Cheng’s book here. You got first three questions there. I’ll speak about part of it, I’ll let Martin speak about part of it and Jason might want to cover kind of the probabilities for the blender’s tax credit. But I mean strategically, we are a company that really makes motor fuels, and we’re a company that takes their environmental responsibility and sustainability very seriously. And so when we look at the opportunities to produce products where there is going to be growth in the market and they’re going to have sustainably high margins, we look to renewable diesel. We just think it’s a really good business. We’ve got a really good partner in Darling. And it’s something that we know how to do. We know how to run these processes very well. And so it fits right down the middle of our fairway and so we feel very good about not only the returns, but overall EBITDA contributions that we’re going to get from this product for a very long time to come. So Martin, you want to cover a piece of it.
Joe Gorder: Hey Neil, one other point I think that we’d like to make on this, Martin can speak to, why isn’t – why aren’t we doing like 200,000 barrels a day of this, so.
Joe Gorder: Okay. Gary and Lane can speak to this. You know, Paul, I mean, Doug, excuse me, if you recall probably for 18 months or something, we’ve been talking about the first – the prospects from IMO and it’s kind of shaping up the way that we had anticipated. The one issue and the guys can speak to this in addition to your question is, how do you solve the circumstances that IMO creates in the market, okay. Who comes in and solves the problem around the 3.5% weight fuel oil? So you guys want to speak to it in general and then…
Joe Gorder: It’s not a problem that’s going to get resolved very quickly. I think, again we’ve always kind of played down the whole product side of this, but I think we’ve expected more on the feedstock side. We’re seeing it in both right now, but this is going to take a while to solve.
Joe Gorder: Yes, I’ll let Donna talk to this. Because – I mean, Doug, obviously there is not a formulaic approach to how you do this, right. I mean, you’ve going to have your outlook for the market going forward. Obviously, we felt it has been pretty good, that’s why we’ve had a significant dividend increases. We have had – and you want to be competitive from a yield perspective, not only with your peers but with the broader market. So all those things taken into consideration, but not as far as the mix…
Joe Gorder: Yes. And you noticed that we did more on the buyback side this quarter than we did the previous quarter. And we haven’t altered our approach and when we say, we look at ratability plus, we look at buying on dips and frankly we had a situation where we’re looking into a strong fourth quarter with the prospects for IMO. We said it’s a good time to buy back more shares. So that’s what we did in the third quarter. So we took advantage of an opportunity, and we’ll do that going forward.
Joe Gorder: So, well, we are going to adhere to our 40% to 50% payout ratio. And Doug, it doesn’t make sense in this business to jostle things around on an ongoing basis. You set your target and you work to achieve and it gives you consistency, not only with what the financial markets are going to expect from you, but operationally what you can afford to invest in and how you can grow the business. And so that’s why we said this, capital allocation framework in place several years ago and we have adhered to it totally since then and it seems to work out. So don’t make any forecast dividend increases and at all, we just rely on the fact that we had told you what we’re going to do and we’re going to do it.
Joe Gorder: Yes, Brad. I think you kind of hit on it. The only thing I would tell you is, Port Arthur is one of our large export locations and we were doing some dredging work on the dock there, which did limit us a little bit, but the big driver was what you pointed to, that’s an optimization for us and it is demand pull and with the large life product inventory draws we saw in the U.S., we had a better net back going into the domestic markets and that’s what drove it rather than lack of demand into the export markets.
Joe Gorder: It’s easier for me to sort of compare it to year-over-year by the way rigs. Our volumes were down in the third quarter, largely we had three external power failure, then we had the storm deal with they went through and affected our Port Arthur operations. Our volumes weren’t as high as they were with these, part of that is just on per barrel basis, it’s a little bit higher and then some other thing. We’ve changed what is in and out of our operations and we did have the MLP out, now it’s back in. We have Diamond Green Diesel, which used to be in, it’s out. So there are some changes like that has occurred over time as well.
Joe Gorder: So the reallocation, he was asking about the impact of the reallocation on us, so the SREs, I mean it obviously is going to cost more for us to comply with a larger volume obligation. It’s not, I wouldn’t call it material, but if it was $0.01, we wouldn’t like it. So anyway, we’re going to do what we can to help deal with this.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Neil, I think, the products cracks, it’s pretty difficult to be able to determine how much of the strength in the crack is IMO-related and how much is just fundamentals and supply. But we’re certainly seeing a lot of indications in the market of IMO starting to impact it. I mean the things I would point to, the diesel curve is just continued to shift higher, the closer we get to the January 2020 date. On the gasoline market, we’re seeing indications as well. Our view was that you would see some of these low-sulfur feedstock, the cat crackers being pulled out of the cats and put into the low-sulfur bunker market. If you look today, low-sulfur VGO is $5 over gasoline in the Gulf, which is to the point where you’ll start to see people pull that out of cat crackers and put it into low-sulfur bunkers, which should impact gasoline yield moving forward. And then the big thing that I think is very visible is on the feedstock side of the business. High sulfur fuel, it traded as high as 95% of Brent earlier this year. This morning trading at 61% of Brent. The forward curve on high sulfur fuel oil was backward indicating it’s going to get weaker as we go forward. And as you would expect, as high sulfur fuel oil has traded weaker we’re starting to see that in the crude quality discounts. So through most of the year, we’ve had heavy sour trading inside of a 10% discount to Brent. It’s almost 20% discount to Brent today, Maya and WCS. I think Maya trading at 11.50% discount to Brent today. And we’re seeing medium sours that get weaker as well. So I think on the feedstock side of the business, it’s pretty clear, we’re getting an impact not as clear, but I think we are also seeing it on the product side.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger. So I think to me, if you look at product inventories and you roll back to early August, total light products inventory was 16 million barrels above where we were in 2018 at the same time period. Now over the last two months, we’ve had significant product growth such that – the last set of stats, we were 19 million barrels below where we were in 2018. So in the period of just a couple of months, you’ve had a year-over-year change in total light product inventories, at 35 million barrels, which is a pretty staggering figure. And so if you look at that break it down, we see good demand, vehicle miles traveled look good, the tonnage index looks good. But then there is certainly some things that are supply driven as well. Shut down of PES, some planned and unplanned refinery outages have driven that as well and helps poor product fundamentals. But moving forward you look and gasoline sitting just a little above the five-year average range, diesels at the lower end of the five-year average range on apparent days of supply, both gasoline and diesel below the five-year average range. So the fundamentals look very good for both gasoline and distillate moving forward.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Roger, I think for us, most of our exports are short haul market. So we’re primarily going to Mexico and South America and freight rates by get actually gives us a competitive advantage for other people trying to get to those markets. So I don’t really know that it’s much of a risk to us.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we have a compliant blend that we are offering in the Corpus Christi market. We are also proceeding with the project, where we’ll be able to have a low-sulfur blend in Pembroke. But we also have seen that there is a lot of challenges on being able to blend this 0.5 material especially with a lot of the low-sulfur Paraffinic crudes. So I think there is a good chance that initially ships will run marine gas oil and then gradually transition to the lower sulfur bunker material.
Gary Simmons: Yes, it will. And I think even with the blends we’re seeing on the low-sulfur bunker material those when still contain a fairly significant percentage of distillate in the blend. And so even if they’re burning the low-sulfur bunker, we still see a step change in diesel demand.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So that’s exactly what we see. We set another record for light sweet crude processing in the third quarter. The economic signals were strongly in favor of light sweet crude. We’ve been saying that we are at 1.6 million barrels a day of overall capacity and we pretty much fully utilized that in the third quarter. But certainly with the widening of the quality discount, especially the heavy sour crude are favored and we’re starting to see medium sour crudes become economic as well.
Gary Simmons: So we have a lot of flexibility to do that and we have been doing some of it backing out high sulfur or heavy sour crude. And we haven’t really been running high sulfur fuel, but we’ve been running blend components that are going into the high sulfur fuel oil market. We’ve run some of those and we expect to do more as we move forward.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we believe heavy Canadian in Maya should trade at approximately the same value. Obviously in September, PMI expected high sulfur fuel oil to trade much weaker and the formula had Maya really priced out of the market. But they made a correction in October and if you look at where both WCS and Maya are trading today, they are almost on top of each other, which is where we expect those to trade moving forward.
Gary Simmons: Yes. So we’re in ongoing negotiations with several producers in Western Canada on delivered rail volume. We have our Lucas rail facility that feed support Arthur refinery and a lot of capacity to run-heavy Canadian there. And we anticipate as we move through the fourth quarter, you will see rail volumes ramp up as – and we anticipate we’ll buy those barrels delivered on something equivalent to the WCS or Maya equivalent in the Gulf.
Gary Simmons: Yes, I think a lot of uncertainty. We certainly anticipated, you’d see scrubbers come online, but it appears there’s a lot of technical issues around the scrubbers that maybe they don’t come on as fast as what we thought. And then the other area here that would uncertainty is when does some of this production that’s offline, some of these medium and heavy sour crudes, when do they come back on the market. So very difficult to give you a timeline.
Gary Simmons: Yes, Sam, this is Gary. We haven’t really purchased any Saudi volume in quite some time. And so I can’t really give you a comment. We’re running some Iraqi and Kuwait. It’s primarily due to the West Coast, which has been unaffected, but we don’t see any Saudi volume coming into our system at all.
Gary Simmons: Sure. I’ll start on the feedstock side. Obviously with the – we’ve been running, we’re running a lot of pipeline delivered crude and then a lot of the barrels were getting over the water, short haul barrel. So we don’t see a big impact on our feedstock costs and similarly on the products, the barrels are going in the domestic markets, or we export to fairly short haul locations in Mexico and South America. So not a material impact. Some of the long-haul barrels that we do run, we do have some freight protection on those as well, which helps. Obviously, the big thing that we’ve seen is been positive to the business, as freight rates is spiked, Joe mentioned in his opening comments that the Brent TI spread had come in with the pipeline capacity coming online, but with the freight rates spiking we’ve seen Brent TI blow back out some and back over $5, which obviously gives U.S. refining a significant advantage on running light sweet crude. And as I mentioned previously into our export location, when you’re going to Mexico, the higher freight rates actually give us a competitive advantage over some of our global refining competitors trying to import to those markets.
Gary Simmons: Well, it’s interesting. Syncrude obviously in an IMO environment could be a premium price crude. So we have a lot of optimization opportunities on what we spent through line nine and I think our view would probably see – we see a little bit more Bakken than we see syn going to Quebec as we move forward in an IMO environment.
Martin Parrish: Sure, Joe, thanks. Yes, we’re bullish on renewable diesel. We expect demand growth to be strong. You’ve got the Renewable Energy Directive II in Europe now that’s been extended to 2030. The California LCFS has been extended out the 2030 and calling for 20% greenhouse gas reduction in 2030. And then the recent elections in Canada would tell us, we’re probably going to see a national standard in Canada, too. And then you’ve got New York State. So we think the future demand for renewable diesel just looks very strong.
Martin Parrish: I think the constraints to look at is in the late feedstock market and we’re confident we can source it and we’re not worried about that any time soon. But that’s the ultimate constraint on this as the feedstock. The feedstock supply is tied to global GDP per person, these ways feedstocks that’s increasing. So we feel good about being able to source the feedstock. And our partnership with Darling, they are a global leader in this. They process 10% of the world’s meat byproducts, so we feel we’re in a good place on securing the feedstock.
Martin Parrish: So this is Martin. I think near-term October is looking a lot better than the third quarter did. What you’ve seen is the recent DoE data. What the issue has been is oversupply in the U.S. right. Inventory is just too low, which is pressuring margins. The production is trending lower, ethanol inventory now on the weekly data is 2.5 million barrels lower than this time last year. And then long-term, we’re still bullish. Ethanol is going to be in the U.S. gasoline mix for the long run. We expect to see some small incremental demand in the U.S. from higher octane and fuel efficiency standards and some small incremental demand from year round E15 sales. And then we expect, really the big thing we expect is a rebound and the export growth due to favorable blend economics, just the economics to blending ethanol and then these global renewable fuel mandates. So we still feel very constructive in the long-term and think that’s going to be around the corner.
Martin Parrish: Yes, this is Martin. I mean the thing that helps renewable diesel is being co-located with the refinery. So that’s probably the primary thing we’re looking at and in place where we can hit all the markets. So that really drives you to the Gulf Coast and were driven in the United States just because of the – the feedstock supply in the U.S. per installed base of renewable diesel is better than anywhere else in the world. So that’s why we’re heading to reviewing Port Arthur and doing the engineering analysis on it.
Jason Fraser: Yes, this is Jason. I’ll give you an update on the blenders’ tax credit. As you all know, it expired at the end of 2017. Both Chambers of Congress have proposed legislation that would extend it. I think the Senate has got it going out for two years and this is back retroactive to 2018, and out for three negotiations on the BTC and other tax extenders are now taking place within the context of the appropriations process. We’re optimistic it will get done, because the BTC remains one of Senate Finance Chairman, Grassley’s top priorities, and there’s really not a lot of opposition to it. However, this impeachment process is certainly interfering with the bipartisan cooperation that you need to get the package agreed to. So that’s what’s created a little, a little more uncertainty than there was before.
Jason Fraser: Yes, hi, this is Jason. You’re right. On October 15th, the EPA released their supplemental RVO asking for public comment on, included in the formula the prior three years average of SREs, but the DOE recommended be granted. I know that a lot of words there. That’d be about 580 million gallons or 770 million gallons. To put it on which prior three years to use and they ask for comments on both. And then these obligations will be reobligated on the other non-exempt refiners in addition to your normal share. You should get what you already get and then you get this on top. So our industry and many members of Congress have been clear that reallocating SREs on the other obligated parties like this is unworkable and we view it as a violation of fundamental fairness to those of us who already bearing our burden onto the program. It then may also be illegal. It’s especially frustrating because it has been shown time and again by the EIA on data that granting this SREs in the past, as they’ve done it with no reallocation has no negative effect on ethanol blending on actual liquid volume they got moved, but this is simply no real ethanol demand destruction.
Jason Fraser: We had guidance for the full year of 750,000 and we still expect to make that. We expect a strong fourth quarter. We had a scheduled catalyst change in the third quarter and that’s why we guided the 750,000 gallons per day for the year to begin with. So we feel pretty good about the numbers.
Lane Riggs: Hey Paul, it’s Lane. We’ve historically ran quite a – what Gary was talking about was we run a lot of outside blend stocks that go into a 3.5% fuel oil and we’ve always done that. And it’s a part of the market that we feel like we understand technically maybe better than a lot of the people in the industry. And one of the critical strategy is going into this, towards going in IMO have to make sure you keep connectivity between these feedstocks and the heavy crudes and we work really hard at doing that. There are technical challenges. They are around defaulting and some of the other things, but we are very focused on increasing amount of heavy sours that we run.
Lane Riggs: So the earlier question was, are you running more fuel oil and we don’t really run fuel oil per se. What we run is we run the blend stocks that go into 3.5%. And so as you see that as people unwind that as a fuel, you’re going to see more of these components around the world become available. And the key is going out there and understanding and technically and fitting into our system, which we’re working very aggressively to do that.
Lane Riggs: Yes, I’ll start and then of course, Gary, can always tune it up a little bit later here, we – Joe alluded to this, we sort of played out the way that we thought, and I think ultimately early on, you’re going to have this demand for diesel. It will be interesting to see how long that goes. I mean, it could go on for quite some time depending on the technical difficulty of making those fuels. And we have seen some of that like Gary alluded to it. It is not an easy task to create to make all the fuels work from a compatibility perspective. But longer term, the 3.5% weight, I’m making that not having a home for it is a much – the capital – a much more capital intensive thing to try to work through. And somebody alluded – was asking the question earlier about valuations of crude. What will be interesting is, right now, I would say these crudes are – to the extent that heavy sour and medium sour are running not – they’re not being value based on an open culture, but they’re being valued based on 3.5% weight. You could see it – you’re going to see that disconnect even get greater. I don’t know that we know – you can think about all the path to try to close that gap, but it all takes quite a bit of capital.
Lane Riggs: Hi, Matthew. This is Lane Riggs. We don’t give any real forward guidance to our turnaround schedule of the policy.
Lane Riggs: Yes. This is Lane again. We ran pretty – we ran well and we continue to run well. We had one small blip on our San Francisco area refinery, but other than that it wasn’t that meaningful to the performance around, they’ve been for run a pretty well through all this.
Donna Titzman: No, I actually think our balance sheet is in good shape. We do have additional debt capacity to go. I don’t think our ratings are in jeopardy. We have good liquidity today. So again, I’m not – don’t believe that paying down debt right now is necessary.
Donna Titzman: Well, it’s very expensive. You’re right, our next maturity is in 2025 and to try to get that called early with the expensive and uneconomical to us.
Donna Titzman: Yes, so I mean we do view that dividend as it is very important part of the total shareholder return, but it’s also important to us that it is sustainable. So we want it to be very competitive in the market generally and specifically against our peers. But we also want to be able to sustain that dividend through the earnings cycle. So we always continue to look at that mix. We always continue to review it.
