Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Nikki, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2015 financial results news release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2015 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluding items, are available in the third quarter 2015 financial results news release and the Appendix to the slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the second quarter financial results news release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Nikki, we're ready for questions.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. So, thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Thanks again for joining us and have a great day.
Mark J. Costa: Good morning, everyone, I'll start my comments on slide three. We had a solid third quarter in line with our expectations delivering strong earnings and cash flow and improving EBITDA margins to about 24% in a tough environment. We are continuing to benefit from the improvements we've made to the company, resulting in a more specialty portfolio. And we continue to show the benefits of a robust and diverse portfolio in both the breadth of our end market positions and geographic diversity . Most importantly, our specialties are driving our growth: Advanced Materials, Adhesives & Plasticizers, and Additives & Functional Products lead our earnings growth this quarter and for the year. We are seeing some great innovation driven growth across the portfolio. For example, in window interlayers within Advanced Materials we are delivering very strong volume growth and we expect to set a record in overall volume with significant mix improvement. As our premium acoustic and heads-up display products, volumes grow more than 20% year-over-year. With acoustics, we continue to see strong macro trends to reduce noise in the cabin and overall weight leading to greater penetration to a wide range of auto models. In Advanced Materials, our recently launched displays product use for polarizer film in high-end mobile devices is delivering very strong earnings growth this year. This great innovation enables dramatically improved optical properties when viewing mobile devices at an angle and contributes to thinner devices by enabling more than a 50% reduction in film thickness. In Additives & Functional Products, we are realizing a compelling synergy as Solutia's market connect in tires has enabled double-digit growth in our tackifying resins as a performance additive for traction eco-efficient tires. We are becoming the preferred innovative partner in the industry given Eastman has the most diverse set of technology platforms and deep application development capability relative to its competitors. What I like about all of these examples is that we're delivering earnings growth through volume and mix upgrade in a tough environment. In addition, our acquisitions continue to deliver in this challenging environment. We're on track for $0.50 accretion. Taminco results remained solid due to the diversity of its portfolio and strong market positions. We just completed our SAP cutover in nine months with no customer disruptions, which is a great accomplishment and lets us ramp up our efforts on some of the cost and operational synergies. Commonwealth has been an outstanding acquisition for Advanced Materials, expanding our films product portfolio into paint protection films which we are growing rapidly through our own distributor network. And the aviation turbine oil business we acquired from BP has integrated nicely with our existing aviation fluids. We are also doing outstanding job on the cost management, keeping cost relatively flat with strong productivity gains. And within this, we continue to shift our resource mix towards our growth programs. Our strong performance was able to offset some increasing headwinds in declining olefin prices and a strengthening dollar, particularly in some emerging markets. And we continue to deliver strong free cash flow, $208 million in the third quarter and over $600 million through nine months. And we continue to expect free cash flow of $900 million for the year. None of this would be possible without the strong commitment of the talented Eastman employees throughout the world. Together, all this puts us on track for a sixth consecutive year of earnings growth. Now I'll turn over to Curt to talk about corporate and segment results.
Mark J. Costa: Sure, Dave. I would have never guessed that question coming from you. So, happy to talk about it. First, and to keep it simple, we're confident we can grow earnings in 2016 relative to 2015. We have several tailwinds that I think are important. The most important by far is that continued growth in our specialty segments, the AAA segments, I think, are all well-positioned to deliver earnings growth. And the key drivers of it will be the volume and mix that they have, continuing to leverage the acquisitions that they've done as well to deliver that growth. The second will be a net tailwind from the hedges coming off, so you've got the propane hedge coming off. you also have some of the currency hedge coming off, the net that provides that provides a tailwind. I think it's reasonable to expect that olefin prices next year relative to this year are likely to be higher especially given how low they've gone in the back half of this year with sort of supply gluts in ethylene and propylene. So that will certainly be helpful. Of course, there are the synergies that we have around the acquisitions, the cost synergies and even some commercial synergies. And I would note that we're also planning on aggressively managing our costs across the entire company. We've done a great job in productivity this year and we're going to ramp up our efforts for more aggressive actions next year to improve our cost position in the marketplace. And lastly, there's the strength of our free cash flow. So we'll create value for shareholders in paying down our debt and then getting access to that free cash with repurchased shares. So you add all those together and it's a nice set of tailwinds. There is one headwind I think that applies to every chemical company that has raw materials derived from oil. So we've been benefiting this year as raw material prices have dropped pretty rapidly, and we've held on the prices in a number of our businesses expanding our margins. And of course, as you go through the year, you give some of that back with price and so that's great this year. Obviously, if raws are flat next year that becomes a bit of a headwind. I don't think that it's significant for us relative to some others because of the propane hedge and so much of our earnings are coming from cellulosics that didn't have spread expansion. But there'll be some of that headwind that nets against those tailwinds. And then it comes down to the big uncertainties around the global economic factors around overall market growth and currencies. But assuming those are stable, I think we're very well-positioned to deliver earnings growth because the tailwinds are quite significant. So I think we're just well-positioned for some our seventh year of earnings growth and I think it's a great opportunity, especially when you think about what we're delivering for shareholders and earnings growth, strong EBITDA margins, our cash flow yield, it's a great valuation upside.
Mark J. Costa: So we're quite encouraged and happy to see demand come back exactly as we expected from the beginning of the year in tow, 20% improvement sequentially into the third quarter was great. And we expect volumes to continue to be solid into the fourth quarter. So I think that when you look outside of China, destocking, I think, has run its course. And when you look inside China, I think that you've got some risk of destocking continuing into next year. They certainly have made progress in destocking from what we can see in the wholesale inventories. But it's a little hard to know if they've gone all the way to achieving their objective. But I think that overall, what I would say is that expects sort of flat demand for us next year. So outside China, you have destocking ending, but the normal macro declines of cigarette consumption, netting against each other. Inside of China, you've got some expected growth in cigarette production as the Chinese National Tobacco Company continues to drive to meet its tax revenue growth targets. You've got some filter lengthening that's going on still, and you've got this question around destocking and chance of it being some, but maybe not as much as this year, offset by the Daiso joint venture which started up in the middle of next year, obviously continuing into next year. So all those net against each other, and it also feels sort of flattish. So global flattish situation when we look at demand for next year versus this year.
Mark J. Costa: We've been saying this all year. I would expect earnings from Fibers to be stable, but I'm not going to call it as growth or down. I think it's going to be relatively stable. There's a lot of moving parts. We're in the beginning of our contract discussions with all of our customers on volume and price. And so we'll comment more about that next year. But I think it's stable which, back to the 2016 earnings question, it's stable. It's not a headwind against the growth in the AAA segments.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. As you look at the AAA segment, I think each segment has a different story. And it's important to start by thinking about it from a stream point of view. So cellulosics, which drives a lot of earnings obviously in Fibers, but also in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products. There's been no spread expansion. That business, based on value, our raw materials or coal, that's not a spread expansion story, so that's quite stable. And then you've got sort of olefin versus paraxylene as the other components within those AAA segments. And on the olefin side, while both olefin prices and ethane and propane have dropped, given our propane hedge, we haven't had a lot of margin expansion in olefins, anywhere in the portfolio when you look at it on a four-year basis. And so I don't think you've got a huge margin expansion problem in olefins. So, you're then down to paraxylene and I think you've got some tailwind in Advanced Materials associated with paraxylene for our co-polyesters and that certainly been helpful. But I'd put that in the order, the third place of how we've driven earnings growth in Advanced Materials this year, volume and mix being the number one driver, the acquisition being number two and then that being number three. So it will certainly mitigate how we can grow earnings next year, but I still think we'll grow earnings. And then Adhesives & Plasticizers, the one place where we probably also have some margin expansion especially in adhesives where the industry has been really tight, and we've seen great margins in that business. And we expect those margins to come off a little bit as we go into next year. We also expect that to be balanced against volume growth in adhesives as we've been able to get more access to raw materials and address some operational limitations that we had this year. And so that margin coming off versus volume growth will net against each other. It's a little hard to call how that will play out. But overall, we look at the AAA segments and see earnings growth coming from those three segments delivering growth for shareholders next year.
Mark J. Costa: Sure, Frank. The acoustic interlayers are just a fantastic product and it was greater than 20% volume growth this year, it's just been tremendous. And we really started with luxury cars, and we're just in the process of moving into the mid-tier cars with the acoustics and the windshield which both quiets the cabin and now they're doing trade-offs between do I acquire the cabin or do I take glass out to hit better fuel efficiency. So it's opening up a wide range of choices. But I think that we're going to see – we're still just in the beginning of penetrating the overall market. And I also see growth beyond just the windshield. So we're seeing people start moving to laminated glass on the side windows as well, for both safety reasons as well as acoustic reasons. So we're getting more real estate per car, more cars. We have several years ahead of us in growth from a penetration point of view, and we have a next-generation acoustic product that significantly improves performance over this one that's going to give us a whole another leg of innovation and growth on top of it. So a lot of room to grow there. And I'd also note that heads-up display has got a huge potential market in front of us relative to its current penetration. We're seeing a lot of growth there as people are trying to work on better mobility and safety for information provision to drivers in the car. So I think – and we're making significant improvements not just with the current product, but a whole another next-generation product to allow a much bigger screen, much better clarity in the windshields. So this area is just on fire with innovation. It's an exciting space for us.
Mark J. Costa: Well, let me clarify my expectation on the tax rate, Frank. What I would indicate is that if the tax extenders are passed, our tax rate for the year will be closer to 26%. If they're not passed, they'll be closer to 27%.
Mark J. Costa: So Taminco is definitely on track with our expectations except for currency. So as we look at the overall business, we certainly did feel like everyone else, some pressure on the row crop-related ag part of Taminco's business. It's important to remember that row crops are only about 10% of Taminco's business or just over 1% of Eastman's revenue. So it's not a significant factor for us, but certainly, we're tracking with what you're reading in the press of the big ag companies on row crops, and that being off a bit. That has been offset largely by a strong performance in our crop protection business where we sell a great set of fungicides and soil fumigants and other products into perishable products that have done well this year, and aren't caught up in this oversupply of corn and soybeans. So that part is sort of hanging in there together on a net basis; obviously, the oil and gas business didn't grow as much as we expected upstream, but we've actually seen good downstream growth offsetting some of that where we sell products into cleaning up the gas. And then, water treatment and personal care doing quite well. So overall, I think the revenue side of the equation is hanging in relatively well. They're doing a very good job of managing their cost like all of Eastman and providing good earnings accretion for the shareholders, synergies coming in as we expected. But we did take a hit on currency that certainly wasn't in our plans when I looked at this acquisition 12 months ago.
Mark J. Costa: Well, certainly, the Texas integrated site that produces the ethylene and propylene, and we translate that into all of our specialties that we sell out of that site, is a permanent member of the company and one that we're focused on keeping. As we've said since the summer of 2013, we've been looking to sell our small crackers that produce the excess ethylene, which is the real volatility you're seeing today in earnings, started in third quarter, and you're going to see more of it in the fourth quarter. We've wanted to get rid of that since 2013, but our sales process got disrupted by Westlake. So we're still focused on doing that, but the big cracker at the site produces all the hydrogen and steam for the site that runs all of our specialty businesses. You have to run that at an extremely high reliability rate because we are making products where, in some cases, we're the only manufacturer in the world in the specialties and so controlling and maintaining that integrated site is essential for our specialty business. And so we're going to continue to focus on doing that. We're quite proud of the fact that we haven't had a force majeure in 20 years across our sites, and our customers put a lot of value on that because they know that they can count on us as being a reliable supplier. And in specialties, when there's very few alternative suppliers, it's a very significant part of our value proposition. But we're going to always get out of every bit of commodity we can. We've been doing it for the last seven years in the $3.5 billion of revenue we sold off. So, I think we're doing all we can. We'll continue looking for those opportunities.
Mark J. Costa: Sure, Mike. I'll try that at a high level. The specialty businesses that have the growth, the AAA segments, they certainly are exceeding our expectations, they're delivering more volume and mix upgrade than we expected at the beginning of the year in a tough economic environment, and obviously doing a great job of holding onto value in our pricing where it's appropriate as raws come off. So I'd say they're certainly ahead of our expectations. And I think Fibers came out more or less where we expected this year, so that's not been a surprise. And I do think it will stabilize out as we go into next year. And then unfortunately offsetting some of the great performance that we've seen in the specialties has been the significant drop in olefin prices that have gone well past the value of oil in the middle of the quarter, in the third quarter and into the fourth. That sort of offsets some of that great performance. But the good news about the olefin price headwinds is I think they're relatively temporary because it is more of a supply-driven thing, and I think will go to a more balanced situation next year from what all the experts seem to be saying. So if that's true then that pressure will come off and not be offsetting the growth in the specialties.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. It's not going to be – I'd love to be able to tell you it was going to be that great. But it's not going to be that strong when you look at the AAA segment on a 2014 to 2015 basis, principally because one factor is not there which is the acquisitions have added a lot of earning from 2014 to 2015. In addition, I mentioned that some of the spread expansion that every chemical company in this industry has this year associated with oil on prices versus raws is not really expected next year as I'm thinking of raws being sort of flattish with oil being flattish into next year. And if that's the case, you'll focus on the volume and mix component of delivering earnings growth. So it will certainly be a moderated growth in 2016 versus 2015, but still growth and I think that's going to show up as very good performance as we all get into next year.
Mark J. Costa: So, Jeff, for example, in ethylene prices, we started the quarter out when we were still in the sort of $0.34 range in the third quarter. We saw spot dropped all the way down to $0.18 at one point. We're in the sort of low-to-mid-20%s now. So ethylene has just come off tremendously and the propylene has come off as well. So this is purely a ethylene/propylene related issue, especially ethylene relative to what we had originally expected.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah, it's important to keep in mind, when we put out that $0.60 to $0.80 change, that $0.20 is not what we're going to actually feel, right? We're taking pricing actions to mitigate some of that pressure as we did already in the third quarter and we'll continue to try and do in the fourth quarter. But it's certainly more pressure than we expected three months ago.
Mark J. Costa: Okay. Let me try and clarify, Jeff. When we talk about cracking spread headwind, it is not a hedge comment. It is an overall cracking spread comment. So we're looking at the cracking spreads that we have, ethylene and propylene prices minus the cost to produce those products of ethane and propane and the hedge all rolled in was a $0.60 headwind relative to 2014 when we started the year.
Mark J. Costa: And so, when you go to where we are today, nothing has changed on the hedge. But what has changed is ethylene and propylene prices for the cracking spread calculation have come down significantly from where we were three months ago and creating some compression. But it's important to keep in mind that we don't sell propylene in the marketplace, we sell derivatives. So each product, the specialty products, obviously, we're going to do a better job on holding on the value versus some of the commodities in SFI as propylene comes down, same story with ethylene, which is predominantly sitting in SFI.
Mark J. Costa: It's both. If you think about – ignore the hedge for a second. Cracking spreads have compressed this year versus last year, right? And on top of that, we have an additional cost headwind associated with the propane hedge. So both of those contribute to the 14% to 15% cracking spread calculation. But you're right. In the specialty businesses like Additives & Functional Products, we've done a great job of holding on the value and price relative to how propylene prices have dropped, but even there you start giving it back over time. In SFI, a lot of those products in the price moves pretty fast with propylene and ethylene, so the drop in those prices drop revenue pretty quickly with the drop in ethylene and propylene. And then you've got the cost structure on the other side.
Mark J. Costa: The hedge had zero effect on volumes. We price based on value in the marketplace. It has nothing to do with volumes.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. I think that we'll certainly see volume growth in the AAA specialty businesses consistent with GDP and then levered up by some of our innovative high margin products growing much faster than GDP. So I think that when you look at Advanced Materials, the end markets that we're serving there from consumer durables to transportation and medical, all those markets are, I think, expected to grow well next year and we feel good about growth next year over this year. Additives & Functional Products, same thing. I think coatings will continue to grow and there's probably upside in residential housing in North America when you look at the housing start rates. So that should be relatively good. Tires has been a really tough year this year where we've been sort of flat in volume as China has come off with a lot of destocking and slowdown in their economic situation, and that's been offset fortunately by North America and Europe. But again, tire volumes sort of flattish this year globally for Crystex and PPDs and then of course strong tire resin growth on top of that, giving us overall growth. And I would actually expect tire growth in China to be better, and the rest of globe continue growing. So, again, feel good about growth in tires next year because I think some of the destocking will be done in China. And then Adhesives & Plasticizers, great underlying market trends in hygiene and packaging for the adhesives as well as the non-phthalate conversions in North America driving a lot of volume growth. So over that, I think it's all good. As I mentioned already, we expect volume and earnings to be relatively flattish in Fibers. And then SFI is just the engine that makes everything else run. So those kgs are a little deceptive because if we do shutdowns more in one year versus another, for example, all of that volume variance for the total company shows up in SFI as we have just – the run rates of what we can sell, that's left over in SFI after we've done all the specialty growth for those intermediates.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. I think that like probably most chemical companies, we all favor a steadily increasing raw material environment and a steadily increasing growth environment. So oil going up on a steady basis is probably the best scenario you can hope for. The worst thing for chemical companies is extreme volatility where the price of oil and raw is flying up and down.
Mark J. Costa: Well, as I just mentioned, a steadily increasing oil price would certainly be good for the overall company. When it comes to products going into ag and oil and gas specifically, obviously, that would be volume upside for us relative to where we are today and give us a nice earnings growth especially through some of the Taminco businesses.
Mark J. Costa: Well, as I said, in ag I don't think we're really under earning because while we took a hit on volume coming off a bit in corn and soybean crops, we benefited from crop protection having a good seasonal year. So I don't think there was a overall big hit this year for us compared to some of the ag-focused companies. But I think there'll be modest improvement for us. So I'm not going to call out this specific earnings gain.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. So acoustics is a great product, but it's only part of overall Advanced Materials which is a very big segment. So what we love about the overall Advanced Materials business is it's having a great year across a wide range of specialty products. But some of the bigger volume products like copolyesters have a certain amount of limitation on how much they're going to grow that factors into that weighted average number that you're looking at. And I'd also note that we had some offsets in performance films in emerging markets. So you're selling films that go on to cars that are being sold. And so places like Brazil, Southeast Asia and even, to some extent, China have not been great for us for some of the performance films. And so that's not been growing as much in some of those isolated markets. I would note that performance films is growing incredibly well in North America and in some of our distribution channels in China. But overall, it nets out that way.
Mark J. Costa: It's a mix of everything. So when you – two stories in Adhesives & Plasticizers. On the Adhesives side, the industry has been tight, giving us pricing power. And obviously, we've enjoyed that and improved our margins from that. But it's also important to note that we're also upgrading the mix within that volume that you don't quite see. So we're selling – having nice growth in our differentiated hydrogenated resins that are going into packaging and diapers and other products like that that are going quite well. And we've had a bit of a decline in volume in our non-hydrogenated resins, which are a lower margin that have been restricted because of raw material availability and some operational issues. So net, you've had a mix upgrade and some margin expansion in that story. On the Plasticizers side, you've had great volume growth offset by margin compression as the Asian competitors have been trying to sell their non-phthalate plasticizers in Europe and North America with the lower oil price and, of course, we're shale gas-based in those products, so we've been feeling some compression there. So as you look at next year, which I think is the key to this question, is you'll see some margins come off in Adhesives because there is some more raw materials being made available that cause it to be tight. But we'll have more volume growth next year than this year in Adhesives, offsetting that to some degree, and we'll see how that plays out as we get into January. And then on the Plasticizers side, we should have good volume growth again next year and hope that the spreads stabilize, and that should be a source of earnings growth. So, overall, I think that the margin percentage will come down, but we'll still be in a good position to deliver good earnings out of this segment.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. Taking it in reverse order. We have plenty of capacity to grow in non-phthalate plasticizers and there's plenty of opportunity in this market to continue to grow. We're just beginning the full conversion of this market to non-phthalate, so we have several years to run.
Mark J. Costa: We certainly saw that the industry consolidated with Kuraray buying DuPont's business. But I wouldn't say that we are seeing growth this year because of that consolidation. I think that everyone's out there trying to compete as best as they possibly can. We're just enjoying a lot of growth because of our products and our value proposition to our customers.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. So when you think about Q4, I would expect year-over-year earnings growth in the AAA segments, the specialty businesses are all focused in and positioned to deliver year-over-year earnings growth. And then obviously with Fibers, if volumes stay similar to the third quarter into the fourth quarter, that's going to be a little bit less than the volume we had in tow last year, so you're going to have a bit of an earnings headwind there. And then it's just down to SFI where you have the impact of the lower ethylene prices and the lower propylene prices showing up most significantly. And that's going to bring your earnings down sequentially from third to fourth quarter. So when you net it all together, we've picked up some headwind relative to where we were at the beginning of the third quarter. But I still feel very good about earnings in total for the year.
Mark J. Costa: So I just want to make a quick summary's comment and we'll wrap it up. So overall, we feel great. We've been working on this strategy for a long time to deliver and change our portfolio to being more specialty-oriented. You can now see how the power of that strategy is working and delivering growth through the specialty AAA segments, working hard to keep the Fibers business stable, and believe we can do that. And that, I think, is a compelling story of how we can continue to deliver our seventh consecutive earnings growth next year, with great margins, great free cash flow that gives additional upside to shareholders beyond the earnings growth and how we delever as well as repurchase shares next year. So I just wanted to sort of really thank the Eastman employees as well for doing such a great job in delivering these results in a very difficult environment and showing what we can do with our portfolio. And with that I'll wrap it up.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, I think right now, we'll continue to evaluate kind of where we think propane is going as well as just what is the pricing of our propylene derivatives and ethylene derivatives. Our hedging for this year, next year are virtually down. So there won't be any more hedging done at this point. Beyond that we'll continue to evaluate as the market dictates.
Curtis E. Espeland: We will always have a programmatic strategy. I'm just saying as it relates for the next couple of years that strategy has already been executed.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, if you're talking about our – we have one cracker that's been idle and that has always been an asset we're always looking at ways to maybe create value. But predominantly, at this point, our focus has been on our derivatives. When you look at our crackers itself, I don't see bringing that cracker up at this point, unless there's another party that feels they can use that excess ethylene that comes from that. What we're continuing to look for is just how do we deal with our excess ethylene, still some good options out there, some things we have to work through as you know. But our focus is just how do we potentially get rid of that excess ethylene from our portfolio.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yeah. I'd say, Frank, the $0.80 per share headwind is for the whole company, and that is a $0.20 impact. I would say some of that showed up in third quarter, but a predominant piece of it's going to be showing up in the fourth quarter.
Curtis E. Espeland: Let me just clarify two things. First of all, as it relates to our expectations, there's about an $0.80 headwind now for 2015. And that changes – not because of the hedges, it's predominantly because of selling prices with ethylene. But if you think about our hedge, we're about two-thirds hedged in 2015 and we've said that'll just be about 50% in 2016. So that'll give you some magnitude of the shift that will occur, that will have a tailwind for us as it relates to lower propane hedge costs.
Curtis E. Espeland: No, Jeff, that's generally the case. We do have some options around our hedging strategy. But to a greater extent, they're forward contracts and with forward contracts, it's just simply the price of that forward contract relative to the price. And as we talked about before, a lot of that forward contract was just around the dollar.
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, that delta is not in – the propane impact hasn't changed. That is just a reflection of pricing of olefins, but predominantly the collapse in ethylene.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Jeff, I just want to remind everyone. This is our estimated benefit of producing versus purchasing olefins, it's a theoretical calculation we try to provide, which is influenced by the propane hedge, but that is something we tried to provide to give some sense. You still have the pricing dynamics above and beyond it.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, as we've talked about before, the cost of our inputs for Fibers is pretty well known a year in advance, as well as the contract negotiations we have. And so some of that cellulosics impact on Fibers has already been reflected and you see the pricing behavior of Fibers in our numbers.
Curtis E. Espeland: Sure. If I could break it down, if you think about the economic exposure we have with currency, we're predominantly long in euro. And we've talked about that being roughly a $0.30 per share headwind, 2015 over 2014. That has benefited, about a 50% hedge (57:42) a little bit in 2016 the amount of hedge we have in place there. But we'll still have a nice hedge to help mitigate some of that exposure. And then on top of it, we have some other foreign currencies we have exposure to on a smaller scale, like the yen and others. And so if I think about this year, that's probably another $0.10 per share headwind. And so when I look at currency for the full year, about 40% headwind mitigated partially because of the euro hedge and we'll have a good euro hedge going into next year still, but just to a smaller degree.
