Mark Costa: Thanks Curt. As we look at our earnings growth potential for 2015 and beyond we feel great about our strategy which we discussed in detail at Investor Day. We have strong growth drivers in place across the Company; we have a solid portfolio of specialty businesses that are well positioned to grow. Solid end market growth especially in transportation and B&C end markets.  Strong premium products that we expect to accelerate earnings growth especially advanced materials. We're working hard to hold on to the raw material tailwinds in our specialty products. We also expect to benefit in 2015 from significant accretion from the attractive acquisitions we completed in 2014. I would also note that our acquisitions are mostly neutral volatile oil and manufactured in the regions where they sell. These additions are great improvements to the robust mix of our portfolio. Obviously we faced some short-term headwinds like many U.S companies but we don't think any of them undermining our long-term strategy. The unprecedented change in oil prices has created a challenge with our current propane hedge and some uncertainty about how competitive credit flow might change. The dollar has strengthened considerably against the basket of currencies most notably for us against the euro. And while we anticipated that a risk of inventory destocking existed in fibers, we now have a better understanding that the level of destocking is larger, more broader than we expected across the customer base.  Given all that we expect our full year 2015 EPS to be similar to 2014 EPS. With the split between the first half and the second half of the year and being consistent with our history. As we consider the sensitivity of this outlook we can't see a pathway to earnings growth. If the drop in oil prices is predominantly driven by supply then it should be a stimulus to economic demand and this benefit can show up in several different ways.  First many of our customers are maintaining very low inventory level and as oil prices stabilize and go up we could see some restocking. Second we believe that oil prices will also be a long-term stimulus to global GDP and great for Eastman's specialty strategy where we're selling high value differentiated products that are leveraged in economic recovery.  Third improving demand will tighten supply to demand balances in some of the industries as well. Of course if we're headed into a global economic slowdown the declining demand and further reduction of oil prices will face the challenge. As I think about our cash flow and the next stage I believe our cash flow is one of Eastman's greatest strengths and we continue to generate very strong free cash flow in 2014 and we expect to do it again in 2015.  With our current outlook we expect approximately $1.6 billion of operating cash flow. This outlook reflects current earnings expectations as well as some improvement in working capital resulting from lower commodity cost. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $700 million to $725 million this reflects normal maintenance capital as well as some additional infrastructure spending. This also reflects growth capital this year for the expansion of our Tritan copolyester capacity and our new Crystex capacity in Malaysia.  Free cash flow is expected to be approximately $850 million to $900 million and this is a nice improvement over 2014. As a reminder our priority for free cash flow over the next 24 months is deleveraging our debt. While doing so it is reasonable for investors to expect it will continue to increase our dividend and we expect to offset dilution with stock repurchases. And as we continue to generate very strong free cash flow over the coming years we will continue to employ capital in a balanced and disciplined way.  We now want to reflect what we said at Investor Day. I firmly believe that our strategy is intact and we will deliver strong consistent earnings growth and compelling free cash flow overtime. We have obviously hit some short-term headwinds that we and most of the world did not expect but our portfolio of businesses is robust and capable of offsetting these challenges and finding pathways to grow. These challenges are a headwind as we head into 2015 but are not likely to be an additional headwind in 2016. The growth drivers of our portfolio are strong overtime and we will continue to deliver strong earnings growth and compelling free cash flow. We remain confident that we will continue to create value for our stockholders and all of our stakeholders.  With that I will turn it back over to Gregory. 
Mark Costa: Good morning Kevin, thank you for the question. So I will start with the demand side of that question, I want to start first with our view about primary demand as you are getting out and then tow demand. So if you think about primary consumer demand we don’t have any change in our view about the outlook of demand in the medium term. We continue to expect developed world to slowly declined, the developing world including China to show some growth. And then the real question then it settles on what’s happening in China. As we look at back at 2014 demand was relatively flat at the consumption level in China. And everything were being told about that continues to suggest that primary driver for that flatness was austerity measures changing the use environment of cigarettes and if we believe that to be true and we are not hearing anything otherwise, that’s like a destocking even where you take a chunk of demand out but when you look at population modeling and growth you would then expect demand growth to return at a modest level in China.  So that although holding together we are not seeing any change in that from all of our sources which is primarily talking to our customers.  When you get to tow demand, as we discussed last year, there are two different dynamics going on when you go from demand in ’14 to ’15. The first is CNTC in China has added additional capacity like they added capacity with us in ’14. They have added some additional capacity to [dye] sale. And so of course they are going to run those assets full as they own them and that takes a certain chunk of demand out of the imports which was factored into our guidance back in Investor Day, that’s not really a surprise for us.  The second part is we expected some modest destocking, but all the customers who come to us and been very clear that they are going to do some amount of destocking, particular in China. And where it behind that and were it makes sense to us Kevin is from 2011 to ’13 you saw a tremendous tightness in capacity unitization, this industry close to 100%. So lot of customers were carrying a safety stock to make sure that they didn’t run out and makes a lot of sense when you look at how small of a percentage tow is of the final price of the cigarette not a place you want to run out, in short your production sales. And then with the slowdown in demand and this capacity add in China obviously the capacity utilization loosing up a little bit and customers have felt that it’s more appropriate to destock some of that safety stock and readjust their inventory.  So everything we know suggests that it’s destocking, if we believe that to be true then there is reason to believe that demand in ’16 could actually be higher than ’15, and that’s the best that we know of that part. So when we get to sort of what we do about that, well we want to make sure we understood exactly how demand is going to play out across all of customers and finish the contracting which happened this week. So if you are pretty good about sort of knowing where we stand and now of course you take an assessment all of what I have said and decide most appropriate actions to take on the cost structure side. We are actively in the middle of making those decisions and it’s inappropriate for us to discuss them further and what finalize those decision. 
Mark Costa: I knew I can count on you for the growth math question. Your math is actually incorrect, you're actually missing out on some additional accretion so Taminco wasn’t the only acquisition we did, we’ve got some nice accretion coming in from BP turbine oil, Commonwealth little bit more share count advantage rolling into the year. So, I think of acquisitions being $0.50 or little bit above $0.50 of accretion. So then you're talking about how do I hold on to value, we’re certainly tend to run our plans better as you mentioned, we still have some decent amount of shutdowns coming in this year, so there is not a huge planned shutdown differential from year-to-year and we certainly plan to run better. So you were talking about, can we do better than either $0.50 to $0.40 a share organic in our portfolio, that’s certainly is our goal and we’re driving really hard on all fronts to do that, I think we see very solid demand trends especially B&C and transportation durables especially in U.S. and it's a nice actually having 50% of our -- little bit less than 50% of our revenue in the U.S. these days and we’re pretty happy that our exposure to Europe is one of the lower ones relative to our peers from both the currency and weak demand point of view. So, I think our portfolio is very well positioned for primary demand, more importantly we get a lot of accelerate earnings growth out of our earnings in premium price especially of Advanced Materials where we’re selling double-digit growth rates and things like Tritan, Acoustics heads up displays, window films, resins and tires and AFP all of which are accelerating earnings growth within that top-line growth as those margin are quite attractive. So, it all adds up where we feel they are good about that driving to that $0.50 and to get beyond $0.50 you need to believe that demand is going to be a little bit better this year than the overall demand growth that we saw last year. And I think there is every reason to believe that’s possible, I mean the camp that oil is supply driven primarily therefore is a global stimulus to demand and there is potentially some restocking that if we get if oil price stabilize and all that can show up as some stronger demand than what we have in our current outlook and put us on a path, but it's a beginning of a year and a very volatile year right now Frank, we know when the oil prices are going or trade flows are going to change and so I think it's prudent at this point just see how it plays out, we get lot more insider for the first quarter and be in a much better position to discuss this when we get through the first quarter.
Mark Costa: Sure, we have some small amount of licensing that we do expect to get in 2015 and that’s included in our comments around SFI which is where that licensing value shows up, there is some bigger licenses that we’ve been working on, but given the uncertainty of them we’re not including that in the forecast and that will be upside if they happen either this year or next year.
Mark Costa: No so much, the best material of our coal derive products are sale investors whether it's going into fibers or grade specialty products are going to our display business in some specialty plastics or very high value additives that go into automotive coatings and other applications in AFP and all of those are very well positioned and the real competitor is natural gas, actually not oil from the competitive cost base and that were up against and we’re not seeing any significant changes in natural gas and the raw materials are relatively small part of those cost structures. So it's not a main factor like it is in the olefins discussion.
Mark Costa: Sure, similar to what I talked about all of them, we do have a multi-year hedging program on currencies to remove volatility that could result from that. You’ve been seeing that benefit over the last couple of years we haven’t really seen currency is enough factor, because of the dramatic decline, you see the impact we’ve quantified and I’d say roughly our hedge position in 2015 is about 50% hedge.
Mark Costa: So certainly as we view this sort of olefin analysis and in particular where you’re seeing the biggest impact from an oil point of view. That’s all factored into our thinking when you sat that $0.40, $0.60 headwind because that’s the change and they are not the oil drive cost structures across the globe and how that impacts our U.S cost position. So that’s included in that discussion. I think the other place we're getting nice tailwinds like all of our competitors on an equal basis Para xylene and Benzene drive products were all in the same both together and we're not seeing any significant sort of changes in the way of cost position in those places. I have no doubt that as European and Asians getting improvement in the cost structure there are going to be more aggressive and we factor that our thinking. But we still think that we're putting lot more value and just price in our relationships with the customers we have a lot of great specialty products and differentiate positions and those will endure some of those threats.
Mark Costa: So Taminco first of Taminco is a great portfolio of business in a very diverse side in the markets and niche applications. You have to keep that in mind where Ag is specifically row crops where the current concerns seems us sit specifically even more so on corn. That’s a pretty small percentage of Taminco's overall revenue so only about 10% of Tamico's total revenue associated with row crops. All of crop protection which is the high value, high margin specialties going to perishable, vegetables, fruits, flower type market that they are expected very consistent demand year over year. But within that area lot of products go into both soybeans corns so as the mix of shifting from corn to soybean that doesn’t actually effect as. And of course we do expect some modest amount of headwind on the corn side but other than that it will still be growth for us because there is a lot destocking in the big winter hit last year. So even in the herbicide area for us -- even where we sitting to supply chain we still foresee some growth in that 10% year-over-year based on what our customers are telling us. 
Mark Costa: Sure great business really excited about our technology breakthrough and the investments we're making to grow this business improve our cost position. In addition to my prepared remarks the great thing about this technologies also going to allow us to have differentiated products not just cheaper ones from the cost point of view. Therefore a lot of opportunities to grow from a primary market demand point of view we expect tire demand growth in '15 versus '14 this industry is had tough couple of years '14 was a tough year especially for Crystex which is highly leveraged to commercial tires and construction and mining tires. So obviously '14 wasn’t a good year especially in Asia Pacific. But everything we can see right now from our customer suggests that we're going to have solid growth this year on the demand side. We are very committed to maintaining our market share with our new technology in product advantages and growing with that market as we go forward and so we feel good about it.
Mark Costa: You would have saw some slight growth in those segment, other than that is the function of products I think we talked about there was benefit of improvement in volume and are nice coating product line offset by some maybe lower tire added to those product lines.
Mark Costa: Sure so if you look at just a trend of cash flows in 2014 versus 2013. First of all our cash conversion cycle metrics have actually improved year-over-year. And so we're still seeing good working capital management. The main drivers to the third and fourth quarter Jeff, quite honestly just a timing difference in when we made our pension contributions as well just how tax payments flowed. So it's really those two items on a quarterly, but then well not that dramatically year-over-year. 
Mark Costa: As you know Eastman has had an active hedging program for a number of years PJ, consistent some of the changes and discussions we had whether it's commodities, currencies, interest rates et cetera. We talked last year and we were pretty transparent on this change that consistent with our strategy to deliver consistent year-over-year earnings growth we revised our propane hedging program from that winter spike protection you mentioned to a multi-year program in 2014. Such change in the program was not taken lightly, it was discussed broadly amongst our executive team, it was based on good fundamental analysis and inputs from industry experts which well indicating propane was going to remain volatile much like it did the last few years and as result propane varied from $0.80 a gallon to a $1.50 gallon.  Further all those indications at the time pointed to higher propane cost as the impact of PDH units and expert terminals were supposed to result in U.S propane prices increasing to be more aligned with global prices. So when we assessed that case and we assessed what other different scenarios could play out, we look at the likelihood that propane would drop below $0.80 a gallon and that would here mean it would have had to been even more than it did back in 2009 in recessionary period. So we looked at that as a very extremely remote scenario but nonetheless we know where we're at today, the oil shock has in fact occurred and we recognized we will need to work through these hedge positions over the next three years. 
Mark Costa: Adhesives has had a nice recovery in '14 to '13 and we expect it to continue into '15. So we're seeing very strong solid demand growth in hygiene, high value packaging applications that use our more advantaged hydrogenated resins, so it's been a nice demand story in '14 and that will continue into '15.  What we also see is the availability of hydrocarbon raw materials to make resins became tighter again relative to demand growth and we got some surprising power back and we are able to start improving our margins. And as part of that question rosin prices have been relatively stable at a more normalized level, so it's not as attractive to substitute from hydrocarbons to rosins as it was back in 2013 and that's expected to stay pretty stable consistent in '15. So we just continue to think of this business is having continued recovery which will be a balance of creating value for our shareholders with price and volume as that raw material market is also a little bit tied to the whole industry on making hydrocarbon resins, so we're going to create value with both levers. 
Mark Costa: So generally speaking I expect our cash conversion cycle to be roughly the same. Particularly what we focus on mostly is the quantity, when we look at items like inventory. So as we work through that business-by-business look at where some of their growth is going to be and understand a working capital requirements et cetera. I generally think it will be flat. Now we will also try to estimate the impact of the flow through lower raws that we have been talking about today on a net basis, so we have factored in that as well. So when I think about working capital ’15 over ’14 on a net-debt, I think it’s going to be a slight headwind for us a cash basis going into ’15. 
Mark Costa: No we are not seeing any pressures on the margin side. I will remind you that most of Taminco’s businesses is long-term contracted, pricing structures are typically cost pass-through, so olefins go down they are going to pass-through, if it goes up it passes through. So in general I don’t think there is anything meaningful from a price point view, they of course have some modest currency headwinds in their European operations, but it’s not significant relative to some of the other parts of our portfolio. So that’s not really a concern. 
Mark Costa: Hey Bob good question. We are looking at that, right now the chlorine chloride is a pretty small percentage of the total portfolio for fracking. Some of that goes into cleaning up sour gas which isn’t as vulnerable as some of those dynamic of the oil right now. But we aren’t seeing any dramatic trends yet in the demand and it seems pretty solid starting out year, but our forecast includes an expectation of softening demand growth in that business towards the back half of the year. You can’t avoid the news of how people cutting back on drilling right now. And so we expect that to be little bit more modest. But it’s a very small percentage of the total revenue today. So, not a big exposure. 
Mark Costa: Bob of I all I can assure you that we are everything we can do to aggressively hold on the value everywhere in this raw material environment. The story is product-by-product I can give you a different story where we are very strong, a lot of our portfolio frankly just is an subject to this raw material tailwind, it’s just very steady very nice, solid margin businesses, our whole cellulose ester and is just is in part of this dynamic right now. And so you put that aside and say let’s focus on volume growth -- in delivering value. In the places where you got benzene, Para xylene, parts of advanced materials, heat transfer fluids and PPD things like that where we got some raw material tailwind, some of that, some are commodity oriented, you are going to pass the price on pretty fast and you got formula contracts in place. And other places we are going to hold on to as much of that value as we can, and there is the dynamics are different.  And then olefins it’s a same story. Some of its commodity where it’s going to pass on quickly you can see where the prices are going in some of the SFI products and the ISIS daily report. But other places are holding on to. So our guidance includes holding on to modest amount of that value through the year to offset the currency and propane hedge headwinds. So get us to where we are guiding right now, if we do better in holding on that value which is certainly our goal. That will be upside. But we don’t want to get ahead of ourselves until we see how successful we are after the first quarter. 
Mark Costa: Whether it’s cash flow heads and we don’t get in the habit of trying to reposition them constantly, but we do evaluate that but if you look at the opportunity right now it looks like ways more likely to go up than down. I think quite honestly even if we settle them from a cash basis the earnings implication will still flow through as a cash flow hedges over the next couple of years. 
Mark Costa: Great, question Mike. The interlayers business is great business in particular the premium products Acoustics and heads-up displays, both high margin, very high growth double-digits and expected to continue from a volume point of view into 2015 and beyond. OEM auto builders are switching not just windshields acoustics but side lamps, et cetera for both acoustic and light weighting purposes, so it's just a great growth trend and we’ve got some great next generation products coming out down the pipe to make that value proposition even better over the next couple of years. on the pricing side, you're absolutely right, premium products you don’t have to give a lot of the drill benefit back, so that will also be some tailwind for that business across all portfolio those also have a lot of our business area annual contracts like fibers where we sort of get locked in and so if you have headwinds like we did last year and then prices going up, that hurts and this year we expect to have some tailwind.
Mark Costa: First of all I’d say the integration efforts have gone up to a great start across many fronts, great feedback from customer suppliers and we’re really thankful to have the talent that’s come over from Taminco to help us manage these businesses. As you look at the synergies themselves, we still feel we’re on target to a 5% synergy, if you recall those 5% synergies are mostly cost synergies in the form of operational synergies, supply chain optimization, et cetera. Those will take a little longer than some of the synergies that we’ve captured from other acquisition such as Solutia. So I still feel good about getting these majority of these 5% over the next two years, we get just a portion of that in 2015, maybe little less than I was thinking little while ago, but we’ll get the majority of those cost synergies in 2016 and then we’ll get a little bit beyond that plus the business and revenue synergies will kick in there.
Mark Costa: Thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our Web site later this morning. Thanks again and have a good day.
Curt Espeland: So David on the hedge, it is what it is. What we are doing most of importantly on the price side is we are fighting hard to hold on the value that we create for our customers with our products and hold on that somewhere that raw material tailwinds at all the places that we can. And that will have variant degrees a success offset some of that headwind. So that’s going on right now. In addition we expect to and plan to run our cracker as well. We did a big turnaround last fall. And the big cracker that’s come up is running incredibly well, with that cracker and other efforts to leverage towards propane mix as much as we can, will advantage us, because that will be all spot propane purchases at very advantage of prices.  So there are things we are doing both on the volume side and pricing side to get the maximum value out of that advantage position we have with our propane crackers. 
Curt Espeland: I would say Kevin as I mentioned on our Investor Day the program that we put in place hedge substantially amount of our purchase of propane in ’15 and ’16. And I would not be expecting material change between those two. So it will be a tailwind but I am not going to try to quantify that at this point. 
Curt Espeland: And just to add to that I mean clearly we're a bit of a black swan when it comes to oil even last October the propane forward market was just above a $1 a gallon, so no one really saw this coming and it's an extreme case. I think it is important to keep in mind that what our goal was, was to try and neutralize and frankly get olefins off the table obviously but that objective didn't sort of workout. But when you think about capital deployment -- how we’re growing our Company you need to step back and realize that while this is an important short-term issue and we're managing it as aggressively as we possibly can. Our strategy is to grow our company in specialty products, our capital deployment centered on organic investments, capital deployment in specialty products like Tritan, like Crystex and microfibers.  Our acquisition are centered on adding great portfolios of businesses that are durable under these kind of volatile scenarios and have great ways to grow with nice macro trends. So the things that we're controlling, that we're investing in and that give long-term growth are all sort of moving in that direction and reducing the amount of olefins is part of our portfolio. We intentionally choose a strategy not to be investing against the spread of oil versus Shell gas in large investments. Obviously, we're not happy about this hedge but the hedge also rolls off over the next couple of years.  And even if you look at it on a short-term basis more like '15 to '16 I don't expect it to be a headwind in '16 unless we think oil is going to further drop from here and I think most people have of the view that it's stable to up and then we're backing to growing earnings 8% to 12% in '16 or '15 per our strategy. When you sort of think about this whole oil scenario is really just a '15 type issue for us. 
