Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Ebony. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jake LaRoe, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2019 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2018, the Form 10-Q for first quarter 2019 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items and interim period earnings using adjusted forecasted tax rate. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the second quarter 2019 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core, unusual or non-recurring items With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory Riddle: Thank you, Mark. There a lot of people on the line as usual this morning. And we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ebony, we are ready for questions.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. This call will be available on replay on our website this afternoon. We hope you have a great day.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Curt. On slide 10, I'll provide an update on our 2019 outlook. In the first half of the year, we've been challenged by a weak macroeconomic environment which began in the fourth quarter of 2018. We believe it's primarily caused by global trade tensions, including the US and China trades dispute. Dispute was escalated in May and there are no signs of when it will be resolved. The impact has been significant destocking across supply chains as well as reduced demand and we've seen this most prominently in China and Europe. In particular, we have seen a meaningful impact on consumer discretionary markets like autos and consumer durables, especially in China and Europe. We've also seen challenges in ag and animal nutrition end markets with weather and the swine flu in China.  This is all much different than what we had expected in our last call in April. And I would add, this dynamic environment has made order patterns more volatile and the outlook for global demand more opaque. And we expect the lower volume will continue to negatively impact fixed cost leverage in back half of the year.  With that said, we're taking actions on what we can control to offset the impact of this environment. We continue to make significant progress driving growth in our new business revenue closes from innovation as we leverage our innovation-driven growth model. You're seeing how this works with the first half results of Advance Materials and our expectations for the year in this business, which reflect a strong contribution for new business revenue closes from motivation to offset weakness in key end markets like autos. And I'm confident you'll see accelerating new business revenue growth in AFP that will add to their resiliency as we scale up their innovations in the future.  In addition, we're aggressively managing costs in this business environment by taking out $120 million of cost to deliver a net $40 million reduction in costs. Finally, we're expecting lower-cost raw materials to flow through into our results in the second half, improving spreads over last year in the specialty businesses. As we think about Q3, we have an unusually high shutdown schedule, the potential for a limited amount of additional destocking and we can all recognize the exceptionally uncertain environment we live in today. So, expect Q3 will be similar to Q2 in EPS and you will not see the normal drop in Q4.  When I put this all together, we expect our full-year adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.50 to $8 a share. And this includes a headwind of about $0.50 a share from currency and pension. On cash, we expect our free cash flow to approach $1.1 billion as we take actions to generate cash in this environment. Given the challenges we're facing, I view these as solid results and, again, a testament to the resiliency of our business model and the execution of our team. It's this robustness that gives me confidence in our future. Despite the exceptionally challenging environment, we're well-positioned for long-term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation from our owners and all of our stakeholders. Our results demonstrate that our innovation-driven growth model is delivering as we create our own growth through innovation and leadership in specialty markets. We continue to win with customers every day. An as I saw on my travels around the world recently, we have unparalleled engagement levels with our customers to innovate, a hallmark of what differentiates us. Our focus on what we can control is working as we continue to reduce our costs to accelerate topline growth to the bottom line. And most important, we have the dedication and drive of people of Eastman who rise to the challenge every day and prove that they want to win no matter what the headwinds are. [indiscernible] and the reason we're winning with so many customers today. In the end, it's our collective determination in the face of challenges that make me so confident in our future. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Mark Costa: So, first of all, I think it's a little hard to predict 2020 at this point. But to answer your question, the challenges that we have predominantly this year, fourth quarter last year as well as this year, are a volume mix based story. And it's important to emphasize the mix part of this too because a lot of the consumer discretionary markets that we sell to are very high value additives. So, if the trade war gets resolved or stimulus in China works despite a neutral trade situation that starts getting the business confidence and China confidence back up that drives China growth back into gear, which also will improve European economy as well in a substantial way, you would get a snapback. You'll get not just volume recovery in primary demand, but restocking associated with people going back to more normal inventory levels compared to where they are now, which is exceptionally low. And it's a mirror image. The earnings on the volume mix side come back the same way they have dropped this year. So, you would get a very good recovery on that front, on the volume mix side. We, obviously, have taken costs out, and so you get the fixed cost leverage that comes with that as well as you go into next year. On spreads, though, I would assume spreads stay relatively neutral because, in a recovering economy, raws will go up and we'll increase prices to keep up with raws like we did last year. So, it will still be a volume mix story just on the other side.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I would just add on that, on Curt's comment on the 2020. Not only do you get the earnings back when the demand recovers and the cash comes with it, you also pull inventory down in that environment. So, it can be quite strong.
Mark Costa: The outlook was for the first half to be challenged on volume relative to the second half. So, that was our outlook. This is playing out as we expected. It's really about timing of orders in two fronts, Jeff. So, on the customer buying patterns of the big multinationals, 2018 first half was just exceptionally high relative to second half of last year. There just tends to be chunkiness in how they order and that's what was the pattern last year. Amnd then, on top of that, you had some trade-related issues as well that drove some prebuy in Q2, not in China, but in some other countries worried about trade that pre-bought around trade uncertainty. And then, you had, of course, good orders in China in the first half of the year for tow imports that dropped pretty significantly as we went into the second half. So, it's all a timing issue. So, what you'll see is we had these two – the first half drop and then the second half will be some improvement over last year.
Mark Costa: I was guessing that question might come this morning. No, I'm not concerned about this specialty nature of this business. Let's just start off with the fact that, in Q2, which was, obviously, a challenging quarter for us, we had 25% EBITDA margins, which I think demonstrate very high-quality earnings. But much more importantly, you've got to decompose into its components to really understand what's going on. So, first of all, the price side of the equation, which I think is the bigger test than the volume question, around the specialty nature of business, I think we're actually doing quite well on managing price here. So, when you look at a price decline of 3%, half of that, as we told you, is cost pass-through contracts, predominantly in care chemicals and a few other products. So, the spreads are absolutely stable and we're driving good volume growth in those product areas. But there is so much volatility on the raws on those those specific products. We neutralize that volatility with the CPG. The other half is competitive pressure. So, we're talking about a 1.5% decline here year-over-year due to some competitive factors. And in that, there is really sort of three stories, but the underlying story is the same at a high level in all three. So, you've got some pressure. And insoluble sulfur in tires, you have some pressure in adhesive resins and a few animal nutrition products. And if you look at the last decade, we've always had tremendous growth in China leading the world in growth. And as you look at these product areas, we're running out of capacity in all of them because demand was so strong globally that we added capacity to serve growth in these areas and our competitors did too. So, you certainly have this capacity being added in the last year to support growth as the markets were tight. At the same time, for the first time in the last decade, we've had a big drop in demand in China. So, you have a competitive situation. But the good news about all three of those things is there's strong underlying growth. There's a long-term belief that China is going to grow as a market beyond what's going on here in the short term. And importantly, and key to our strategy, unlike our competitors in these specific areas, is that we have innovation strategies to extend and add more differentiation and growth to these businesses.  So, in all three, we've launched a new Crystex Cure Pro product that demonstrates far superior mixing efficiency to our competitors. Product trials going on everywhere, getting orders, but it's early. Same thing in adhesives. Very strong underlying market growth in hygiene and other products that will absorb the capacity over time, [indiscernible] packaging, tapes, labels right now, creating some demand space. But, more importantly, we're adding a new no odor, no volatile organic product that is a significant differentiator. There's very high demand. It'll be online by the end of this year. Same thing on animal nutrition. We're moving from just selling to organic acids into formulated products and have tremendous growth there. So, well, the timing is not great. If this had happened – this trade war had happened two years from now into the future, it would look more like AM. These products would all be in market, having a lot more traction, helping offset some of the underlying demand problem. So, net, spreads are flat. We don't have spread compression in this segment. But some of the raw material tailwind has been offset by some of these prices. The key here is the volume mix story. And as Curt mentioned, the volume parts, the unit volumes that are coming off, principally because of demand, and then you've got the mix story with cellulosic additives and few other high margin additives. So, it's a volume mix story. So, negative fixed cost leverage that comes with that. And that's the entirety of the margin percent story. So, we don't think this is commoditizing.
Mark Costa: So, on the demand side, this actually predates the Trump initiated China-US trade dispute. There was a number of anti-dumping duties put in place by Europe and the US on truck tires that dramatically constrained where the Chinese tire producers could sell their products, backing up a lot of that production into China. Helped the multinationals and we've benefited from that in North America and Europe. But, obviously, China is a huge tire production market and that got very competitive when those companies didn't have any market access. And the market has been growing really fast. So, not only did tire companies add a lot of capacity to support this growth that they were expecting that did not materialize, we have some competitors who are also adding capacity to sort of serve that growth. So, that really is the story on the demand side. And, overall, market is obviously down. The truck tire market is off with lower commercial activity, the OEM production market is off. But it's important remember that 75% of tires are replacement as opposed to new production. But it's still connected to commercial activity. And we're highly levered to commercial activity. And our product that we sell, our largest product, insoluble sulfur, so when that comes off, you're going to feel that demand hit. On the price side, I think prices have come off due to the competitive dynamics we've described. It appears to stabilize in the second quarter. From what we can see, demand is going to improve as we work through this destocking as we go into the back half of the year.
Mark Costa: Well, I can't speak to the industry. I would say what you have across many of our businesses, whether it's amines or others, we've kind of got our production planning for an improvement for the second half of the year versus the first. And so, now, we're just adjusting operating rates where some areas weren't as strong including amines, where you didn't have that seasonal improvement in demand as much as we had hoped given the weather. But we're managing our inventory and operations as we adjust to demand as we do across all our portfolio.
Mark Costa: Yeah. It first starts with why is Q3 so different. And then I think it's easier to talk about Q4. So, in Q3, we do expect improvement to be sequentially strong from Q2 to Q3, but it's been offset due to the higher shutdown schedule. Normally, high shutdowns in Q2 and Q4. This year is just different where we have a large cracker that we're taking down and a bunch of other shutdowns that we're doing in Q3. So, you've got this headwind from Q2 to Q3. And on a year-over-year basis, as Curt noted, about $30 million difference versus last year in Q3 due to that shutdown schedule. Now, we're taking overall costs down just to be clear. It's a timing issue about when costs show up and you have these period of costs with the shutdown in Q3. So, as you go to Q4, you would normally have this headwind. It was roughly $30 million last year from Q3 to Q4 that knocks earnings down sequentially Q3 to Q4. You're not going to have that this year, so that's part of the explanation. You don't have that headwind. Second, Q4, I think is not going to be your typical Q4. You've got innovation, market development that's continuing to drive growth and create growth, which is great, that will help have volume be better. You have companies that are already destocked to some degree. There still be volume lower in Q4 versus Q3 due to seasonal patterns, but probably not as much destocking as normal. You've got costs flowing through on raw materials. And because volume hasn't been as strong, taking longer for that to flow through, but it will certainly start showing up in Q4 as we look at it, as well as the manufacturing cost reductions flowing through. And we're a LIFO accounting shop, to keep in mind. So, you had all these dynamics playing on that allowed Q4 to be quite good. And if you're comparing it specifically to last year, you've got to remember that, last year, it was a really easy comp. It was extremely – not only did you have the $30 million headwind and shutdowns from Q3 to Q4 last year, you had dramatic reduction in plant rates to adjust to the destocking and volume drops last year and high cost raws flowing through last year versus this year of low cost raws flowing through. So, all that combines together to give us confidence about how we're guiding.
Mark Costa: I just want to add. Mix is an incredibly powerful tool in the center and heart of our strategy. So, as we're growing high margin products through innovation, above segment and company average in AM and AFP, you just get a powerful lift in your margin. And you see that in how AM recovered from Q1 to Q2 and how it's going to deliver earnings growth for the full year. But, unfortunately, if you have a demand contraction like AFP has right now, you're going to feel that mix hit. And, really, in Q2, it was really substantial. The cellulose additives that we sell and a few of these other additives that go into automotive market are very high value, and so we really felt that mix hit to this year and last year – Curt mentioned there was a tough comp. Last year wasn't just demand that was good. We also had some prebuys associated with sort of trade fear in China and some restocking with the coal gas event in Q2. So, it was really tough comp for that specific area inside AFP versus last year.
Mark Costa: So, I think 2019 is the year where things are bottoming out. It's really hard to call the quarter on it, but prices have stabilized. The demand situation is great in hygiene, which continues to drive growth and absorb capacity. But a few of the other markets that are more packaging, tapes, labels, things like that, is obviously more caught up in the macro environment and demand is off, which will obviously, I think, stabilize and get better as we move forward. So, I think it's playing out this year. When it comes to the innovation products, there are two sets of innovation products. Directly in resins, we have this low volatile product that has been verified by our customers to be the best in the market. We're getting all the trials going on now. Pl;ants being modified to be able to make it. The good news is it's just a modification of existing asset. We don't have to build a new plant. So, we'll be online selling that product next year and that will really help. We also have great success in polyolefin. So, we make some amorphous polyolefins for this market, having great growth. Not a new area for us that we haven't been in and we're really getting a lot of adoption on some new products there that dramatically improve the hot-melt adhesives for hygiene and some other applications. So, several avenues of growth to stabilize and grow that business while we work through this new capacity in the market.
Mark Costa: So, the example I think would be adhesives where you see some of that capacity in Asia getting placed in Europe that was intended to support growth in China. So, that would be an example. Animal nutrition will be the other example where you have a bunch of capacity that was added in China to serve animal nutrition. And then, with the swine population being decimated in China, people are looking for another home for that. None of these actually create long-term concern for us, PJ, because obviously the Chinese have to eat, and so they're going to grow more pigs and absorb that capacity again. And same thing is true about hygiene growth and everything else. Adhesives, as that demand recovers, it'll start absorbing it back into China. Now, that applies to the rest of the story. We've just never been through – the industry has never been through a story where China is the problem. They've been the source of growth to absorb capacity being added in Asia as well as other markets, and now they're not, so that just creates a different dynamic.
Mark Costa: Sure, Frank. Yes, it's obviously been a pretty dynamic time and predicting demand and orders has been tricky for a while now. In the second quarter, we were on track up through the first week of June with demand, the trends that we saw that we thought were in the range that we gave you in April. And then, in the last two weeks of June, we just saw a dramatic slowdown relative to what should have been a normal order pattern in June leading up to the G20 meeting. So, from what I can figure out, people got very nervous about what's going to happen in that meeting and they all decided to start managing inventory down and reducing their orders given that risk. And we actually saw the exact same thing in the last two weeks of February, headed up to the March 1 deadline when people were worried about the US tariff. So, I think there is this sort of push pull kind of thing around economic uncertainty that's driving some behavior. And so, that was part of it. There's no question that we saw – there was more risk on the table after the May escalation in the trade war. And that risk, as you got through G20, got confirmed that there was no end in sight about this trade war, and now at a higher level of tariffs and more disagreement than less, certainly from where we saw the world in April on how this was going to get settled. So, as you as you look to that, we had to step back and revise our macroeconomic assumptions. I think everyone in April thought, and through the beginning of May at least, that the economy was going to get better in the back half of the year, trade war was going to sort of settle, certainly not escalate. And now we're in just a very different world. I don't think that's true and I think many of our peers and other people and the macro data support that. There's not a lot of signs of economic recovery coming in the second half. So, we had to revise our assumption down on that.  And it's not just about China. When you think about that, Europe is highly dependent on trade to China and there's other factors, obviously, going on in Europe. So, that economy has slowed down. That's led to a lot of destocking and expectation of lower demand, automotive and other consumer discretionary markets taking the primary hit as people are cautious.  Reality is, if you look at the last three quarters, you can say we're in an industrial recession now. Industrial production is down. Even in AFP, as I look at the demand story there, third of it's mix and the other part being unit volume. We're not really losing much share. Maybe 1% of that 8% is about share loss in these competitive stories I was just telling. Demand is down even in AFP. If you look at all of our peers who are industrial exposed, we're in a negative demand situation. So, that's the kind of environment we now have to adjust to. We thought it would stabilize and get better and we've revised our assumption.  Now, obviously, if the economy gets better, so will our results, but that's what we're operating under and then you've got some additional things like this ag and animal nutrition story as well. So, that's really sort of what drove our reduction, combined with spreads being a little more challenged in CI than we had expected that we'd expect to sort of continue at this level going forward. We don't think it will get worse, but we don't see why it would get better.
Mark Costa: Sure. So, as you know, since 2014 and now, there's been a dramatic drop in the amount of imports into China. And we do have a JV in China. It's running full and making good profits, to the story of the demand you're talking about. But total imports into China now are just incredibly low in total compared to where we were. So, the growth that you're talking about is being served by plants owned by CNTC in China. And then on top of it was the trade war. We're not seeing that benefit in the last three quarters because the CNTC chose not to buy from plants in the US. Now, we'll get some of that demand back and benefit from some of the story you're talking about as we get the Korea plant qualified into the back half of this year, but that's really sort of the difference.
Mark Costa: Yes. Our current guidance assumes, as Curt indicated, that there's going to be some modest improvement in demand, principally because destocking is not occurring anymore as a way specialties can grow. Obviously, we'll not be selling a bunch of chemical intermediate products that we're just not producing because of the large shutdown. And that's the corporate volume down to being more modest. So, that's embedded in our guidance and what we expect. And that's really by far the largest driver in the change of our guidance from April to now, is this revision on a volume mix expectation going forward combined with bit lower spreads in CI and this currency headwind.  I would also note that, you're probably not going to get quite as much raw material tailwind out of AFP, but that's a minor part of the story relative to the volume mix part of it. And that's the change in our outlook. Something I'd emphasize on this and why I'm very confident about us moving forward is we just need the economy to get a bit better and confidence return where people get to normal inventory – want to go back to normal inventory levels and we can get a strong recovery in earnings at some point, back to comments I made earlier. And that's I think a compelling position to be in why we manage costs very aggressively. Chemical Intermediates – that's in the specialties. In Chemical Intermediates, you have to get markets to get really tight again for those spreads to come back because not only is demand off, but supply has been out in a lot of those kind of products. So, I feel really good about how specialty is going to recover. And I feel good about that 70% of our earnings where Chemical Intermediates has now been reduced to a much smaller percentage of our portfolio. And I'm also proud of the actions we've taken to mitigate some of that volatility with the RGP investment. So, I even think Chemical Intermediates is performing relatively well to the market and how we both kept price reductions at a minimal level given our North American position, our great team execution, as well as investments like RGP to reduce volatility. 
Mark Costa: If I think about the Advanced Material segment, specifically specialty plastics, I think of their inventory turns probably in that of five to six-month range. So, the inventory turns are long just because of the supply chain that we have there. Maybe four to six months is how I'd characterize the inventory turn and how long it takes for that lower paraxylene to show itself.
Mark Costa: Yeah, architectural is about half of the inner layer business inside Advanced Materials and it's been great. It's primarily commercial buildings, predominantly in Europe where the code drive's use of laminated glass, and it's just been delivering strong growth last year and this year with the amount of commercial building activity there. And we have a lot of good premium products as well.
Mark Costa: So, a couple of things. One again, what you already mentioned, the flow through of lower raw materials. Also, keep in mind, the fourth quarter last year was a pretty down year for that segment just because of the amount of destocking that occurred in the fourth quarter. And so, that to me is a big factor as well. And then, the cost reduction activities will benefit that business like, well, the rest of the segments.
Mark Costa: Yes. In general, what I'd say is people have taken a very tight inventory strategy for the last three quarters. They've been working things down pretty aggressively, given the level of uncertainty that we face. And there's a limit. Once you get inventories really low, you can't go any further than that unless there's a fundamental step down in demand. So, I think we have customers already living sort of at very short order patterns and very tight inventory management. To your first question, Laurence, on extended shutdowns, that would be potential risk to our forecast if there was very significant shutdown of the auto industry. That's not in our current forecast. 
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Vince. What you see right now is our free cash flow has been kind of running similar to last year. And again, we've got a lot of talented people helping us manage cash flow across the company. What I'd say is, on the working capital side, we'll be aggressive. Normally, we'd see working capital relief second half of the year. In addition, you're getting some benefit to the flow-through of low raw material value. So, that's helping. And then, we are taking some additional steps to address our working capital across different fronts, multiple fronts, quite honestly. And so, yes, I would expect that to improve some of our working capital statistics. And I would say that's not an improvement this year. I think it's a multiyear effort as well that will help contribute to, again, a wonderful free cash flow story with our business. Which, following up on Mark's other question, we'd also expect our free cash flow to improve in that kind of environment as well. And so, I love the free cash flow of this company that reflects the quality of our businesses. And that free cash flow is coming to you [indiscernible] at a free cash flow yield approaching 10%.
Curt Espeland: Sure, Jeff. The principal driver of the drop in revenue in the US is pricing in Chemical Intermediates. You have to remember that, unlike many other companies out there, the predominance of our Chemical Intermediates business is located in North America. And so, the vast majority of the revenue and the price decline is reflected there. The good news is we also don't face the – much more competitive dynamics in Asia or Europe for those kind of products where the prices are even much lower than where we are today. So, that's part of the story. And then, demand just a bit off with some destocking and careful behavior, as well as things like the wet weather in ag that's driven that revenue down with the planting season being curtailed.
Curt Espeland: Yeah. What I'd say, just in general, on shutdown costs as a whole, they're only modestly higher year-over-year, but the trend of the shutdown costs are different. Over the last couple of years, we've had the higher shutdown costs in second quarter and fourth quarter. This year, it's more going to be in third quarter and fourth quarter. So, that sequential year-over-year impact on third quarter is going to be just over $30 million higher shutdown costs third quarter of this year compared to third quarter of last year. Now, what that means is you won't have – last couple of years, you had had more headwind from third quarter going into fourth quarter, but this year the shutdown costs will be roughly the same third quarter and fourth quarter.
Curt Espeland: So, as we look at our cost structure, obviously, we saw some uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment back in April and we took additional actions to cut costs. $40 million is on top of the $80 million to offset inflation is a pretty aggressive program. We don't think there's another step of additional costs that we're going to take in this current economic environment. That's substantial. We're obviously going to manage costs aggressively wherever we can. But we have a tremendous amount of growth we have in innovation. We have tremendous engagement in customers that we have to serve. We have to maintain and run our plants reliably in this environment. And I think we're getting to that point. And we're one of the lowest cost investigative [ph] R&D as a percentage of sales in the industry for the kind of innovation we are doing. We're in the bottom quartile. So, I think we've always run our company very efficiently. Now, obviously, if we go into a bigger, more significant drop in demand due to a global recession kind of environment, we will have additional actions we can take in cutting costs because we have a good amount of variable cost in our large integrated plants and how we run them over time and contractors.
Curt Espeland: And if I could just add, the sequential impact of those shutdown impacts, second quarter to third is roughly $20 million compared to that $30 million year-over-year period [indiscernible].
Curt Espeland: Well, you can see, at our Innovation Day, we talked about a growing EBITDA margin. We're probably a couple percentage points below that. Part of that's going to be that volume mix because we're not getting all these specialty business sales that we premised back [ph] at our Innovation Day. And that's just because of the macroeconomic environment. So, I still believe we can get back to those margins that we talked about at our Innovation Day across our portfolio. Part of that is again getting those specialty sales back to where we think they're going to be, and that was to one of the earlier comments today, getting back to what a more robust economy would support. And on top of it is the fixed cost leverage you get across the portfolio because, with Mark, we've added some areas of new capacity. We have room to grow into those and then just – we have an environment where it's kind of sluggish. But once we get back on track in those specialty areas, you're going to love the fixed cost leverage we're going to get in both Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products.
Curt Espeland: Yeah. Thanks for the question. No, we're excited about again the bolt-ons we've completed so far this year. Good businesses. Great people. Nice synergies. All the things we look for in acquisitions. We continue to have an active pipeline. I won't say our activity is increasing because multiple is coming down because we've always been a disciplined party. Maybe it's a contributing factor. We're able to get deals done more. But the businesses we've been talking to have had reasonable valuation expectations. And so, to the extent the market is more conducive to reasonable multiples, we'll continue to increase our activity. When I think about the rest of this year, just to kind of level set that, we're continuing to be active. I've mentioned some amount of acquisitions we can do, roughly $100 million this year. It's possible. But, right now, we have nothing imminent in our portfolio on acquisitions, but we're still actively working our pipeline and we'll continue to be disciplined as you've seen over the years with our acquisition strategy.
Curt Espeland: As we know, capital allocation is dedicated and committed to a lot of different areas. One of those is also debt repaydown, that $215 million to $300 million level. Share repurchases will be pretty disciplined. The only thing that could adjust it, if we do an acquisition, that will come out of that share repurchase bucket. So, you can do the math off that, Frank. We typically do a pretty average – dollar average growth throughout the year.
Curt Espeland: It's in our control to some degree which is – no question, innovation is driving a lot of growth, especially in AM. As I mentioned, the innovation platforms are really exciting in AFP, but just at an earlier stage and that's why you see the difference between AM and AFP on sort of the demand story. But we'll get there over the next couple years. And we are assuming destocking is playing its way out. I think it's a key macroeconomic assumption we're making. We're assuming some residual destock in Q3, but that is a key assumption about why demand gets better in the second half versus the first half.
Curt Espeland: I think that would be a good way. The only thing I'd add on top of this, don't forget we're a LIFO shop. But, yeah, I would take that kind of time period to see this kind of paraxyle flow through. And as the business does a nice job getting pricing relative to its performance characteristics, and so that should help the margins of this business second half of this year and definitely going into next year.
Curt Espeland: When I look at it, demand in July is holding up quite well across the company on the order books. We're seeing good growth and, I should say, stability relative to June and July. I've also learned my lesson at this point not to predict demand for the quarter based on order books in any one month because there's just too much volatility out there. But what I'd say overall is orders are holding up well.
Curt Espeland: The other key is, there's a lot of destocking in the first half of this year that's not remotely normal. We believe it's played itself out as we go into the back half. And, obviously, that creates the distortion first half, back half.
