Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thank you, Tiffany, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2012 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Form 10-Q, for the third quarter 2012 and our Form 10-K to be filed for 2012. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude mark-to-market pension and OPEB losses and gains, Solutia acquisition-related costs and asset impairments and restructuring charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our fourth quarter full-year financial results news release, which can be found in the Investors section of our website, eastman.com. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia had been completed prior to first quarter 2011 that compare post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our fourth quarter and full-year financial results news release. Lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks, Curt. Tiffany, this concludes our prepared remarks and we are now ready for questions.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. this morning. Thanks for your interest in Eastman. Have a great day.
James P. Rogers: Sure, Duffy, and it's one of those things where, as we move to more of a specialty, I would have thought we'd be spending less and less time on this. On the other hand, I must admit, I'm enjoying the exposure we have at this time because you're right. Fourth quarter, we got helped with propane, particularly, staying down and then this quarter, it looks like we're going to get helped with the other end of the spread, with propylene moving up. And by the way, we're just in January. So I try not to get too carried away about what the spread's going to do this year. One of the key places you see it is in our solvents business, the propylene that shows up in the functional products, the Additives & Functional Products segment. I guess, as I look at it, there's a range. The other place would be in our intermediates business. But as I look at it, it's a range of how far downstream you are, how much transparency the customers have. Certainly, I think we're much better at pricing and moving things along quickly. It'll depend again by how much it's specialty, how much it's commodity, but we'll definitely see the effects of this move in propylene in those 2 segments in the first quarter. And some will then flow over into the second quarter because of the lag. But it's hard to break out, just do -- would you average in 1 month, 2 months, 3 months. In the past, it's been as long as 3 months. I think we're much faster than that now.
James P. Rogers: No, I mean, we try and be judicious. We -- one of the main drivers was the whole regulatory environment, not only what we're facing with Boiler MACT and something called BART, but just trying to look down the road a few years as to where do we think this country is going. In the past, we've always looked at it, and coal was always so advantaged that you just swallowed hard and paid all the regulatory changes you had to make, paid for all those changes. Now with the outlook for natural gas and as compared to Central Appalachian coal, it's really a push on the economics. So then you go to the capital cost, and Curt gave it to you, $90 million compared to something that was probably a couple of hundred million north of that for getting coal in compliance. So you knew you were going to do something. Then the issue is how much do you do. This amount allows us to avoid that capital, meets all our regulatory requirements and then some. Plus, frankly, we tend to like the idea of being -- for our energy needs here at our major site, half gas, half coal. We think that kind of plays to what we talk about so many other places, in terms of being diversified and trying to smooth out earnings. So net-net, a good result. It's a shame, in a way, we had to eat, I think, $17 million, but we couldn't just sit on our hands earlier. We had to get going on the engineering to be in compliance to meet the timeline. And then, of course, the world for shale gas just moved, gas prices moved, and we got a much better alternative so we had to scrap the plans to change our boilers over.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's -- we've been talking about that. That one, I think I can count on for some time to come is the switch on the plasticizer side. Realize, too, that we got a couple of competitors out there. We didn't put it in our prepared remarks, but SK came on with some copoly volume this past year. Kalama came on with some volume in the benzoate plasticizer arena, and so we're trying to be smart about how we make pricing volume choices this past year to preserve as much shareholder value as they go to fill up some of those expansions. But, for example, I think Specialty Plastics business, which we don't break out anymore, but they came under some pressure this year because of what I just said about SK, and they wanted to work down some inventories at year end. I expect that Specialty Plastics business to have -- get back to setting a record in 2013 again for earnings so -- and that will demand some volume growth, so things like Tritan will have to continue to grow, which it will.
James P. Rogers: It was due to the fact that I didn't think you guys would let me stay where we were. I mean, I'm only 1 month into the year. So I got to tell you, we felt a little sheepish, having just stood in front of all of you in December, and then we come out 6 weeks later or whatever, and we said, "Hey, we're probably going to do a little better than we told you." But yes, that was the major change I could point to is just propylene moving up, and we're going to get it in price. I mean, we deserve it and that's what's going to happen and so...
James P. Rogers: That's true and -- but a lot of times, people only want to add in the positives, and there's things going the other way. So I got benzene and paraxylene -- the same way propylene is really good, not as big an impact, but benzene and paraxylene hurting us. So we try to pull it all together, and give you our best thoughts just like we did back in December on how we're going to end the year.
James P. Rogers: Yes, we'll see. I mean, my top priority is in that business is the value preservation, the setting ourselves up nicely such that when Kuantan comes online and we have that lower cost, we're smart about our position in the marketplace because we're the big guy in the marketplace. And we'll have not only lower cost, but we're probably going to have some additional functionality with our product too, which will be another way of separating our products out from the also-ran guys. So when it comes to share, sometimes you're willing to make trade-offs to make sure you make the right pricing decisions. Long term, I feel like when this industry has to run hard, we'll probably pick up share during that time. So we'll just see. We need a little help though. We need a little help from the marketplace. We need a little more commercial activity, a little more truck tires being sold.
James P. Rogers: Yes, it's a good question. I don't know. I mean, you identify the business that has the steepest hill to climb over the next year, as well they should. I was pleased with where we got to on the contracting for the interlayers business, I think Mark Costa and his team did a great job there. They told me upfront it was probably a 2-year process to get back to where you want to be in terms of having the right mix with your customers in regions, et cetera. I do think the acoustic product's going to be a big help in terms of improving the mix, which helps your margins, maybe also get you the -- get you back on the volume growth side. Biggest factor is probably outside of my control, and that probably gets back to just general economic activity. So I don't want to try and pick out a quarter, but I like the direction we're going. As you look at that segment though, don't forget about the copoly business, the Specialty Plastics business, and like I said, they took it in the -- how do I want to say this, they took a P&L hit. They took a bit of a P&L hit last year, purposely working down inventories, the right thing to do. The inventories had gotten a little high, and they did a lot of that in the fourth quarter. That can be a pretty powerful contributor as that business comes back strong this year.
James P. Rogers: Yes, and you're picking propane, but I guess you mean propane ethane in general or do -- are you really...
James P. Rogers: Well, we're probably not going to give you the exact number. I can tell you it was significant, and what we say in our statements, Curt, is we try and cap it out for people...
James P. Rogers: Yes, so I'll make a couple of comments. Greg may want to chime in, too, because he's sitting over here, looking at me like he's got a better answer than I do. But I mean, like I said on the last question, I mean, they got a steep hill to climb. They're very confident, by the way, though. I mean, when you look at the EBITDA percentage that they have to grow, it's nowhere near the same. Because they got a pretty big installed base and they got capacity they can fill out that we've added. And so you ought to see a faster ramp-up as they fill up something like the CTA line, et cetera, the interlayer capacity we had. And it's also a place where, in particular, the interlayers, where Europe has held them down below what I would say is a normal -- kind of normally how that business should look. So partly, you're looking for Europe to come back out of the doldrums and partly, you're looking to fill up capacity you've already built, and so they should be levered to faster growth in the EBIT line than perhaps some of the other businesses.
James P. Rogers: Well, others have clearly exited. So it's a logical question. I wouldn't necessarily use the word core, but it sure helps us run our stream better. I mean, so could we move from yarn to just tow? Yes, we could. But right now, the economics are in favor of us staying in the yarn market. I mean, it's a positive cash contributor even -- in fact, it's never been a negative cash. It's always been positive cash and absorbs cost, helps us run the lines full, and even when the EFO on that business is negative. The other thing I'd say is it's really just not that big anymore. So if I was sitting outside the company, I wouldn't spend a lot of time on yarn. We feel compelled to talk about it because it can move things at the margins but, of course, the big horse is the tow and then the acetyl intermediates, the flake that we sell.
James P. Rogers: Yes. Yes, and I'll only give you, oh, so much color other than to say I'm pleased, which hopefully, that carries some weight. It is, I realize, a 2-year process. I would say we've done a better job than has been done in the past of segmenting out the really key customers, the ones that are important to us, working with them, where do they see value added, where should be thinking multi-year, how should we be thinking about pricing structure with those customers, and I can tell you I'm pleased. I mean, Mark Costa has been personally involved out there with some of this, and we're building relationships quickly. We're approaching it differently perhaps than they did in the past in terms of not just working with the purchasing department, but really wanting to be in there with technology and the whole gestalt, if I could, so -- and we try and make smart trade-offs between volume and price, and you don't chase volume in Asia just because you want to say you're growing in Asia. You take volume in Asia when you can make money there. And we respect all our customers, all regions of the world, but we know where our bread is buttered. And that's what this past contracting strategy reflects, and that's true for -- I guess, I mainly had Saflex in mind once I was talking, but Crystex would be something similar.
James P. Rogers: No. There is strength in the markets that picked up in the fourth quarter. And of course, we got an operation in Singapore, and that's been doing better. That had one of its better fourth quarters in some time the way I remember it. So there's definitely strength in that market, as well as you have the wind of -- tailwind this time of what's going on with propylene.
James P. Rogers: No, I think you'd have to say it's picked up. I mean, I don't have January results. What I've got so far, as I've looked at kind of how the year's kicking off with volumes. And one, there's pretty much an uptick everywhere, except maybe the adhesives business; but two, I'd say Asia is definitely picking up.
James P. Rogers: Both, but more the latter. This is where we talk about the solvents, as well as some of the old pieces of CASPI, some of the additives from CASPI, and it's quite, quite strong right now. You know our North American presence is good, and what you're going to see more of, not just us, you're going to see more of is with this -- with what's going on with natural gas in this country, you're going to see products being globally competitive that in the past logistics might have held you back, and now you're going to be shipping some of the stuff around the world.
James P. Rogers: I guess I would say more holding their own, holding steady is probably the best way to think about that.
James P. Rogers: Yes, hard to do because what we're talking to people about is that you wouldn't just the run the cracker and then sell the output. You would probably -- I think I had it in my prepared remarks, you can probably put something additional on our site and take it to a derivative. But look at it this way, we're running now on 3 crackers. Cracker 4 is the larger of the 2. This would be equivalent to 1 of the 2 smaller crackers. I don't know, we can --- you can probably back into the volume impact of a cracker.
James P. Rogers: And I'll take your guarantee that they're going to stay strong the rest of the year. I really appreciate that.
James P. Rogers: I thought about that, and then what I've been told is our prepared remarks already go long to the point that you guys don't always get all your questions in. So honestly, if I was going to do it today, I would have done it on the integration team. So I'll do a 3-second: Integration team doing an excellent job, by Curt and Mark, and seriously, I am pleased with that. That is just going about as good as you could expect.
James P. Rogers: Yes, honestly, I haven't thought a whole lot about that one lately because, as you know, when we divvied up the businesses, I gave that one to Curt. So Curt, what's your...
James P. Rogers: I would say, I review pricing every month, and I would say this is in most areas one of the better pricing environments finally than we've seen in a while. So part of that is just thinking about the things that are propylene-based. Part of it is some areas that are tight such that customers are more concerned about making sure they have surety of supply than they are the last penny. Anything doing with packaging is still tough so some of the adhesives. Parts of the adhesives is still tough. Other parts, the hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins, still a tight market. So if I had to make a general comment, it wouldn't be so much regionally. Europe would probably be the toughest region, and I would guess packaging would be the end market that would be the toughest.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Jim, if I could add also, we're probably showing a little bit more decline in the corporate other spending because of the Perennial Wood adjustment than we were probably thinking back in December.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, David, if you look at that $126 million of other corporate costs, which, as you know, is corporate R&D, programs, et cetera, Perennial Wood is roughly $50 million of that number.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, if you look at just briefly on SAP, they had -- part of their shop was on SAP so we're migrating that over. That would be in Advanced Interlayers. Another part of their portfolio, which are the Tech Specialties was -- Solutia was even under a path of getting ready to convert that over to SAP, and that is one we will continue. Those are the 2 big horses we convert in 2013.
Curtis E. Espeland: We have. Well, let me just make sure we break it -- if you think about our total ethylene that we produce, about half of which we consume and put down into our derivatives, that remaining half is what we call bulk ethylene, and about 50% of that, we have locked in at 2012 spreads.
Curtis E. Espeland: For that -- well, a couple of comments, first of all, they've been -- they were great in December and early January, they've pulled back a little bit since. But yes, the comment's going to be, of that 50% of bulk ethylene sales, we've locked it in, and we won't see the upside or the downside [indiscernible].
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, what I mean by that is just simply with some of the dilution that occurred in the fourth quarter, probably expect some additional dilution the start of the year, the timing is such that our buyback, as you've heard me talk before, is I got to make a little more progress on the deleveraging before we start fully doing all those purchases. So it's just a matter of timing, and how the math works on the '13 calculation. But by the end of the year, we'll be there and then some.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, if I look at the synergies, the ballpark of $100 million off of their original revenue base is about 5% of revenues -- or 5% of revenue. So when we look at the project listing that this integration team is managing, there's different levels of probability. So when we talk about the 5% of revenue, the $100 million, we're highly confident in that number. As you go down the level of probability of success for the remainder, is it possible we can get to 6% of revenue? Yes. Is there a chance we can get to 7% of revenue? Possibly.
Curtis E. Espeland: Oh, you're talking about revenue synergy? I'm sorry, I thought he was percentage. The revenue side, I would say we're off to some good start on the commercial practices. I think we need a little more time on the longer-term aspects of the programs that we've talked about, the tires, et cetera. But if I look at commercial activities and practices, I think there's some real benefits we're already starting to see in our numbers and there's more to come.
Curtis E. Espeland: Right now, photovoltaics is a tough marketplace. We're continuing to evaluate some options, and we're still working through those options, but either way, it's not a material item to Eastman, but we're working through the strategic alternatives.
