Mark Costa: Thanks, Kurt. On slide 11, I'll discuss our 2018 outlook. For the first nine months of 2018, we delivered strong volume growth and mix improvement in our specialty segments, but were two times the growth in the underlying markets. We're continuing to benefit from innovation driven growth model. We're making great progress on new business revenue closures, which is up 20% through the first nine months and we expect to continue creating our own growth in the many applications across the company through innovation enabling us to grow faster than the underlying markets.  We’re also on track to offset inflation through productivity. And as I mentioned in my first slide, we returned $615 million to our stockholders through the first nine months, including accelerating our share repurchase program. Lastly, we have improved our effective tax rate. At the same time, while we focus on what we can control, we're managing a number of headwinds. We're seeing some pockets of destocking, but no evidence of a broader slowdown, with the exception of autos in China.  We've also seen higher raw material and energy prices, although these are volatile as we've seen over the last several days and we have some limited exposure to trade disputes, particularly in fibers. Taking all this together, we expect that the EPS growth will remain at the 10% to 14% range and will likely be towards the bottom of that range. And as Kurt mentioned, we have a path to deliver over $1.1 billion of free cash flow, which is one of the strongest in the industry and reflects our outstanding performance, especially in this inflationary environment. On slide 12, let me make a few comments about our expectations for 2019 and summarize where we are. As we look at 2019, we have a couple of high level assumptions. Economic growth is similar to ’18, raw material and energy prices are fairly stable and the US dollar does not strengthen meaningfully from the second half of 2018. In this context, we expect continued growth in volume and mix upgrade, which has been powerful for the last five years. In particular, we'll continue to create our own growth through our innovation driven growth model. We expect to benefit from the absence of significant operational headwinds, including unplanned vendor outages and higher than normal plant shutdowns. We also don't have another large step-up in growth cost next year. With our expected growth and fixed cost leverage, we will convert our variable margin to the bottom line much more effectively than this year, providing an attractive return on these investments, as we move forward. And we expect to benefit from our GP investment, lowering our merchant sales in ethylene relative to 2018. With more stable raw material prices, we will not be chasing raw materials with price increases through the year in the specialties. On a segment level, we expect to see sustainable earnings growth in the specialties due to the volume growth and fixed cost leverage, along with stability in fibers and CI, which is consistent with what we’ve shared with you at Innovation Day. And discipline allocation of our strong free cash also contributes to EPS growth. As a result, we expect EPS growth to be in the 8% to 12% long term range we communicated at Innovation Day. We'll talk more about our outlook for 2019 on our call in January when we have more insight into the macroeconomic conditions. Finally, let me summarize where we are and why I'm so confident about our future. As you think about our portfolio, we're showing progress in our goal of driving from 70% to 80% of our business in specialties, which is especially important in the face of uncertain macroeconomic trends. All this comes together for a terrific bottom line. We can grow faster than the underlying markets and sustain our margin through our unique innovation driven growth model. We also do this through the scale and integration, which gives us a competitive advantage in how we develop new products and bring them to market. And finally through disciplined portfolio management that leads you to one of the strongest free cash flows in the industry, a strong return on invested capital that is growing and compelling compounded EPS growth through 2020 and beyond. When we put it all together, we're well positioned for long term attractive earnings growth and sustainable value creation for our shareholders and all of our other stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it back to Greg.
Mark Costa: Hi, David. So, we're making great progress on that front already through the third and fourth quarter. AFP has had six consecutive quarters of price increases, making good progress on that and we expect that as we work through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, we should be in a good position to get our prices to catch up. I mean, the fourth quarter includes normal seasonality and destocking as we've mentioned. So, we'll get some of it then, but the remainder in the first quarter.
Mark Costa: Sure, Vince. So right now, it's always hard to know exactly what's going on, especially at the beginning of the fourth quarter. We certainly see some destocking in coatings and tires as you noted that is associated with the auto industry. We are anticipating that there's some potential de-stocking that could be driven by trade concerns in China about our customers’ ability to export back to the US, which would be more sort of specialty plastics, consumer durable oriented. But I’d tell you right now, orders are holding up relatively well in October across the specialties. So, outside of autos, where we can see some de-stocking, it's more about anticipation of these issues more than things we see at the moment.
Mark Costa: Well, Frank, I think that any fourth quarter is a tough one to predict. There's always a certain amount of seasonal decline due to normal de-stocking and demand trends. Obviously, we're in a much more volatile time right now when you see what everyone else is saying around the industry. I think our guidance is pretty good. It does include some anticipation. When you think about the fourth quarter, you've got a couple of factors. One is the de-stocking issue as we've identified and it's our best estimation.  You've also got raw materials, prices still chasing raw materials I'd say and AM, we feel good, we've implemented some price increases in October that have gone quite well to start catching up to PX. And so I think we're making really good progress there to get to where we need to be by the first quarter with where we think PX prices are going to sort of trend off. And in AFP, we’re still doing the same thing, which is managing our price relative to rise, with the exception of adhesives, where we have been talking about a known coming challenge for quite some time.  So when you put those two things together and you've got a bit of a tough comp as well, when you think about the fourth quarter, we have some higher shutdown costs, you have some of those solar fills that were really strong in the third quarter of AFP. It was also about a third of them were in the fourth quarter. So there's a lot of things we're trying to balance in that guidance. But we still feel it's a very good fourth quarter.
Mark Costa: So, there are two different sides of this story as we've discussed in the past. The -- first of all, we're very happy about advanced materials and the strong progress that’s having, delivering very strong growth, relative to the underlying markets across the whole business. So the top line has been great, the mix upgrade has been great. Within the third quarter, PX prices moved up pretty dramatically within the quarter and most of that's clearly pricing. So, you couldn’t really take action on that dynamic until you got to October 1, which we did and we've introduced a price increase that should cover most of that PX increase, as we work through the fourth quarter.  So if you look at our history on that side of things and all of our copolyester related products, I think we've actually managed price to rise fairly well. As we said in the last call, on the interlayers business, we have had an intentional strategy of sharing some of the scale up of our high end specialties, heads up display, and acoustics. As we ramp those products out, get more cost efficiency in how we make them, we've shared some pricing on that with them to support their growth, which has been exceptionally strong and we have very high double digit growth in heads up display, strong growth continues in acoustics that drives a significant amount of earnings increase on the mix side that is far more valuable than the modest price declines we've been sharing with them, as we gain efficiency on the fixed cost leverage.  So net, there are two different stories and strategies there, both of them working incredibly well and I think we're on track to deliver good growth. It's important to remember that it's not just price to rise as part of the story in the third quarter and the fourth, is the growth investments we've made in this segment, which in the third quarter was around $10 million higher growth costs than 2017. So when you sort of think about those two factors put together, it was actually very strong results for AM.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I would just add that on the large M&A question, we're actually quite happy with the portfolio we have. I think we're well ahead of the industry in being very disciplined in portfolio management. As you all know, we divested a lot of commodity businesses, 3.5 billion in revenue and we did some substantial acquisitions with solution Taminco and a few bolt-ons that got us over 4 billion in revenue, dramatically improving the structural quality of our EBIT margins as well as improving the stability and ability to create our own growth in times like this where economics -- the macro economy is a little less certain.  So we feel like we've done what we need to do in improving the quality of our portfolio. We're not looking for large M&A at this stage, because we’ve done the transformation we need, we're not just focused on bolt-on that as Curt said, much more importantly, our growth model is really paying off every day. We're driving a lot of innovation and growth across AM and AFP where we create our own growth and want to make sure we get a good return on investment for these acquisitions, which are a lot of the growth that we're delivering through the revenue synergies with them.
Mark Costa: Hey, Bob, it’s good to hear from you. So, we see the primary demand situation in tires similar, which is it's relatively slow. It's important to keep in mind that tire sales are also about 75% replacement. So, they’re relatively stable as well when you think about it over time in macroeconomic uncertainty, but that market isn't growing that fast. We've been benefiting from a lot of growth above market on things like our tire resins and making sure we’re aligned with the right customers in China who are doing more of the consolidating of the other tire companies and picking up some growth from that. More importantly, we are in a great position right now with launching our new Cure Pro product from our new Crystex technology into the marketplace.  It's being very well received and to bring significantly better performance in the products that are currently on the market, including our own by helping tire companies improve mixing efficiency anywhere from 15% to 20 plus percent. So right now, when you're trying to manage costs and be very efficient in our customer base, this is a highly valuable product and we expect to see good growth from leveraging that fixed cost that we have as a headwind this year, turning that into leverage earnings growth next year, but yeah, the overall market is going slow. We don't see it any differently. I would note we're more connected to commercial tires and commercial demand, so that's actually been quite attractive, especially in North America.
Mark Costa: So, the business has been stable. There's always been continued regulation in Europe around components of crop protection products or products in total and we continue to have some degree of restrictions on some of those products we have had in Europe, but it's just more of the same. That's been going on for several years. I wouldn't call it anything particularly new. I do -- have some upside that I think we didn't have when we bought Taminco as we’ve worked to help them have a more global reach in their commercial execution capabilities, we've been able to help them create a lot more growth from products like their growth regular products in Canada and North America by bringing a better global reach to that business. So while we have these trends in Europe that have been with us for years, we're now accelerating growth in other marketplaces to sort of manage against that and so the business overall net is very stable and very profitable.
Mark Costa: Well, we doubled our capacity. So, the very significant capital investment, which is why the growth headwinds this year are material relative to last year. So in talking to overnight, but with the continued solid and very strong growth we're seeing across the marketplaces in consumer durables, now reading on this medical application environment and a variety of new applications, it's sort of three, four years to fill it out.
Mark Costa: Well, first of all, we're not trying to predict when the trade issue gets resolved. That's at a better much higher level than my pay grade. But what we're saying is, like all companies, there are mitigating actions you can take to sort of minimize your exposure to some of these trade issues. We’re a multinational company, we have assets around the world, not just in the US. And so, we have options we can work on to mitigate that exposure in fibers and in other products as well.
Mark Costa: Sure. So, we continue to sort of do grade work in mitigating our exposure to the ethylene market. As we mentioned in the last call, there are two different things we're doing. So for the back half of this year, we've significantly reduced the amount of ethylene we’re selling by reconfiguring how we run our crackers, the shutdowns that we had, in particular, the unplanned shutdown that we're forced in to buy our industrial gas supplier in the second quarter allowed us to accumulate quite a bit of propylene in inventory. So that allows us to run our crackers in a different way in the back half of this year, minimizing ethylene production that comes out of bit less propylene and storing a bit of ethylene.  And so that takes us pretty much out of the ethylene market for the back half of this year. That's not sustainable, which is why we're making the RGP investment to dramatically reconfigure our cracker and give it more flexibility to reduce the amount of ethylene we're producing. So as you look at next year, and how this investment will allow us to operate, we can reduce our ethylene production by about 80%, relative to normal and that allows us to significantly reduce our exposure there.  The RGP investment also produces more propylene from the production process as well as reducing the ethylene and then the feed slate changes pretty significantly in how we're feeding our crackers. So, our propane purchases drop in half. Our ethane purchases are about 20% less, we’re buying about 150,000 tons of RGP to get this result. And so what we've done is shift significantly our propylene to propane spread volatility towards PGP to RGP, which is much more stable if you look at history and allows us to significantly reduce our olefin volatility exposure in next year and retain flexibility, if it gets very attractive, we can switch back and take advantage of that. And this is $20 million investment with a payback less than -- in less than a year, so it's just a great investment opportunity for us.
Mark Costa: Part of what I like about our strategy and our continued discipline about protecting shareholder value is how we make sure we're getting a good return on every dollar, not just in the SG&A, on the R&D. We have made tremendous success in repurposing or refocusing the R&D resources. So within our spend, we've doubled the amount of people working on application development, reducing what we're working on on some process elements that weren't as critical in creating value for shareholders. And so I think, we have a great track record of being disciplined, but overall for the year, you're still going to see about a $50 million headwind in growth costs on a full year basis, 30 plus of that is in the manufacturing cost and about 20 in the SG&A and R&D, but we do have some productivity offsetting the net spend that you're going to see show up on the P&L.
Mark Costa: I roughly thought half and half, Jeff. So about half of the 14% volume growth rate last year was the solar performance. So when you think about that and back that out of the results we have this year, you're talking sort of 8% volume growth year-over-year in AFP and everything else. So, it's a strong story of continued growth in that business.
Mark Costa: Yes. Sure, Mike. So, as I said in the prepared remarks, the specialty businesses, which is 70% of earnings and we're driving to be a higher percentage of our earnings will continue to be the horses that drive forward and build our earnings growth next year. So, we will continue to see a good growth in AFP and strong in AM. And, I think fibers will stabilize, CI with the investments we're making RGP, have the opportunity to be a little bit better next year than this year, but I think it's way early to call any of these items. But, I do think overall, we're driving towards a pretty solid growth. I’d also sort of remind you not to overly focus on the back half of this year on some of the dynamics that sort of feed into how we go towards next year. You've got a lot of de-stocking going on, as we expect some of that in pockets in AFP and maybe a little bit in AM. You've got prices catching up direct, through the back half of this year and some of these isolated trade issues around fibers that on a full year basis next year really isn't much headwind, because now it's China tow is just so small.  And importantly, tough comp in ’17 to ’18 that will now put behind us. So overall, we feel like we're in a really good position to drive volume growth in the specialties, leverage all the fixed cost investments that we've made and generate a lot of free cash flow and even on the price front, to rise if stabilize as I expect they will, given the environment we’re in, that doesn't become the headwind or chasing all year like, we did this year and that's not a drag next year.
Mark Costa: So, in fibers growth and repurposing this business to become a specialty business again is just a great story and we're really excited about it. The key markets are textiles and non-wovens and we have a real opportunity here with the change in sustainability and environmental trends about products that are certainly more environmentally friendly, so the timing couldn't be better for us to take advantage of that trend. So, Naia, our ester yarns, it's a biopolymer made from sustainable certified force.  And we've made some investments to materially improve its performance in fashion industry, so you're talking about fast fashion and luxury fashion, women's wear applications, intimate apparel applications is where we're going with those textiles and where we have a product that feels like silk at a much cheaper price has better breathability by far than some of the other alternatives in the marketplace and is a biopolymer that can be biodegradable. So for the fashion history, especially the millennials who are driving a lot of these decisions today, this is very exciting to them and I was just at the largest textile show in Paris a couple of weeks ago in a meeting with both textile mills and brands and it was just amazing to see how excited they were about this story and it all focused on sustainability and how we can sort of help them improve their position in the marketplace with it.  So that's going great, same story in non-wovens where a lot of non-woven things like facial wipes, baby wipes, things like that are trying to improve their sustainable position as well as biopolymers and biodegradability that we can offer up with our products. So, 30% growth rate, even though it's a small part of the overall fibers business today and we're making great progress. Now, it's up to about 15% of the segment revenue and the margins are good. They're certainly not tow margins, but they're attractive margins and we're excited about where we're going with this business.
Mark Costa: Historically, you're absolutely right. I mean, the value proposition we've had historically and continues in consumer durables and some medical applications is high clarity parts very strong, high strength through requirement, chemical resistant requirements, and BPA free and that's been a core part of it. But the story we told you today has actually opened up an entirely new space that is more about compounding Tritan into opaque applications. Obviously, that's not been our historical footprint, but we're now expanding into opening up that entire market to us as well through Tritan and our new Treva, so, those plastic launch. So the housing is replacing all opaque. It's the housings of all these medical devices, you’re typically compounding it with impact modifiers and other performance things or even with ABS or something that adds additional dimensional stability. But it's a whole new addressable market for us going forward.
Mark Costa: Certainly, margins are different, but I'd still say they’re reasonably attractive, more like the company average. And in places, it's better than that. It's a relative growth rate issue, but the reality is to drive overall earnings growth, as we push forward, it's possible because you have, Tel is only going down 2% a year at this stage going forward and you've got 30% growth or 20% growth in certain applications. The math is still going to work to get you sort of net earnings growth on this, which is why we're repurposing this capacity to support this growth as we go forward. But it's still going to take a little bit of time. 2019 is about stability and then moving towards growth, as we go into ’20.
Mark Costa: On the second question, sequentially, I think it’s probably better to go at it, because the ’17 compares are tough in some of the businesses, especially AFP and fibers. But the trends we see sequentially in demand are relatively stable. So, we continue to see solid growth in the specialties. You're always going to see normal seasonality, as you go into the fourth quarter. And then at the AM level, clearly, we had strong volume growth in AFP when you adjust for the solar fills, you had strong volume growth. I think in chemical intermediates, there's always a certain amount of volatility. We saw some demand come off in the third quarter, some of that, which is seasonal in ag and a few others shut down dynamics of customers.  Nothing's sort of concerning. But as you sort of go into the fourth quarter, with this inflationary raw material environment that we've been in through the third quarter, it's natural to expect de-stocking, especially in places where demand has moderated a bit like the transportation sector, as we've highlighted in sort of coatings and tires or some trade related caution there. So, I think it's really important we don't overreact to what's going on in the fourth quarter right now. From what we see, it appears to be mostly de-stocking. It's always hard to know exactly what's going on with the primary demand, especially in a fourth quarter when there is normal de-stocking anyway.  And so, we're not in a position where we're sitting there, saying that we see a primary demand problem out there and the marketplace is outside of the obvious sort of stuff going on in autos. And it's really important to remind you all about autos in Eastman in the way it works. Overall, we've said our exposure in transportation is about half OEM half sort of refinish replacement. But it's important to break that down in a couple of ways. First is, on the AM side, it is much more OEM related, but that is where we have so many innovative products and interlayers like heads-up display and acoustics as well as paint protection films, allowing us to grow much faster than the underlying market, which we demonstrated already in the third quarter and expect that to continue into the fourth.  And then on the AFP side, about two thirds of that business is more sort of refinish replacement, when you think about tires and where our projects are going into automotive coatings. So, quite a bit of stability in those kind of markets in this kind of timeframe. And even within these markets, we target different applications. So, for example, in China, while the overall auto sales are down, we're actually seeing good growth, because we're more aligned with luxury cars than the smaller cars that don't have the tax incentives anymore and so we're still seeing good growth in our performance films business and some of our high value interlayers that go into the more luxury cars that are actually still growing in China. So, we have to be very careful not to sort of apply a broad brush on some of these things to make sure you understand. I think we're in a pretty solid position.
Mark Costa: Yeah. I think it also connects back to sort of the fixed cost leverage comment. As you think about next year, under the assumption the world's growing, we’ll have continued variable margin growth next year and a very different fixed cost situation where this year if you think about between the 50 million of growth investment costs and if you look at the sort of planned and unplanned operational headwinds we had this year, there's another 50 million. So you've got $100 million of headwind against variable margin and growing EBIT in ’18 versus ’17. And if you think about how that translates to ’19, some of that annualize, so and that is down to sort of $75 million of tailwind, if you will of variable margins growing and how you have much less headwind in ’19 to ’18. So, there's considerable leverage here, which feeds into our view about how we can continue growing earnings into ’19, as we don't have another step up of these costs.
Curt Espeland: So it starts with, you should assume that our free cash flow will grow, because we're doing a great job, converting net earnings to cash flow. We’ll be assessing how much de-leveraging. I think our de-leveraging will decline, in part, that will determine based on how much EBITDA growth we expect next year. So if you think about cash flow deployment, it's going to be first to pay that nice dividend that we have, which is yielding even better than it was a month ago. Secondly, it will be doing some continuing leveraging, but less than what we did this year and in absence of bolt-ons, it will be deployed for share repurchases.
Curt Espeland: What you see in the other net just in the third quarter is we did our settlement with our insurance provider for the coal gas incident. That created a $65 million receivable at the end of September, which we've not collected in October. Another way to think about it, as you think about our seasonality of cash flows, as I mentioned, the net impact is going to be roughly $25 million on cash this year. So if you assume that $65 million benefit in fourth quarter, that means our cash flows have been hurt mostly this year and a good part of that was in the third quarter. So that's what you're seeing is the seasonality of cash flows, but that specific item that you're seeing in other is a $65 million insurance receivable at the end of September.
Curt Espeland: Welcome back, Frank. As it relates to the share repurchases, we're going to be disciplined with our capital allocation and we're going to complete utilizing $300 million of free cash flow to de-lever. So, you can do the math off of our 1.1 billion to determine kind of roughly how much share purchases we’ll be doing this quarter and I can assure you what the discipline that our treasury team executes, we've been in the market with 10b5-1 plan. So, we’ve been in the market all year. We’re going to be in the market in the fourth quarter and I can assure you, we’re going to be in market next year as we continue to repurchase share as part of our disciplined capital allocation philosophy.
Curt Espeland: So, no change in our philosophy, PJ. We've been looking primarily at bolt-on acquisitions. There's things in the pipeline, we're going to continue to be disciplined, as we go through that process, who knows maybe some of this market volatility will create some closure in bid ask spreads that we're encountering in some of our activity out there. So again nothing eminent right now on the bolt-on acquisition front and we're going to remain patient and a disciplined buyer.
Curt Espeland: So Jeff, on the SG&A, I think maybe the way I'd answer that is let me just talk about growth investment. We are seeing growth investments during the course of this year. You see that in SG&A and R&D. That's all a part of our plan of building capabilities, particularly application development activities. So over time, you actually should expect SG&A and R&D to increase kind of throughout the year. Quarter to quarter, there can be variables that change SG&A, you saw some of that in the third quarter. I'd also say that with the current economic environment, maybe we tightened up our SG&A a little bit more in the third quarter. So you should see SG&A growing over time, third quarter was just some variability and let me just close out with a remainder, so our SG&A and R&D is still one of the lowest in the industry as a percentage of sales.
Curt Espeland: Right. So let me just talk to the free cash flow, maybe a way to bring this to life a little bit, let’s just kind of bridge fourth quarter for a little bit. If you remember, fourth quarter of last year, we generated $435 million of free cash flow. In the fourth quarter, we’re going to have an insurance payment that we've already received as well as we’re going to have $50 million of lower CapEx. So in order to achieve our $1.1 billion of free cash flow, we are only needing some 60 million plus of additional free cash flow generation over last year and those are the types of working capital dynamics that we're working through. As you think about the conversion next year, I think we'll still have strong conversion of earnings next year. We might have CapEx, maybe a little less than it is this year. We won't have the net $25 million headwind, the insurance and then it's going to come down to how well working capital evolves, if you assume working capital, raw material cost normalize, that means you won't have the working capital challenges that you’ve had this year. So I see a path where we're going to continue to have good conversion. I don't see that conversion rate coming down.
Curt Espeland: Sure. That's just the seasonality of the effective tax rate. Earlier this year, we thought we’d be in the 18% to 20% range, due to -- as we continue to evaluate the various moving parts of our effective tax rate, it actually improved to 17% for the year. What you see in the third quarter is just a catch up to that 17% rate on a year-to-date basis. But for the full year of ’18, it will be around 17% and I can assure you we're working towards that rate next year.
Curt Espeland: So, no, when I think about 2018, there are some moving parts between EBIT and tax rate. So some of our year-over-year growth this year is improvement in tax rate, a little bit better than we thought last year. But when you go in to ’19, the tax rate should not be a headwind or a tailwind and it’s all around underlying performance of the business that Mark already talked about. I’m sorry, Cody, let’s make the next question the last one please.
Curt Espeland: I think, Kevin, your intuition is correct. We do expect slightly lower capital expenditures in 2019 versus ’18. Part of that is, keep in mind, some of the capital expenditures were for the coal gas recovery. So when you think about maintenance CapEx, it’s in that 300 million and 350 million. We showed at the Innovation Day, it could be anywhere from 500 million to 600 million going to ’19, and probably be more towards that low end of that range.
