Gregory Riddle: Thank you. Deanna. And good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; Willie McLain, Vice President, Finance; and Jake LaRoe Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I‘ll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual results or events concerning our plans and expectations could change. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company’s fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results news release, during this call and in the accompanying slides, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2019 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2019. Second, earnings referenced in this presentation excludes certain non-core and unusual items. Reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded and adjusted items are available in the fourth quarter and full year 2019 financial results news release, which could be found on our website www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings exclude any non-core unusual or non-recurring items. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory Riddle: All right, thanks Mark. As usual, we’ve got a lot of people on the line this morning and we’d like to get to as many questions as possible. So I ask that you please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Deanna, we are ready for questions.
Gregory Riddle: Yeah, the, the Fluids business has been great and developed a much more robust portfolio of end market applications. So historically, it was very dependent on PET applications, for example on the heat transfer fluids, we’ve now diversified into LNG facilities and some other things. So we’ve diversified our market exposure, which is helpful. And we continue to have a very strong competitive position in this business relative to a couple of other small players. As we see that business continuing on, there is always capital construction cycles, Frank, as you pointed out, where this business will moderate up and down, the solar field sometimes that can be fairly chunky and how they show up. It’s also important to mention, that a good portion of this business is the Aviation Fluids business that is actually very steady. This is our hydraulic fluids and turbine oil fluids that go into aircraft, and have a much more stable continuous revenue stream, where we’ve had great growth in revenue, as well as margin improvement, and that’s just been a great acquisition that we’ve done as well.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. Appreciate your time. Have a great day. There’ll be a replay of this available on our website later this morning. Thanks again.
Mark Costa: Thanks Greg. And good morning, everyone. I’ll begin with the full year 2019 highlights on page 3. 2019 was a significant year of macroeconomic challenges, that continue to get tougher through the year. I am incredibly proud of how Eastman employees around the world responded to these challenges and stepped up to the plate to deliver, almost $400 million in new business revenue closes from innovation led by Advanced Materials, which has achieved a decade of EBIT growth in 2019. We delivered on our cost management targets, while we continue to make progress on our innovation programs. I’m also proud of how our cash engine generated free cash flow at a record level of almost $1.1 billion for the third consecutive year. Although, we aren’t satisfied with our earnings performance, in what was a difficult environment, we are well positioned for earnings growth in 2020 and going forward. Here are few highlights from 2019, first, we’re celebrating Eastman centennial this year. Our 100-year history is filled with many successes and meaningful innovations that have enhanced the quality of life in a material way. The segment that best demonstrates its innovative spirit is Advanced Materials, which delivered impressive results, considering the challenging macro environment. Advanced Materials greatly outperformed its underlying markets, despite this exposure to transportation on several other consumer discretionary markets. And as our free cash flow results demonstrate, we can consistently deliver in any environment. We continue to push our cash to work in a disciplined way, including significant delevering, which will remain a priority for us in 2020. Bolt-on M&A, like you saw with Marlotherm and INACSA this year, two great businesses opening up new markets for our technologies. And capital returns through a combination of share repurchases and dividends, which have increased for 10 consecutive years. Finally on a personal note, I want to highlight the Curt Espeland, our CFO of 11 years, has elected to retire in 2020, after nearly a quarter century of service. Curt’s a hugely talented financial professional and has had an extraordinary career. I’m personally very grateful for his pragmatic leadership and the vital role he has played in the portfolio transformation, which has been a foundational element of our strategy to become a leading specialty materials company. I’d also like to share that I have every confidence in Curt’s successor, Willie McLain. Willie has been a key player to Eastman for 20 years, and has worked closely Curt as part of our long-term succession planning process. He has a proven experienced leader with deep knowledge of Eastman’s financial organization, businesses, and capital markets, which will be integral as we continue the company’s transformation. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Curt, to review some financial results, his final quarterly review, as he closes this chapter and opens another.
Mark Costa: Thanks, Vincent. Good morning. Yeah, great question and it’s really the heart of the whole company strategy around having a innovation-driven growth model, as a way you create your own growth in tough environments, as well as defend your margins. Across the entire segment, we’ve been investing in innovation and this is - 2019 is sort of our decade of continuous earnings growth through it. The differentiation really comes from innovating differentiated and sustainable products that are important to the marketplace. So our Triton success, which is a patented proprietary product being the only solution that is BPA free for polycarbonate placement, continues to have tremendous success in housewares and durables, and now growing in medical and that’s just the story that continues to deliver performance. It’s the same thing with heads up display interlayers and acoustic interlayers, where you can significantly enhance the driver experience and enable lightweighting in a car, and where we have not just this generation, but are now launching the next generation of even better HUD in acoustic as we speak, and this year to continue to drive differentiation and growth in that space. Same thing with paint protection films, where we’ve launched the best product to the marketplace last year, rolled out new software where we have the best cutting software support for the dealers. So it’s always about enhancing and developing new features and growing these businesses at much higher rates than the underlying market. This segment has a lot of consumer discretionary exposure, whether its autos or appliances or electronics that the underlying markets are down and we felt that some - in our core interlayers or some of our core copolyesters. But it’s that innovation allows you to continue to grow, and why our model works so well
Mark Costa: Thanks, David. Good morning. So we are looking at all the options. This environment requires us to be thoughtful about what options makes sense. Certainly, we’re looking at everything we can do on the restructuring front, and driving both innovation as well as how it optimizes the cost structure in this environment, and then we’re looking at partnering and divestment options, as things we consider. Divestment is certainly in the consideration set, but we’ve got to make sure we don’t overreact to short-term challenges in the marketplace, make sure we understand the impact of the restructuring activities for understanding both, the qualities, businesses, as well as how we position them to a potential new owner. So we’re going to keep driving it forward and we’ll update you, when we have more clarity.
Mark Costa: Overall, the Taminco businesses are doing great across the portfolio, with the exception of the formic acid business that we called out in the third quarter, which was a small acquisition Taminco had done, just ahead of us buying Taminco. But when we look at the core alklyamine platform, which is what we are centering acquiring care chemicals, has delivered really strong growth and very stable margins as you just highlighted, with cost pass-through contracts. Water treatment is having really great growth in this environment, with the environmental trends out there and again, doing quite well, stable margins. And then as you look at the functional means going into ag, those - again very stable margins, given the market structures and the contracts we have in place. Obviously, there is demand that goes up and down with the seasons. But overall, the whole portfolio has really been been great. The management team has been great. We’ve had phenomenal retention of the talent and the cost structure has been well managed.
Mark Costa: So PJ, I think we’ve been really proud of the portfolio transformation, way ahead of what people are doing in the industry now, where we divested $3.5 billion of revenue of underperforming businesses, and did great acquisitions with Solutia and Taminco and some bolt-ons to add $4.2 billion of great attractive businesses. So I think we have a very impressive track record of not just doing good acquisitions at good prices, where we paid nine times EBITDA for the things that we bought, and have delivered very attractive returns with the synergies that we delivered. So we’re very much open to portfolio management, both in and out of the portfolio. But when we look at the market conditions right now, they seem to be very expensive, and so we don’t see that there is opportunities out there, especially large ones that are financially attractive. More importantly, we like the portfolio that we have, and we’ve been focused on making sure we deliver return to our shareholders for the money that we spent on these acquisitions up through ‘14, and deliver growth and I think we’ve done that quite well. If you look at the two specialty businesses, we’ve had before the trade war started, over $600 million EBITDA growth from ‘14 to ‘18, one third of that was acquisition, but two thirds of it was organic growth that came from these acquisitions, as well as the core Eastman businesses. So we feel good about how we can integrate acquisitions. So I’m not saying we’ll never do anything, but large ones right now don’t seem necessary or financially prudent.
Mark Costa: Yeah. If you look at Advanced Materials, the main driver of their growth continues to be innovation and volume growth, and then there is an opportunity to really keep pricing off of what we’d call the product performance. There is some input costs that do vary, and they did have some tailwind in 2019. I think some of that will moderate, but it will still be there. And I think they’ve shown good discipline on pricing of their products, relative to the performance it provides. And so that’s why we think this business will grow at mid-single digits EBIT in 2020.
Mark Costa: So that’s one of the areas, where we’ve added advantaged technology with the capacity that we added, that produces a far better product, which we call Cure Pro, relative to the current product we make, as well as our competitors. So we can help customers improve their tire mixing efficiency by 10% to 20% on their tire plants. So the new capacity is also differentiated and advantaged, and we are now looking at the overall footprint in this business. Just look at where demand is, where we expect demand to grow, what sort of assets really makes sense in that, and then we’ll make some decisions on what’s appropriate as we go forward.
Mark Costa: So we did an acquisition at Sterling, the Texas City site, which is just a phenomenal site, when you look at the scale, infrastructure, ports, rail everything. It’s just a great opportunity to leverage, and this is a great example - one of I think several that will have at Texas City, and how we can sort of provide that site opportunity and the Gulf Coast Ammonia and the Air Products project set a great example of what several other opportunities could look like. So I’d see multiple things there. I’d say what we’re doing at St. Gabriel is more unique to supporting Corteva, we’ll offer our alkylamine platform. But there are other sites around the world we’re looking at. But I do think it can be substantial and very reliably and predictable earnings.
Mark Costa: So as I said in our outlook statement, our outlook statement does not include the impact of the Corona virus. I think it’s -- we can all agree it’s a little too early to call what those impacts were going to be. But most importantly, we’re focused on safety and health of the people in China as well as around the world, including our employees, and making sure we’re taking the right set of actions which we’ve implemented around controlling travel within China, travel in and out of China and making sure people are as safe as possible. We do have nine plants in China and two offices. So we’re focused on those and there is obviously going to be a delay, based on the Chinese extending the New Year out by one to two weeks, depending on where you look at the location. So we’ll have to sort of factor that into our thinking. I don’t think it’s a simple conclusion though, where you just look at the impact of what’s going to happen to demand in China, which obviously will occur. So our customers will be shut down, but it’s important to keep in mind that our competitors are going to be shut down as well, both in China, as well as how they compete around the world. So there is probably some opportunities for us to see some volume improvement outside of China, as a lot of customers have become dependent on some Chinese sources, and we want to make sure we’re there to help them, when those sources may not be available, and help them be a reliable supplier that we’re proud of, our more global and diverse and reliable footprint.
Mark Costa: Well, our historical program is more of the former, where we get some inbound inquiries around acetyls and olefins which we always do. But what we’re identifying here and calling out is this value is a more substantial proactive approach. So a number of years ago, we had developed a breakthrough technology to make MEG through an alternate process than ethylene, to leverage coal gasification and we sort of turned down that effort internally, as we focused more on specialty growth. So we partner with JM Davy to work with us and finish off that technology and take it to market and leveraging their strength as a licensing organization. So we’ve been in the background working that with them, and they’re close to success in the first license. These licenses are quite large and significant in the scale of what plants will be built. MEG is a critical product and this technology is a lot better than the obsolete technology they’ve been trying to use, which has some quality problems. So I think it’s a great opportunity for sort of multiple licenses as we go forward. Important to remember, these licenses show up in chunky ways. So it’s real hard to predict exactly when they’re going to hit, and you register the value.
Mark Costa: Sure, I’ll start and I’ll let Willie finish off. The contract there was a long-term supply contract that we had in place for a number of years, and it’s finally coming up for expiration at the end of this year, and it allows us to terminate it and then consider other options, I will let Willie cover what those options are.
Mark Costa: Yeah. So Bob, I think the point we’re trying to make there, is we’re a very lean organization that are good stewards of our shareholders’ money and trying to make sure every dollar we spend delivers a return. And I’m incredibly proud of how our Chief Technology Officer has, within the budget, transformed our technology organization in a dramatic way. So we had a lot of projects going on around process development, new technologies that we’re going to have a payback for very long time, and you put those to a stop, reorient the organization much more towards application development and product development. But this AD capability we built is really the key to our success, and we’ve doubled the amount of resources and capability we’ve had in that business since 2014 to where we are now, within that mix of spend. That AD as we explained in our Innovation Day in ‘18 is how we can do what our customers do, we can make a tire, we can make a windshield, we can make thermoplastic final products, we can make a coating, and so we can accelerate our innovation, accelerate the value we understand in those formulations and accelerate how we can go to market, not just with our direct customers, but downstream to drive specification through the market, by showing what we can do. So that is really the real test of it and we’re, of course, adding the commercial resources, as we gear that side up and find efficiency in the support functions. The metrics, I think the one that we shared with you, the new business revenue from innovation is the real test. It’s the revenue we’re getting every year, that’s the -- the metric is, year one. So it’s really about the next year, when you see that $400 million last year, that’s about helping this year. The $500 million we’re aiming for this year, will help next year. But we keep very careful track of that and that’s the most important metric to sort of say you are getting results from this portfolio. We have a bunch of internal stage gate project metrics and milestones and everything else to have good discipline, to manage our portfolio on a very disciplined way, and we’re constantly optimizing and focusing and shifting resources where we see the best value.
Mark Costa: Okay. Good questions. So the first one on the Circular Economy, at this point with the trends in the marketplace, it’s not as much about competing against the price of oil or fossil fuel feedstocks. The train has left the station, right, you’ve got legislation in Europe and coming in multiple other jurisdictions of banning single use plastics or putting what they call EPRs, Enhanced Producer Responsibility, which is basically taxes on single use plastic. So the drive for recycling and the value that it’s putting on it, is creating a real cost choice, not just a consumer preference choice for brands around the world. Even China now is banning plastic bags in all major cities by the end of this year for groceries and things like that. So the recycled content part, we’re really excited about what we’re doing, is a critical differentiator for us. Fortunately, we got out of the single use plastic business, so we’re not trying to defend it, when we got rid of the PET business in 2011. We’re more focused on how we provide solutions to customers around the actual recycled content, as well as put our recycled content in finished products and durables, so whole another differentiation back to Vince’s questions earlier, is not only do we have a lot of product differentiation in the performance of the product, we now have a whole new vector of growth in specialty plastics, as well as over in textiles and fibers, by putting recycled content in these products, which is a very significant demand. And we do think that we will get a premium relative to fossil fuel-based products, for providing these solutions to the marketplace. You can look at rPET through last year in Europe, they traded at roughly a 60% premium to PET in the marketplace. I think that’s a bit high. But we do think on a long-term basis and we do think our technologies provide real solutions, because we can access feedstock that’s going to landfill not compete against some mechanical recycled streams. So the cost structure for us will be more advantaged for our feedstock, because it has no alternative value, and that’s an important differentiator for what we’re doing. So we feel really good about that and we feel like, we’re in a good differentiated position to sort of move those programs forward in both AM and fibers. The second question was on spreads in the back half of last year. As we said, you know, spreads declined through the back half relative to the first half of ‘19, as people realize that the economy was not going to improve with the settlement of the trade war, and so that elongated economic stress led to a more competitive behavior, in particular, CI and that one-third of AFP. In CI, we do see prices very much stabilizing out relative to competitors, who are hitting their cash cost in Asia. So we have seen that, and we are seeing people will start moderating run rates or potentially shut down plants temporarily. I’m not sure I think any of these plants are going to shut down permanently. So when the market recovers, some of these people will come back in the marketplace, which is why we’ve been cautious on how we think about spreads this year and we’re assuming spreads do not improve this year. And so I think we’re in a good place there.
Mark Costa: So you’re correct polyester benefited from lower PX prices. The olefins benefited from lower ethane and propane prices, as well as a propylene supply contract that’s formulated to propane. So we saw a raw material benefits in the olefin chain. On the asset yield chain, we are coal-based on how we make our asset yields with our gasifier, coal prices have been relatively stable, so there wasn’t any tailwind there.
Mark Costa: They did. So we had a good October, we had a weak November that gave us some concern about what might happen in December. And then both volume came in better than expected and cost came in quite a bit better than expected on the raw material side.
Mark Costa: Yeah, so first of all through ‘19, the two-thirds did quite well as Curt laid out, prices were relatively flat outside of the cost pass-through contracts, and we expect that continue this year, where prices will be stable and we saw a raw material benefits as a result, we saw volume growth and we have this headwind, especially in these high-value additives for automotive in China net out to being modestly down for last year. So as we look at this year, we see volume, we see raws stable as well as pricing, so that’s going to deliver some growth as well as some cost reduction. So you do see some earnings growth in the two-third side of the portfolio. And you’re correct, the potential for down net earnings for the AFP segment is in the one-third segment, as we take in those lower spreads from the back half of last year. We do regain some volume, so as we had good discipline on pricing through the first half of 2019, we lost some volume in adhesives and tires, regaining that with some pricing in the fourth quarter. So will have a volume improvement, but some pricing down net in the one-third, as well as you’re going to have some earnings challenges there, just given where spreads are at this point. So I think you’re directionally correct.
Mark Costa: We’re well positioned capacity. We had doubled the capacity in 2018, because we had run our capacity, because the volume growth had been so strong. This was one of several plants that we brought online in 2018, where volume was really great, across AFP and AM, with the growth we’ve been having, until the trade war hit. So we’re well positioned to support growth there.
Curt Espeland: Thanks, Vince For the question and the comment as well. So as you know, we are always disciplined with our capital allocation across those buckets of share repurchases, bolt-on acquisitions and pay down of debt. And we you consider all three of them as very viable ways to create value for our stockholders. So as we finish 2019, we ended up shifting our cap allocation of that excess cash towards more further de-levering as a priority, and as Mark mentioned, that’s going to continue in 2020. So the result was that, we used $370 million of our free cash flow for pay down versus the original $300 million that we promised. So what we’re looking at now for - if you look at 2020, that kind of discipline is going to be maintained. So we’re kind of looking at -- if you think about that, $1 billion to $1.1 billion and let’s just take the midpoint of $1.050 billion. So $350 million of it will go kind of towards that increasing dividend that we’re very proud of. Greater than $400 million will be used to reduce debt at a minimum. And then I’m sorry - and at a minimum, we will repurchase shares to offset dilution, which is roughly $50 million. So that remaining $200 million to $300 million of free cash flow is going to be applied for acquisitions, additional share repurchases or further debt pay down, and really that’s going to depend how the macro environment plays out, and that we will probably kind of hold that extra choices till the second half of this year, just so we have more time to see how it plays out.
Curt Espeland: Yeah, I’d say, across the entire company in most places. I think we’ve seen channels destock in Advanced Materials. I think the destocking has run its course, and even maybe a little bit of stabilization and inventory management, in a few of those businesses. In AFP, I’d say it’s mostly destocked in the channels and we’re more looking at where primary demand goes at this point. As I mentioned ag & Functional means and CI is one place where you could see some additional destocking here in the first quarter. We do believe in net volume growth for that business, assuming a normal weather pattern here in North America, but it may not be as dramatic as we still have a bit of inventory to work off. But I would say in North America, where the economy has been stronger, there is probably people sitting on a bit more inventory than where Asian and European customers are. So there is always a risk, if the U.S. economy slows down, you could see a better destocking there. So we’ll just have to see how it plays out. But I do think net-net, the vast majority the destocking is behind us, and that lack of it will provide some volume growth this year versus last year, assuming similar economic growth between the two years.
Curt Espeland: And PJ If I could add, I’m still a traditionalist and since Willie and I both went to the same MBA school, I think it will continue. And that is, when we look at investments, whether it’s acquisitions or organic growth, we look at things on an unlevered basis. So that way, we make sure we’re driving good value without considering the leverage. And then once we find good opportunities and/or growth programs, we find great ways to finance it. So we’ll continue to look at things in a disciplined, unlevered basis.
Curt Espeland: We do - I mean we do expect prices to come down a little bit, as you share some of the raw material value. We’ve had thorough conversations with investors on previous calls on this topic, but we expect to hold onto a good portion of it. More importantly, we’re going to have volume and mix growth, that is the heart of our strategy across the company, as well as the fixed cost leverage and other cost management activities that sort of flow into the segment.
Curt Espeland: Kevin, to your point, it is definitely -- we collaborate with the Board on that decision. I think you will also see that we moderated our dividend as our dividend payout ratio is - I’ll call it, gotten back in line with where we would expect it to be, post the Solutia and Taminco acquisition. and as we think about future growth, we will continue to grow it, but it will be based on the long-term expectation, consistent with how we have in the past.
Curt Espeland: Yeah, the ag is actually animal nutrition. So it’s mostly about in China. So it’s mostly about the pig population that was hit by the African swine flu. It’s hard to give exact numbers, but somewhere around 30% to 50% reduction in that population, which is a huge consumer of these organic acids, that we and some others sell. So we saw a volume hit associated with that, that’s also contributed to some of the pricing challenges in Formic Acid, and a couple other products. So it’s really that dynamic. Obviously, they’ve got that flu under control, the swine flu, and with the rebuilding of that population. So we’ll start to see it recover this year and next, but it doesn’t snap back like the North American ag market could this year.
Curt Espeland: Yeah, the way I’d characterize it, where you are seeing that right now is kind of in the margin. So while we were able to implement the cost reduction actions, those cost reduction actions are harder to see COGS and our margins, is because we had to slow down our plans. We don’t give our specific utilization rates etc, but when you get our 10-K, you’ll see that our finished goods in intermediate products in inventory declined 5%. Some of that is value, but also some of its --- some of the slowdown we did in our production rates. And Bob, I’d just add that we’re going to be careful about how we run our plants as we go into the first half of this year. So that volume growth is a way to sort of move inventory down and continue -- making progress on that. It’s a great opportunity for us to release a lot of cash as we go forward.
Curt Espeland: And if I could add, Mike, that’s an example for this business, not only you get volume growth, you get mix upgrade, and now you get fixed cost leverage as well.
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, Kevin, this is Willie, if I may add, I would also highlight the fact that on a segment basis that we would see that primarily benefiting CI and the Additives & Functional products businesses today. But as we think about further integration beyond those two projects, it could benefit other assets as well.
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, this is Willie. What I would tell you is, we’re diversified across our methanol exposure as we think about - we produce methanol here at our Kingsport site as well as we purchase methanol market-based as well as other benchmark. So I think we’ve diversified our exposure, as we think about going forward, and that exposure is primarily in our Chemical Intermediates and Additives & Functional Product segments.
William McLain, Jr.: As we consider as other options, obviously we look at our existing footprint and our integrated facilities in Texas to support the Chemical Intermediates business. Obviously, this gives us the ability to use that footprint, the sort of the market and the regions where we are best leveraged to compete, based on the cost curve of that business. But you can think about, probably in 2021, that we would have an improvement of $25 million versus our current run rate.
William McLain, Jr.: Yes, it’s basically consistent with what we were saying in Q3, which is about $0.30 a share. So it was slightly up. I’d also remind you that about 85% of that’s in our Advanced Materials, and it is in Functional Products businesses.
