Mark Costa: Thanks for the question. Overall, we're incredibly excited about the circular platform, excited about how we're operating the first plan, proving out this technology works and have a lot of engaged customers and also excited about long view with the DOE grant and Pepsi contract that gives us a lot of confidence.  And we believe long term, the European market is going to be structurally, an extremely attractive market to serve. But there are sort of two issues we're working with that we mentioned in the prepared remarks. There's a sort of regulatory uncertainty and there's just continuing to do the work we always do in dealing with inflation and getting the CapEx number where it needs to be for a good investment. And on the CapEx, we feel good about how we can manage that. So it really comes down to customer contracts and EU policy.  And what I'd say is the European Union has been far ahead of the world on recognizing both the carbon issues in this world, the climate change and having aggressive policy of that and also recognizing that they've got a packaging waste problem like we do everywhere else and wanting to have a policy that drives the brands, suppliers, the market to sort of address that packaging waste, which also includes a lot of carbon emissions. And so they developed a policy that is quite comprehensive, that has some reduce, reuse goals that will be -- sort of help the problem, but really focused on how do we get all of this material recycled. And it's still being finalized, but they've got aggressive targets like 25% content in beverages next year in '25 and everything being at 30%, very high local recycling rates required in Europe, EPR taxes on people who don't do it, strict definitions of what is a recyclable polymer, et cetera. And so all that, I think, is headed to be in policy and makes sense.   But there was one recent change that created some uncertainty on how the brands can achieve the recycled content targets. And there's a problem they face especially as you go from this year to next year, which is they're only recycling about 12% of PET back to bottles at the food grade level. They've got to be at 25% next year, so they will struggle to achieve that pretty significantly as well as there's some WTO issues that come up around imports. And they changed policy from requiring everything to be made from local material to allow imports to be included.   Now they put a bunch of restrictions on what imports would qualify around how it's being made from a sustainability point of view as well as all these standards. And there's still a lot of complexity and trying to understand that, but it would probably make it very difficult to import for most countries in these equivalency requirements. And it really creates a huge amount of complexity, both for the implementation of policy as well as -- and achieving the goals of high recycling rates and really issues around consumer brand equity when you're using imports, right?   Because when you bring imports into the country, you're replacing local demand for recycling, which increases incineration, which also violates the carbon emission goals of the European Union. The recyclability targets, which is your material considered recyclable requires a very high recycling rate in the European Union, which is also a problem. And then consumers don't want to be solving China's waste problem. They want to see policy driving up recycling locally to address the local problem.   So this creates some uncertainty and it really goes back to why we had the circular contracting model of we're in this business to be a service provider to the brands to solve their plastic waste problem. We're not getting back in the commodity business. So we're sticking to our guns as we've told you we would around long-term take-or-pay contracts that provide stable margins. And so we're still highly engaged with customers, still very much working with this, but this has slowed down the discussion on how to structure these contracts in this market context.   I'd also note that we are targeting a lot of applications that can't even use mechanical recycle material because of performance requirements in the package. And long term, mechanical recycling won't work anyway because it's going to degrade without chemical recycling sort of keeping it refreshed. So we're very confident in the long-term market structure. We believe this is a facility that should get built, but we've got to stick to our milestones and our requirements around getting the contracts in place like we told you we would do. 
Mark Costa: I mean inflation, I think, has been an issue for every project out there that I've seen in our industry. The supply chain crisis has driven up the cost of everything from labor to equipment, et cetera. So all projects have had some amount of escalation to it. We have a good plan to get the capital to where it needs to be on the Longview plant, and we have developed a plan on how to get the capital down on the French plant.   But it's going to take a little more work on some of the elements of doing that. And so while we're working on getting these contracts, we're taking that extra time to continue working on reducing the CapEx. But we feel that we have a pathway to manage that issue. 
Mark Costa: So we have a lot of different flexibility. That's the beauty of how we manage all of our polymer lines in how we optimize value. Today, we do it from Tritan to copolyesters to medical PET. And every line we have built, the ones in France as well as the Texas project, we'll have the flexibility to make both PET and specialty products. So we're always going to optimizing value and mix. That's the heart of our business model, and we're very good at doing it.  So in that sense, it doesn't really matter which project gets built first. We'll sort of optimize value between specialty and PET as we sort of build out our sort of our global position. The first plant is already very much focused on specialty applications. So we'll be driving into Tritan, into cosmetic packaging, into shrink packaging, into a variety of different applications and levering that up. And there's things we're working on to expand and extend the capacity on the first plant as we get it up and running while we sort of work on building the second and third plants.  And so whichever plant gets built first between Texas and France, we'll optimize value between PET, which we have the contract with Pepsi on and specialty to maximize value as we build out the portfolio. 
Mark Costa: It's more of the latter. When you -- we're very proud of the beat we had in Q1 and the fact that it was volume driven, which is the key element of the challenges we had last year, frankly, the whole industry had last year, to see that volume come back better than expected, gives us confidence, especially because it came back in the specialties, which is where our highest value is generated for the portfolio. So we feel good about that.  And as you look at our guidance, clearly, we have confidence in AM and AFP, and we have confidence in Fibers doing better. CI is always a little uncertain. But the main reason we're -- didn't upgrade the range is it's the first quarter. There's a lot of macroeconomic uncertainty out there, a lot of geopolitical uncertainty that we're all living with every day.  And we wanted to really stick to our approach in January, which is this is an economy-neutral forecast, right. We're not projecting fundamentals getting better in the back half of the year to deliver this range. We're also not projecting -- underlying demand is going to get worse in the back half of the year. We're saying it's neutral. We believe fundamentals will get better into the back half, and that would be upside in our forecast. If you have concerns about geopolitics, then there's some sort of -- there's risk to the midpoint of our forecast. But at this stage, I think it's just prudent to be a little cautious until we see how things develop. 
Mark Costa: Sure, Duffy. It's great to get that question because we're really excited about having this first plant up and running. This will be the world's largest chemical recycling facility, and we're really excited to show the world what's possible, not just in generating earnings and growth for our owners, but in solving a pretty significant environmental problem.   And we're really excited that we're on spec with the material and we're serving our customers. It's pretty amazing when you look at basically garbage going into the front of the plant and sort of on-spec material coming out the back end. And it is a very complicated technology and plant. So it is nontrivial to start up compared to if you're building a commodity asset.  The good news is that we have fully confirmed that the process chemistry works, which was always the biggest question that I think people had and we can confirm that's working. We've validated all the unit ops are functioning as designed. It can run continuously. So we feel really good about the sort of design and the structural aspects of the plant.   The challenge has been just on getting the plant to run reliably. And we're certainly about 4 weeks behind schedule as we mentioned in the prepared remarks on that front. And really, we're still focused on reliability. So we haven't moved into a broad feedstock slate or ramped up the capacity a lot until we've actually addressed some of these mechanical issues.   So all the issues we're facing have nothing to do with the process chemistry. It's literally mechanical issues. Some of it was in the beginning, construction errors, leaks and improperly installed equipment. We believe we've addressed most of those issues -- actually, all of those issues at this stage.   Then there's been sort of more-than-normal early failure of some pieces of equipment like instrumentation, valves and some other equipment. This is not unique to us. We see all of our peers having the same challenge globally where just equipment wasn't as made as well as we would hope in the supply chain crisis. And we're all sort of dealing with these kind of sort of annoying little issues. They're simple to solve, but they just slow you down as you have to sort of pause to address them.   And we've also had some reliability issues on rotating equipment, especially pumps. And that is a little more complicated. It's a mixture of quality -- quality of assembly, some design issues and some operating learning. We've done a total root cause analysis on that. We feel we have a very clear understanding of what's causing it, and we're very close to completing all the actions we need to address those issues. So I'd say from a mechanical point of view, we feel very good about where we're at. The plant's running. Our priority right now is serving customers, which we're doing. And we're just in the phase of ramping up production and sort of expanding our feedstock slate to sort of try out those issues.   But the 70% of the op of the plant is a monomer called DMT and that's always clean, no matter what. So the process chemistry around sort of viewing impurity really is just about EG, which is a smaller part of the plant. So as we ramp up, test that other material, we feel very good about supplying customers this year because their demand that we're projecting is not close to capacity of this plant. And so we've got plenty of ways to keep them served and supported.   So we still forget about the $75 million of EBITDA that we've got out there as having a pathway. It's obviously a little more challenged with how we've had a slower start, but we feel good that we can achieve it for the year.   What I'd say as far as progression goes, our plan was always to do what we're doing right now is run at a steady state to make sure mechanically everything is fine, then you ramp up as well as start broadening the feedstock, which we'll be doing through this next quarter. So we'll have a lot more to tell you about that when we get to the second quarter call. 
Mark Costa: Well, first and foremost, the sort of propylene derivatives are predominantly going to show up in CI as far as the value goes, but there are propylene derivatives that go into AFP as well as AM. So there's parts of the propylene stream that goes across a whole integrated complex.   When the outages occur, and the price of PGP goes up, that's good for us, obviously. But it's always a question of how does PGP move relative to the price of propane that gets us to that spread. And through the first quarter, we certainly saw PGP move up, but we also saw propane prices come in much higher than expected. So those sort of netted out to some degree.   And as we go into this quarter, those spreads look like they're going to contract a bit from the first quarter with the way PGP prices have come off as outages have been resolved. So it's the nature of these olefin businesses where there's a certain amount of up and down in spreads and that's just factored into our guidance. 
Mark Costa: So one, every customer we have that we're meeting with, I think, is highly committed to addressing the recycled content question and making sure that they're making their packaging with higher rates of recycled content. And frankly, many of the top brands have 100% goals on a lot of their packaging. They're way above any sort of regulatory policy that's out there. So I don't think there's any lack of commitment that they know this is important.   I do think there's a reality which is there's a significant lack of recycling infrastructure in this world and in mechanical recycling today, and I think most of the brands understand that a lot of what they do in packaging, mechanical recycling, won't even work properly. So the need for chemical recycling is absolutely necessary in the long term. There's just -- I haven't run anyone who thinks that both mechanical and chemical aren't necessary.   So demand condition is very clear. The question is how do they meet those conditions, right? And at the moment, there's been a ramp-up if you go look at the data of inwards of our PET into the U.S. and Europe that is affordable. And that's a way for them to manage cost and hit their targets in the short term.   The dilemma for that is it doesn't really solve the actual problem, which is you, as consumers, European consumers, want waste out of their environment, right? They don't want to be a solution to China's trash problem, right? So they've got to work their way through that on the economics versus what the real goal is, which is addressing local recycling.   And so as they're sort of in a situation of where our PET prices are relatively low right now and imports are available versus the long term, which regulation is certainly going to drive a requirement for higher recycling rates within the U.S., within Europe, how do they sort of make those choices and decisions? So it's just taking us longer to work through these contracts. I'm confident in the end, these brands will focus on what is the correct thing to do for the U.S. and Europe sort of waste issues, but it's just taking us longer to negotiate the contracts than we expected. 
Mark Costa: It's a great story. And Patagonia is by far the leader like Europe around recycling. Patagonia has a take back program. So it's an active program with their customers to say when you're going to -- instead of throwing your garment away, your fleece vest or whatever it is you have, drop it off at a store and we'll take it back, so it doesn't end up in landfill. So it's actually a genuine circular program to prevent textiles being thrown away.   The second largest source of plastic waste in landfills or incineration are textiles after packaging. It's a huge problem. And so they are truly forward-leaning when it comes to anything environmental way ahead of anyone else, and they really do their science on it. So they're taking back all these garments and then we're shredding them and recycling them and putting it back into fibers, in this case, Naia fibers, for some of their products. So it's a genuine circle for the textile industry.   So it's a program we certainly want to expand and do with other companies. If you think of all the fast fashion brands out there where the whole business model has been centered on buy things and then throw it away and buy new things, with the regulations that are coming in Europe around that waste, which is the next round after packaging regulation as well as the consumer pressure on waste that exists here as well, this is another great circular story.   And we can take ultimately this back into the -- our CRT to make Naia fibers or we can take the textile back into the polyester plant to make polyester fibers, chips for polyester fibers. So it gives us a lot of opportunities to work on there.   These are complicated programs. I wouldn't say that the volume is going to be particularly high anytime soon. But it is a model that has to be developed to build a future where we have [ waste ] environment. And with the new technology, when you think about the Texas project, 90% lower carton footprint, almost close to a zero carbon footprint plan. And that's extremely compelling not just on the waste side, but on the decarbonization side. So we're very excited about what we can do for the marketplace. 
Mark Costa: The capital costs are different. The methanolysis unit will be much cheaper than the Kingsport plant to build because there's a lot of sort of lessons we learned as we've shared in past calls around how to sort of be more effective in building the plant, right? So we certainly don't intend to have the construction issues that we ran into, and there's a lot of learning both in the construction as well as operating the plant now that gives us much better insight on how to improve some aspects of the plant, all of which will make the plant cheaper to build.  So we feel good about that part of the plant coming in lower than Kingsport by a meaningful amount. But the difference is Kingsport had a huge amount of polyester lines and all the infrastructure for handling materials into the plant and out of the plant that we could leverage as well as energy infrastructure that was already in place here that was leverageable, we didn't have to add energy and steam infrastructure. So when you go to the Longview plant or the France project, the methanolysis one part is cheaper, but you're adding polymer lines, you're adding -- and you have a lot of infrastructure you need to build around this facility that doesn't exist in either of those locations. So the total capital cost turns out to be higher.  Fortunately, we've got great incentives with the DOE grant, that $375 million is extremely helpful in supporting the economics of the project, offsetting inflation and paying for this add of scope that we did to the plant with this thermal battery and solar facility that allows us to get to that 90% reduced carbon footprint I mentioned.  And then the French plant, same thing. It's cornfield, so there's infrastructure you're having to add that's sort of more. And there, you've got a biomass steam plant you're building as opposed to leveraging existing energy infrastructure at the Tennessee site.  So it is a -- each project is quite different in scope in what it's building, and both projects have a lot of incentives to support it. We haven't disclosed the full amount from France, but it's an attractive amount of support as well. I mean I have to say, the French government through everything has been incredibly supportive on incentives, on permitting, helping make sure the policy makes sense in Europe as much as they can. So we really appreciate all their support and everything that they've done to enable that project. 
Mark Costa: I think that the Fibers trend from a volume point of view is a bit less in the back half of the year than the first half. So volume and earnings will be a little bit less in the back half of the year. And it's just timing of customer orders. It's sort of normal. We've always talked about this business. The order pattern of the customers is a little bit unpredictable across the year. So it's just that.  But the textile side will continue to grow and provide earnings growth. The tow volume obviously, as I just said, will come off a bit, and the back half will be a little bit lower in the first half. 
Mark Costa: Sure, Jeff, and nice compound question. You got two segments in one. So on AFP, we were sort of net down 1%, which I'd call mostly flat. And there are meaningful moving parts on that, Jeff. Coatings and care chemicals actually had very good growth sequentially into the first quarter. And then we had much lower specialty fluid bills and heat transfer fluids. And those two sort of offset each other.  Ag was its own unique dynamic, right? So year-over-year, there's still destocking relative to last year, so demand's down. But we did see more-than-expected sequential improvement in ag demand from Q4 to Q1, which was just less -- it turns out they didn't need to destock as much as they thought. They had confidence about the ag season this year. So in North America, I would say, destocking is over.  There is still some residual destocking, competitive dynamics for our customers, not us, but for our customers, going on in Latin America. So there's still some of that destocking to come to an end in the future. But the vast majority of our business is focused on North America. So for us, we're feeling pretty good about the ag business and how it played out.  Regarding AM, we had a very strong recovery in the durable space. So sequentially, sort of durables were up 15% from Q4. They're up significantly relative to last year. So that was a great improvement. We saw also shrink in cosmetics sequentially grows. Shrink, up 15% and cosmetics also had a good sequential growth. So those were all good, but there's still a lot of destocking offsetting some of that growth in medical. That's still going on.  And there's a tough comp on the performance film side. Last year, we had a very strong loading of channels in China orders. And with the auto markets basically being flat globally, but down in China, the demand was not nearly as good in performance films this year as it was last year against that tough comp. And the interlayer part was sort of flattish with builds. 
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, we're extremely happy to have Advanced Materials back on a track of sort of recovering out of an extremely bad demand environment and getting back on track to deliver very attractive growth and very attractive margins for our owners.  At the end of '22 and '23 was obviously sort of the worst demand environment we've ever seen. When you think about how demand came off and that we had over 5 quarters of destocking, along with very low demand in all the discretionary markets, whether it be B&C or durables or even destocking in great markets like medical, I mean, we clearly didn't -- every market destocked out except for auto through the entire year last year. So the volume/mix headwind -- because those were also the highest value markets, was pretty significant. So getting volume back, which is just destocking this year. Remember, we're not guessing any improvement in this forecast for end market growth in the discretionary markets. We're going to, as we've guided, start recovering earnings in a pretty substantial way versus last year.  So as you look forward into '25 and '26, we believe we'll certainly get back above where we were in 2021 and continue to grow from that, right? So we don't have any market growth yet in this outlook for this year. So that's upside as the markets stabilize and recover. You've got just getting started on the Kingsport methanolysis plant where the asset utilization is quite low and the volumes are not that high this year. So you've got the fill-out of that plant creating a lot of value so that you can take that $75 million to $150 million of EBITDA and that still has additional upside from there, but that's just in '25.  We've got wins going on in our traditional innovation model in other parts of Specialty Plastics that's creating growth. We've got circular economy driven growth in eyewear with our renew recycled loop for all the eyewear companies. And you've got automotive continuing to deliver innovative growth above market. They'll do that this year, and they'll keep doing that as we go forward.  So you've got all these different sources of volume growth that help get back above [ 21 ] and keep going. You've got asset utilization tailwinds that will come with us, especially in the methanolysis plant, which is a pretty large chunk of new costs into this year relative to last year and then leveraging that.  I would say, on the spread side, I would assume things to be relatively neutral. So we got our margins to an attractive level to support investment in this business from some of the challenges that we had as we caught up to inflation. And prices will probably come off a bit over time in line with how raw material and energy costs are coming off a bit.  So I would say, as you think about the modeling, I wouldn't assume an expansion or contraction in spreads. I would assume that we've got attractive margins now and you're leveraging all that volume against those margins to create a pretty attractive earnings growth. 
Mark Costa: Yes. The model of this business has always been growing above end markets because you're winning in applications relative to some other material, right? And that's been true for Tritan forever as well as our copolyesters. So I'll just give you a couple of examples. One, we're growing a lot in hydration bottles in China. It wasn't a market for us. They're using Tritan, and we're seeing growth in those kind of products. We're seeing -- getting into a broader set of applications with Black & Decker on their tools. Their first launch with Tritan was really successful and now they're expanding into a broader set of tools. We have a new product for shrink packaging that's patented. That is a recycled code 1 product, so it's fully recyclable where the historical products were not. So that's gaining a lot of traction for us both in volume and margin as we just win with a more recyclable product. Obviously, recycled content would add more value to it.  So there's always these wins we have in all kinds of places in the portfolio that sort of has allowed us to deliver attractive growth. And as much as we're very excited about methanolysis, and that is a huge prior of capital deployment and innovation effort, we wanted to remind investors that our core model is still active and winning business every day, and we're adding methanolysis on top of that. 
Mark Costa: I'd say on the margin, there's probably a bit of restocking that's occurring. I mean it's almost impossible to really know the answer to that question. When you get into destocking or restocking, your customers are not exactly that clear on what's going on. But I can definitely point to a few examples where Red Sea logistics concerns would cause some -- has caused some customers to buy ahead of that risk in a few places, as an example.  But at this stage, I think it's really hard to call lack of destocking, a little bit of restocking or maybe even a little bit of market growth. I mean there's just no way to know precisely what that is. But I can tell you, it's not a material driver of our earnings at this stage based on what we know from the customers. We're not seeing large orders come in where people are restocking in some sort of noticeable way. 
Mark Costa: I think it's too early to tell on the sort of premiums associated with decarbonization. It's very clear, people are willing to pay premiums for recycled content. It has very -- like product safety, plastic waste in the environment is a very emotional issue for consumers, and they're really, really not happy about it. And so they're not happy with the brands about it, and they're putting pressure on their politicians to address it.  Carbon is still not exactly clear what premiums people are going to get for just decarbonization. So I think there's upside as -- as it becomes a cost to carbon as policies start getting implemented on that front, but we're not assuming any premiums associated with the carbon side of things in our core economics. But we are going to -- we are, as we go forward with this project now that it's very compelling, see what the value is with consumers on that front -- I mean, with the brands. 
Mark Costa: Sure. So I think it's easiest to sort of separate our revenue portfolio between what are stable end markets and what are sort of discretionary end markets. The stable end markets have consistently sort of grown through 2019 to now at very modest rates, call it, 2% to 3%, whether it's medical, personal care, et cetera, those kind of markets.  But there was a dislocation that even in those markets, there was destocking last year that played out, depending on the market 1, 2, 3 quarters to sort of finish their destocking in those markets. And then they've reconnected back to sort of demand and are growing again, which is true for this year, medical being sort of the worst, ag and medical being the most stable markets that had the biggest destocking because of fears of not having inventory in '21 and '22.  On the discretionary markets, as everyone knows by looking at housing data or automotive build data, well, harder to see it but appliances, electronics, et cetera, same story. Demand is, relative to 2019, not great. We're at a 28-year low in existing home sales in the United States. B&C construction in China is off dramatically, still -- and also a lot in Europe. So B&C prior demand is extremely challenged.  When you think about the materials world, existing home sales to something -- to Eastman is more important than new homes, because of all the appliances, electronics, more painting, et cetera. So that market is very challenged. It will come back. It's obviously, I don't think coming back this year, but that's upside to getting back to what is normal from where we are now and then growing from there. So there's a pretty big gap there relative to '19. When it comes to auto, same thing, there's a huge backlog of increasingly older cars that need to be replaced around the world. And first is semiconductors limiting the ability for consumers to buy cars, then interest rates now slowing down the rate of buying cars, but the demand for that will certainly recover and be a significant amount of upside for us. Same thing with durables, big shift to service lifestyle post COVID. At some point, people rebalance back to some blend of buying material, discretionary items and seeing Taylor Swift.  So I think that all those are still well below sort of '19 levels in one form or fashion relative to where they should be. So as you look at this year, and the way our guidance is built, all we have is a lack of destocking, some innovation-driven growth, starting to deliver real value out of methanolysis, stable markets being okay.  And all that recovery that I just described is upside to '25 and '26. I'm not about to tell you which year it's going to happen, but there's certainly a lot of upside in places that are most challenged are also our highest value markets from a margin per unit basis. So as those markets went down, it was a significant headwind. As those markets come back, it's going to be a significant tailwind. 
Mark Costa: I don't have that answer for you and that -- at a sort of integrated company basis. We look at everything on a market-by-market basis. And so what I told you is sort of how to view it. Half the revenue is very stable and growing. Half the revenue has a huge amount of upside at very high value. And I'm not going to try and quantify that on a weighted average basis. 
Mark Costa: If you do look at it on a historical comp basis, it's more compelling because we sold off $175 million of EBITDA in adhesives and tires and used the proceeds of that to reduce share count, basically neutralizing what we sold off in the EBITDA. So when you get to an EPS level, the leverage of that EBITDA number that Willie just told you is much more significant on the EPS and stock price basis. 
Mark Costa: I'd just add, AFP also has growth. We're an exceptionally low level of heat transfer fluid fills this year. We have a clear order book to that $30 million drop from '23 to '24 to recover that as we go into '25, not to mention B&C having any kind of market recovery would be upside. So there's upside in AFP, there's a lot of upside in AM, stability in Fibers, CI's at the bottom of the market. So at some point, start coming off of that and recovering from a spread point of view. So there's multiple ways you sort of combine that together to get to growth next year versus this year. 
Mark Costa: So this is a large-scale project and aggregating feedstock from a wider range than just France, given the state of the current infrastructure in Europe for collection and sortation is the appropriate thing to do, right? France is a huge opportunity to improve in collections and sortation. It's part of why they want to really support this project.  Currently, we have about 70% of our feedstock under contract, which is a mixture of France, Germany, at least Spain, as you noted. The logistics costs were always factored into our economics for this approach to the marketplace, so that's all built in. But the last 30% is not signed because we want to work with the French government and the local municipalities across France to sort of get that feedstock closer in as they develop that infrastructure.  So that's sort of where we want to go. That's why we're not signing up for any more from other places, because we're focusing on how to get more out of France for that last remainder. But that's all built in, and the actual logistics cost per kg is not significant in the economics for this plant. 
Mark Costa: On a full year basis, it gets a little complicated when you're doing -- looking at sequential and year-over-year numbers for this. The volume is relatively flat to last year when you look at it on a full year basis. 
William McLain: The depreciable life, you can just think about around 20 years for the Kingsport facility. And honestly, that would be true for each of the large circular recycling plants that we're building. 
William McLain: Thanks for the question. Just as a reminder, as we've highlighted earlier, we're on a pathway to the $75 million in incremental EBITDA. I would point out, obviously, in 2023, we had a net investment in the other and an expense of roughly about $25 million. So you can think about EBITDA growing from roughly consuming 25 to about 50 positive for the year.  As we've highlighted, it took us a little longer to start up here in Q1, and that's the reason that other ran over on the EBIT view. As we transition into the second half, we expect mostly all of the EBITDA growth to occur in the second half, and that would be primarily within Advanced Materials, and that's also why you see our confidence in the range that we provided for AM overall. As I look at it in total, basically, the EBITDA is still about 2/3 Advanced Materials, 1/3 in other for the full year.  On the margin basis question, I would say it's above segment average margins on both EBITDA and EBIT basis in Advanced Materials. 
William McLain: Patrick, thanks for the question. The DOE program, as it's designed, basically provides a series of cash payments based on what we negotiate there that basically is providing an investment offset to the CapEx as we move along. So yes, the way I look at it is a direct offset to the capital. Basically, it will be progress payments across the almost 3 years of construction. So you've got that matching. And it's up to $375 million, as we've talked about.  We're currently negotiating those exact terms of the award, but we're targeting to have a lot of sight to that over the next 3 to 6 months. And it is definitely an offset to the additional -- as we talk about thermal batteries, as we think about the green energy source that this will offset that as well as the additional inflation on that. So it's back to -- and we're confident that we'll have greater than 12% returns on the project. 
William McLain: Yes. So what I would just say is we're confident that we can keep a strong investment grade balance sheet through that. You're seeing that as we updated our guidance on capital this year of being $700 million to $750 million, and expecting share repurchases of $200 million to $300 million.  And as Mark has outlined, we've always been agile between our growth investments and then using any excess cash for bolt-ons, and then returning cash to shareholders. We will continue to be disciplined in that capital allocation, and we expect to generate the cash flow to fund our strategy. 
William McLain: Mike, let me start with last year, we had $1.6 billion of EBITDA. This year, our guidance is at $1.8 billion. And what I would say, as we've talked about normalized, that's going to be north of $2 billion. As we think about adding $150 million to $200 million for the Kingsport plant, that puts us in that $2.4 billion range. And then there's upside as we think about adding the Longview project and the France project on top of that. But we're obviously highly focused right now on delivering the growth in Advanced Materials and Additives & Functional Products with the investments we've done to date. As Mark just highlighted, from an end market, ultimately, we're leveraged to a recovery in the economy now that the destocking is substantially behind us. And that's what we're focused on delivering. 
William McLain: Yes. I think you framed it well, and I think it fits into the end market lens and the leverage to the volume growth that we've seen since 2019, which is it's basically been roughly flat to slightly negative since that timeline at the corporate level and the volume/mix line. With the combination of Advanced Materials and the leverage, we talked about how that volume/mix drops to the bottom line with the fixed cost structure that we've had in combination with the growth. In the back half of this year, we see that leverage for the application growth as well as the back half EBITDA growth for the methanolysis facility.  When we look into growth in 2025, we've talked about another $75 million of EBITDA growth from methanolysis and the application wins that we'll have there as well as we're at solidifying our contract structure on Fibers. So you can consider that stable in this period. And we will have growth as ag recovers, as building and construction recovers and AFP. And I would say we're at sort of trough levels in the intermediate space. So 10% growth at the midpoint is reasonable as we go forward. 
William McLain: On the volume, what I would say is -- there's only -- we've talked about Naia growing, and we expect that to grow on the -- as the date front, we would expect, I'll call it, flat to modestly down, but we also provide intermediates and flake, and we would expect that's where some of the volume would be declining. 
