Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Tricia, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'll cover 3 items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for third quarter and full year 2011. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's second quarter 2011 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for first quarter 2011 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for second quarter 2011.  Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call, and in the slides accompanying the call, will be non-GAAP financial measures, including earnings per share and operating earnings that exclude restructuring related charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of the restructuring-related items are available in our second quarter 2011 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the news release.  Lastly, we posted the slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors.eastman.com, and you'll find those in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Gregory Riddle: I'd just add one thing. You've got Genovique. You have a full quarter of Genovique in the second quarter of 2011. You only had it partially in second quarter 2010.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us this morning. A web replay, a replay in a downloadable MP3 format and the accompanying slides for this conference call will available on our website from 11 a.m. this morning. Thanks, again. Have a great day.
James Rogers: PCI did have another great quarter even though it didn't get all the bump you would have expected from the spread. And give me a chance to make one comment. I think, probably, those outside the company underestimate just how much work we've done in developing our downstream products and our derivatives. And these are more stable, they don't bounce around the same. I tried to talk about how you don't capture the spread every day when you're dealing with derivatives. So it's not like we're just pushing propylene out the door. So that's part of it. I expect a more stable business, where you give up some of the upside and the spread widens, but you don't move down 100% when the spread tightens either. Asia was a part of it. We, actually, had our Singapore site down for a few days, planned but still down, in Asia. We talked about the softening in the oxos and butanol 2-EH NPG. That was more in June. I said it's stabilizing here in July. Frankly, you never know if it was just inventories that the customers are moving around or if there was really in demand. We really just don't have that kind visibility. I can just tell you it's not continuing to decline. And we did have an unplanned outage with one of our crackers in Texas. And that nipped us a little bit in the second quarter as well, and that happened in June. Just for a little bit update on that, we're obviously checking that several times a day. We have brought it back up. It's running about 85%. This was a vibration issue, by the way. So it's one of those things, where it takes a little more time, you want to do it safely. But it's back up to 85%, which is a good thing, because at that level, we can go ahead and do the turnaround we wanted to on our cracker 4. And we'll be doing that one shortly here in a week or 2. And when that -- when cracker 4 comes back up at a turnaround, it'll have more capacity. And it's been running at probably about 85% as well. So a little hiccup there on the crackers that nipped us a little bit in the second quarter. We're going to feel that again in the third quarter like we talked about, and a little will dribble into the fourth quarter even potentially. But overall, I mean, I can't -- I don't have a lot to complain about. That business has just been going great guns. And just a final word on that, when you try and tie it to the spread, PCI's performance, some of that's just plain coincidence. I mean, there's a lot to PCI, when you talk about their plasticizer business, good margins, good growth. You think about their acetyl business, et cetera. So as I look at PCI, even though it's the most cyclical part of Eastman, we're trying to continually take that out and move more product downstream. So I'm sorry, it's a long answer to your question, but I want to get all that color and about the cracker.
James Rogers: So -- but let me add this too. Because we haven't closed on the deal yet, so we can talk more when we actually own it, but I'm glad we found this one. I mean Eastman, in my mind, is clearly highest and best owner of this business. We can pay very good price to their current shareholders. And yet, because we have kind of a particular way of using the assets that they were not running, I think we can create quite a bit of value for the Eastman shareholders as well.
James Rogers: Yes. Let me hop in there. So I mentioned the oxos just a minute ago. They were all -- so I'd say the solvents in CASPI were probably the other area. By the way, don't let me portray this like Asia had a bad month in June. It actually, overall, had a very good month. A bright spot, for example, would be Specialty Plastics, which have taken this opportunity to really upgrade their mix in Asia. So I mean, they got volume pretty much around the globe, but in Asia, they were also able to get price and really value up from the products they were selling. And that's just what you would expect to do in a tight market. But the places where things were slowing down was really solvents and then on the oxo side. And like I say, we've see that stabilize in July, which may lead you to think, maybe it was just, forgive me, inventory maneuvering. But I can't say that for sure, because it could have had some final demand influencing that as well.
James Rogers: Yes. Well, as you might imagine, we talked about that internally as well. I mean, again, a couple of things go through my mind. We had a really strong first quarter. I know that there were price increases, April 1, that probably pulled some Q2 sales into March. At least we know that now. March was incredibly strong. So typically, you're right. I would have looked for a little more. But again, we had debt softness in Asia, we had a strong first quarter, fantastic results still in all the businesses. I mean, when guys are setting a record, it's hard to beat them up. So I'm not concerned by that at all. I can see the business model for each of these 4 businesses is intact. I have high degree of confidence in our ability to perform the way we are predicting.
James Rogers: Well, it's -- again, it was only in a couple of areas. When we say stabilizing, we're just saying it's not declining. In other words, the orders are coming back in. I'm not -- the reason I used the word stabilizing is because it's not back to the level it was before we saw the downtick, but it's not continuing down. So that's really all I mean. And I hope people don't read too much into this. I know everyone's looking for indications of how China's doing across broad markets. I'll just tell you that our China -- our earnings in China in June were very strong. But we had these 2 areas we wanted to point out. Because I know everyone's looking for the canary in the coal mine when it comes to China. So that's really all it was. So I don't want you to read too much into it. We just want to share with you that oxo market was loose, and it seems to be stabilizing. And the solvents market which, of course, would affect coatings. It was also weaker demand and -- but we've seen that stabilize.
James Rogers: And we didn't have the cracker running at all in the second quarter of 2010. We brought that up end of the year.
James Rogers: No, we should be clear on that. The technology that runs there is owned by BP. We will simply be tolling that asset for them. I mean, I'll just make a joke, and that's part of the reason BP is comfortable with us running those assets, because they trust us. They know that we'll respect that wall.
James Rogers: Just to jump in on that, I mean -- and to speak about spreads more broadly. It gives me a chance to brag on, once again, the business. I mean, when we started the second quarter, we were guessing that we would have maybe $35 million to $40 million increase in raw material costs across the whole company. Remember, first quarter over fourth, we had $75 million increase in raw material costs. We had close to $100 million increase in raw material costs second quarter over first quarter, and yet, we still managed to hold on to our spread through all that.
James Rogers: It's really market by market, but if I'm going stay true to my words, there's several places where we're really not pricing off that propylene. As its derivatives get further downstream, you refer to it less and less. But obviously, the same way we can move price when the raws go up, we may have to move price when it goes down. I continue to reemphasize that what we focus on is spread.
James Rogers: To be clear, the $25 million we specifically called out was additional shutdown costs from the planned and unplanned second half versus first half. But having said that, you're not far off on the cost of the unplanned, when you pick up a little bit in the second quarter and what came in the second half. I'll let Curt give you as best we can.
James Rogers: But the unplanned typically gets split between PCI getting the biggest piece of that cost. Because what you're doing is you're buying propylene instead of making it, and CASPI would be next. And Specialty Plastics even picks with $0.01 or $0.02 of that. So it would mainly be felt in PCI, but CASPI, what also get a pretty good share.
James Rogers: They've always had a bit of seasonality, I think. I can go back and check the numbers. Part of that, too, is when you have just such a strong first half. As I look at it, I understand some of the things that are going on. And, again, it is harder for you to see. So we know we're going to be shutting down some of our assets to tie in these capacity expansions. I know in many of the markets they're pretty much sold out, and so it's all a matter of improving mix and we did a lot of that in the first half. But third quarter's not going to be off by much from second quarter. And then the fourth quarter for this company, everything seems to always come off some, which is just what we've learned to deal with. And Specialty Plastic's no exception.
James Rogers: Yes. I'm glad you asked -- I mean, because I know I mentioned that last time. You might think, what in the devil were you guys doing? So there's a couple of smaller things we can do. What we did -- let me back up. We did put a team in place to look at this. While it's not huge for Eastman, it's still -- it's a nice goodie we have, that we have these crackers down in Texas. And so we put a team in place to look at how we optimize that. You know that -- I think, we got out ahead of the crowd in restarting the cracker when we did, since it was online even last year. There's a couple of smaller things that we can do. Smaller projects, smaller meaning that it may add $10 million to $20 million in earnings. 30% plus kind of returns. Those are the kind of things we're going to get started on right away, and they'll start to kick in towards the end of next year, I guess, you would say. We'll see how we do, probably towards the end of next year. On the bigger issues about just restarting the one cracker that's down. Our view of the markets and such is that it's going to make sense for us to do something of size, let me put it that way. And whenever I say of size, meaning I got to go to my board to get them to approve it. Starting the cracker would be of size. But there's more than one option on what that bigger thing would do. So we're doing some of that preliminary work to pick which of the bigger things we'd like to do. And, of course, I will throw the caveat out there. It depends also what else you're doing with your cash in terms of what you go ahead with. But my instinct says, yes, we're going to do the small ones, they'll be good for us. And they'll probably something bigger we'll do as well. And we'll try and update you on that before year end.
James Rogers: Yes. And Curt may want to chime in, although we usually work pretty well behind on this. We continue to think we can put money to work. I mean, you heard much cash Curt said he had. And all these - I'd like to remind people, all these earnings forecasts and stuff we do, there's always upside, in terms of how else we can push this cash to work. So I'd say the pipeline is looking pretty good to me in terms of having options. We can actually start to choose between what we go after, as compared to maybe 1.5 year, 2 years ago. It was hard to find something that someone wanted to shake loose. You see the size of ones we've done. We could do bigger than the $100 million, $150 million, but the truth is, the sweet spot in the pipeline for where you get the most ideas and can drive the value you want is probably those small to midsized bolt-ons that fit with one of our businesses. But I always say, I reserve all my rights. If we were to do something bigger, it would have to be exceptionally good, and it would have to be kind of a no-brainer for the Street. But the odds are that what we're getting done are the small- to medium-sized bolt-ons. And so we've got Sterling that we're trying to get closed. And I would expect we'll have more announcements before year end.
James Rogers: It's usually the other way around. And it has to do with the more dominant impact of the pricing on the products, driven by the higher propylene versus the amount that we actually buy.
James Rogers: We make 2/3, and we buy 1/3. We had stayed a little bit because we've had some cracker issues. So we've been buying a little more propylene than we'd like to have to buy lately. But we're typically in the 60%, 70% -- in the 70% make and 30% to 33% buy.
James Rogers: It's a typical turnaround. And those are usually 10 days to 2 weeks if you do it well. And I would expect we'll do it well.
James Rogers: Well, again, I'm not sure how familiar you are with us. But we're -- when you think acetyls, if you're thinking acid, that's not really all that important to us. So we're more of the anhydride and derivative kind of player. And those prices had been good. Obviously, I mean, if you'd -- well, I just said how much cost went up quarter-over-quarter, $100 million. And we held out our spread across the company. So I'd say the pricing we've been able to get is in line with what was in the roster.
James Rogers: Well judging by the results, I'd say, we're doing okay. I mean, they just had a record quarter. So I know, Jeff, you know how we do it, that it's an annual pricing -- typically annual pricing. But the pulp is set -- is also set annually. So if you read in the month-to-month gyrations and viscous pulp, which isn't ours -- in the pulp market our pricing and our costs are pretty much locked in. The one thing that can move around a little bit is coal, because we do start with coal. But if you look at what percent of our cost, that is small. So overall, I'd say, yes. We did okay when it came to covering our cost supplies.
James Rogers: Well, obviously, we told you what we think. We think we're going to do about $340. I mean, I guess, we're looking at -- what we can see that you can't see is volume by quarter, where it comes out of. I can tell you, for example, when we run Korea full-- Korea, as good as it is, is a little higher cost than, say, Kingsport would be. So the mix can move around, too, a little bit that you can't see so well. But overall, we feel good about the business, Jeff. I mean, we're selling all the total we can make. And I think those are pretty good results reported.
James Rogers: Not really. Maybe I should be, given that all the conversation people are having around us. But I mean, again I, look at PCI, they got a nice acetyl stream. They have a great Plasticizer business. We are -- whatever the spreads, even if they come in some and remember that was our indication, that was our expectation, second half, they would come in some. We factored that into when we gave our guidance. So obviously, if it does a lot more. I mean, we'll feel it. But again, I don't think you should see us move around quite the same as someone who is just stopping at that point in the value chain and selling out the propylene or ethylene.
James Rogers: I'm going to let Curt help you. But I would say, first half to second half to come off is not unusual. Remember that we're going to eat most of the pain on the unplanned shutdown in this quarter, so -- but Curt, I don't know what color you want to give.
James Rogers: So you would see PCI and CASPI probably come off the most. I'm guessing, you'd see Fibers and Specialty Plastics, just was come off a little bit.
James Rogers: I'm not looking at it that way. I mean, we'll see what the guys can do. But I think they actually did a good job of price versus the raws. So it's not like, I think they're lagging on the raw materials, when they have 20% margin or so, I believe. And that's -- I think they're pretty much there. The place where there's probably the most pricing power is -- one of the tightest markets is in the adhesives or the resins part of CASPI, extremely tight right now, and not necessarily any relief coming anytime soon in terms of capacity, other than we're expanding on Middleburg site.
James Rogers: CASPI is a running a fairly high utilization, again, the resins piece, for example, is way up there. I mean, basically, if we can make it work, we can sell it. So we're trying to make all we can. Let me use your question, Frank, to talk about utilization across the whole company. I mean, this is one of the things that most people don't understand. They think, "Well, gee, aren't you running out of capacity?" I went back and looked at the numbers, and first quarter, we ran around 90%. We run a little higher this quarter, but what's interesting is even though we had 9% more volume year-over-year, our utilization was a point less than it was a year ago. So between adding the cracker, the capacity creep we get, the acquisition we did, we find some way to get fairly high single-digit volume growth, and yet we didn't have to use up capacity utilization. Let's put it that way. So the parts of the company that are running hard right now are acetyls, which of course, affects a lot of CASPI. The olefins is down, you might say artificially down, because of the unplanned shutdown we had. So olefins would be 10 points lower utilization rates, say, than acetyls. But overall, company running at pretty good utilization rate. But as I said last time, there's more capacity in most of our markets.
James Rogers: He always uses all his rights to do what he wants to do with his cash based upon the opportunities he sees.
James Rogers: Well I appreciate the advice. I appreciate you being a shareholder. I try not to think day-to-day, but I haven't had a chance to go look and see what's happening in the market.
James Rogers: Well, you would have thought record earnings -- let me use your comment. And I appreciate what you're saying. And as a CEO, it always falls on deaf ears, if I complain about my evaluation. But I love the quality of earnings we just turned out. For some crazy reason, people would have been happier, if it come in this material spread as compared to coming across all 4 our businesses driven by the value proposition of our products in the marketplace. So I think we have high quality of earnings. I think sometimes it just takes the market a while to realize what they've got.
Curtis Espeland: Well, if you look at the Sterling acquisition, there's a few components of the startup of the plasticizer that we still have to work out. And we've got to close the transaction first before we can work out those final details. So right now, I'd just say, it is going to be sometime in 2012. From the sizing of that asset, I mean, 2 components. One, it does have an ascetic acid business. I'd call that roughly $100 million of revenue. And I think when the PGS that comes up in the sum and it could add over a couple of hundred million dollars in revenue.
Curtis Espeland: Well, when you think about the volumes for PCI, if there's a cracker issue, it doesn't mean we don't sell the same volume. We just end up having to buy some of our raw materials rather than making the raw materials.
Curtis Espeland: Well if you look at -- if you're talking, specifically, second quarter -- and I'd say second quarter over first quarter, we saw roughly a $15 million benefit from the improvement of spreads and that could split roughly 60-40, 50-50 depending on propylene or ethylene. But that's how you split it between PCI and CASPI. As Jim mentioned, in PCI that benefit was offset by some other factors, driving sales and offset -- CASPI have some offset as well.
Curtis Espeland: I mean, it gets across to various businesses. I mean, as you know, a chemical company like Eastman does have planned shutdowns. If I look at first half of the year, we had probably less than $20 million of costs associated with shutdowns. That would have been the Singapore plant Jim talked about, et cetera. If we look at the second half of the year, we knew there'd be some planned shutdown costs greater than what we saw in the first half, just because we have shutdowns in the fourth quarter tied with our capacity works, and the like. And that's -- an example's Ireland.
Curtis Espeland: Jeff, I mean, if I had to predict the waterfall, and we'll see how the third quarter plains out. But again, one of the factors is just some of the unplanned maintenance cost associated with shutdowns Jim mentioned. In addition, as we talk about -- we expect the propylene/propane spreads to come back in relative to the peaks of the second quarter. So those were 2 key factors and then some of the seasonal volume decline as Jim mentioned.
Curtis Espeland: Well we have reduced share count as you have pointed out. I think if you just look through 6 months, our actual share count's down 700,000 shares. You don't see it quite yet in the fully diluted share count, because of some of the timing and when the purchases occurred versus some of the options exercised. If I look about the repurchase level that we're going to have, I know you're probably tired of this phrase, but we're going to continue to do it at a measured pace and continue to more than offset the dilution, as we ramp up the year.
