Gregory Riddle: Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager-Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's third quarter 2016 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for second quarter 2016 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for third quarter 2016. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures including a description of the excluded items, are available in the third quarter 2016 financial results news release. You can find this on our website at www.eastman.com in the Investor section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core unusual or nonrecurring items. With that, I will turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible so please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. With that, Ron, we are ready for questions.
Gregory Riddle: Great. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Mark Costa: Good morning, everyone. I'll start on slide three. I'll begin my comments by reviewing our strategic highlights for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2016. We continued to upgrade the quality of our product mix by growing high-margin specialty product lines, a key component of our winning strategy. And I have increasing confidence about the breadth and depth of our innovation portfolio which is significantly more compelling today than it was three years ago. One of our recent innovation successes is within our tire resins platform in the Additives and Functional Products segment. Tire manufacturers face a significant challenge in improving fuel efficiency while maintaining traction safety. Eastman is uniquely qualified to meet this challenge. We are the world leader in resin technology chemistry. I'm pleased to report that we have gained commercial approval with a major tire producer for two new proprietary products and are in the process of sampling a full range of resins with selected innovation partners. So far this year the tire resins platform has delivered approximately 20% volume growth over 2015 with margins above the corporate average. This is a great example of revenue synergy from the Solutia acquisition combining a strong market connect and application development capability with our resin technology platform. Moving next to our capital projects that support our specialty growth. We are leveraging our unique innovation capabilities and investing for long-term growth where it counts. From Tritan to inter-layers to Crystex, we are the world leader in both process technology and product offerings and are winning through our innovation platforms. We are walking the talk with our investments in growth and specialty products and seeing the results. We are therefore driving hard to complete these capital projects to support our growth. All three of these projects are on target to finish on or well below budget which demonstrates our competitive advantage through best-in-class engineering, construction and operational capabilities. In a slow growth world, we are creating our own growth and investing capital smartly. We also are proving that we can drive innovation while managing costs aggressively. We remain well on track with our cost reduction efforts to deliver $100 million to the bottom line in 2016 without sacrificing our investment in long-term growth initiatives. These efforts include implementation of hundreds of projects across our global footprint. One example is the successful initiative recently completed by our process control team. We were able to utilize a plant loader program associated with our largest cracker in Longview, Texas. The initiative increased feed efficiency saving almost $2 million in cost. This is a great example of how our significant scale and integration at our two largest sites provide us a unique competitive advantage where we have dedicated experts in a wide range of specialized operational disciplines. We also leverage these experts across the globe to optimize performance in the smaller manufacturing sites from our acquisitions to our sites we have had for a long time. In addition, we remain on track to execute our second cost-reduction initiative this quarter which we expect will deliver an additional $100 million to the bottom line in 2017. Productivity is a core capability at Eastman. Over the past five years, we removed almost $700 million in cost to offset inflation and deliver results to the bottom line while maintaining our commitment to quality, reliability and safety. We are continuing to innovate throughout our enterprise in product development, in how we think about manufacturing, and our approach to productivity across all of our functions. All of these areas will contribute to our strong growth going forward. With that I will turn it over to Curt to discuss corporate and segment results.
Mark Costa: We will let Curt handle that question. I just want to add before he does that, we are really excited about getting back to this path of earnings growth. We feel great about all the levers in front of us to get there and certainly expect it to improve our cash.
Mark Costa: Sure, David. We are seeing traction in getting price increases in September and into October as the propylene and ethylene markets have strengthened, that has put pressure across the globe and played out as we expected in our second-quarter call. We saw that our competitors especially the Asians setting price on a lot of these products on a global basis. We are starting to hit their cost positions and as oil strengthened and their raw material cost, who often purchase propylene, ethylene was going up, they would face pressured increased prices and that is what we are seeing. So it is very encouraging to actually see prices go up for once. It has been a long time. We do expect that momentum to continue as we go through the fourth quarter and carry into next year but obviously that will depend a bit on the raw material environment. So we will have to see where oil and olefin prices go. But we are happy to see the change in the direction and some traction right now.
Mark Costa: We are making great progress on both our Crystex and our PVB plants in Kuantan and driving hard to get those up in the back half of next year. And as I said, they are on track and we are excited. Customers around our new Crystex product that we are producing off of this new process technology are very excited and we are feeling pressure to get the plant up as quickly as we can to serve this new interest in the better performing product. The growth rates have largely been fantastic so we need to get the plant up to keep our growth. In regards to Advanced Materials, they are just having a phenomenal year like they had a phenomenal year last year and it is really proof of our strategy we have been talking about for the last five years. We said we we're going to drive growth through innovation and that is what we are doing. In Tritan, in heads-up display and acoustic inter-layers and our performance films business all delivering double-digit growth and driving not just the sort of overall volume growth but the mix upgrade with all those products growing at such high rates with above segment and above company average margins. So it is just a good story, it is really very little of it is a raw material tailwind and what is driving the results which gives us confidence that it will sustain going forward. And obviously third quarter was a quarter where everything just ran really well. We had good volume, good mix. The plants run incredibly well. One of the challenges in these kind of businesses where you are making such a physical product is you have yield and quality issues and we just had a really clean quarter in how we ran the plants.
Mark Costa: Sure. So first of all, this portfolio is a great set of specialty businesses, tremendous additives that add a lot of functionality across our customers in coatings, tires, adhesives and animal nutrition, crop, etc. It is just a great business of unique additives. So we view it as a business that will continue to grow. As you look at the pricing which I think is the key question and how it has come off, prices have really stabilized since the second quarter so we did a great job of holding onto raw material value at the beginning of last year, started giving some of it back in the third quarter but really started giving it back in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of this year as we decided to share value with our customers. But those prices have stabilized. Really didn't have much sequential decline in prices at all from second-quarter into the third-quarter this year and we expect the same sort of stability as we go into the fourth quarter. You will see that even on a year-over-year basis, January as you see the trends in the fourth quarter. So that feels very stable to us an appropriate. We actually expect prices probably to start moving up in the coatings area especially on the olefin related products. The specialties are a little slower on prices on the way down. They are also slower on the way up. So Chemical Intermediates has already started to move on the pricing front and we expect as we go into next year, those prices on the specialty related products will also start to move up with these current market conditions. That all feels directionally correct to me. I think the important point is how you sustain these margins and continue to deliver growth over the long-term. It is easy to hold onto prices when raws drop but if you do that too aggressively and not share some of it with your customers you really create a problem with those customers being engaged and working with you on any future renovation. I think we have struck the right balance here and we are seeing that in the proof of our innovation successes. We are just having tremendous success throughout the AFP portfolio with innovation. Our Polyester Coatings is doing tremendously well, we talked to you about that in the first-quarter call and we have gone from three to 10 customers aggressively working with us on how to commercialize our product and take it to market. We are seeing great success in the tire resins that I just told you about. We're seeing great success in the Aerafin olefin products that I told you about in the second quarter call that go with the adhesive resins. We continue to see great traction in our low odor coalescence. So across the portfolio you are seeing a lot of innovation, a lot of traction. And as I said before, this is a little bit slower in getting started than Advanced Materials but as you look at the next three years, you are going to see all of these innovation programs driving growth and mix improvement here just like what we are doing at Advanced Materials. What I love is we are proving across the board that we can deliver growth and innovation, we can create our own growth. We are not waiting for the economy to get better and that is the story you are going to see us deliver over the next three years.
Mark Costa: We expect AFP to show good earnings growth next year as a combination of modest market volume growth. We are not assuming an improving economy next year just to be clear but we do assume there is an economy growing somewhat. So we will get some volume growth, we will get some mix improvement through the innovation. We will certainly see some benefits of the hedge but remember 80% of the hedge benefit flows to Chemical Intermediates so it is modest here. And of course the broader cost management programs, a certain amount of that benefit is going to flow into this segment.
Mark Costa: Sure, Frank. We obviously spend an extensive amount of time talking about what is going on in the fibers business from demand trends to competitive behavior. And I think I provided quite a long soliloquy on this one in the second quarter call. So I will try and be sort of brief on it now. Bottom line is you've got a situation where demand situations weakened across the globe, specifically the imports in China and that has created pressure on pricing. And what we are seeing right now is that pricing pressure play out into the 2017 timeframe. Our objective is we can just keep the business stable. That has been our objective from the beginning. We took capacity out in the UK as we added capacity in China and we also exited some flake capacity as well. On the pricing front, we have attempted to be as stable as we can be on the pricing. Unfortunately we got pushed pretty aggressively on some of our competitors trying to take share from us outside of China. And all we are trying to do is defend our share and keep it stable outside of China. We are not trying to recover lost imports in China by taking share outside of China. We think the best way to do that is to get multi-year contracts on volume and price in place with many of our large customers which will provide stability actually from '17 into '18 and '19 as we provide security supply to our customers but also provide security demand to us. So I think that those actions are actually going to put us in the right direction as far as the things we can do to control the outcome in this industry and our performance and we will just have to see how the rest of it plays out.
Mark Costa: On the fibers demand, I will take that one, Jeff. Outside of China, we don't expect any changes in trends where the markets continue to decline 1% to 2% a year which has been true for a long time. Inside China, demand in China is a complicated and opaque question. Right now we have seen some changes in production rate, cigarette productions, where they've taken it down 6% to 7% which is great because I think they are just destocking primarily with those actions. You have to remember the production rates are not equal to primary consumption rates. We do expect that they had trouble destocking cigarettes in '15 and '16 -- I'm sorry, '15 and '14. So I think that we are actually encouraged to see them take the actions to finally address that issue like they are already addressing at the tow inventory level as well. So in some ways I think there is progress to put this behind us. Primary demand is …
Mark Costa: No, no, no. That is not what I said. I said this year we are seeing cigarette production being reduced in China and I think that is destocking. As we look at next year, what we hope is they complete their destocking this year and demand at the production level is stable next year versus this year and that is sort of our assumption at this point. So when you look at next year, I think imports are going to be somewhat stable, they could be a bit off as they finish out some destocking at the cigarette level and we will just have to see how it plays out.
Mark Costa: So in auto demand, it sort of impacts us in multiple places. So in Advanced Materials, which is very OEM driven, we are looking at that. What has been great about our success to date is we are creating a lot of our own earnings growth from mix upgrade in double digit growth in things like acoustics and head-up display as well as a new channel strategy in performance films where we are growing the whole size of the market and our share of it. So even in a slow automotive growth world, we can still deliver growth, it may not be as high as this year but still deliver growth. So I feel good about where we are there. And we see tremendous innovation opportunities continuing out there to add more functionality to the windows as we work with our customers and next-generation of acoustics and head-up display as well as other functionality. So it is just a very robust opportunity for growth. On the Additives and Functional Products side when it comes to coatings and tires, we are more balanced, that is more of a balanced market from refinish or replacement tires than OEM. And so there we are less exposed to sort of OEM trend rates as we are in Advanced Materials. So I think that again we will have some solid growth there and I'm not really worried about the OEM trend rates being a material issue.
Mark Costa: The one thing you should take from us is we are committed to improving the quality of our portfolio and the stability of our earnings. Before it became a trend we were already divesting a lot of underperforming volatile businesses and have done a lot of portfolio transformation as we noted earlier. And we will continue to look at every way we can do it that is practical. But at the end of the day, we are going to focus on shareholder value creation and make sure what we do creates value.
Mark Costa: Good morning, Kevin. We feel good about the margins we have in this business. As I said, we were running incredibly well through the third quarter and did this through volume and mix which in general we view as a very sustainable way to grow earnings over the long-term. It was a clean quarter so there is always some quarters where you are going to have some quality issues and things like that. But I think the margins are sustainable. I would note that the fourth-quarter always does have seasonal decline in volumes and so those margins are always going to be a little bit lower on the fourth quarter basis versus the third.
Mark Costa: Sure. One of the great things about this business is it is a consumer products business where we have direct access to consumers and deliver a wide range of products and we have the best products in the industry. But when we picked up Solutia, their strategy on how to go to market and how to even expand the market was not that sophisticated. So we spent a lot of time rethinking our channel strategies and figured out how to not just go through aftermarket retail shops but develop much more compelling programs through auto dealers in the US which allows us to access an entirely new set of customers that don't show up in an aftermarket tint shop and have been incredibly successful expanding the market and also improving the quality of how we go to market. The same thing true in China. We were doing quite well aftermarket, not as successful in the auto dealerships and have significantly improved our channel strategy to go through the auto dealerships which is a very important channel in China and we are seeing great success. And it is not just going to those channels but how we take the products to market, how we are positioning our value proposition versus our competitors in a more compelling way. It has just been a great story of determined improvement of our go-to-market strategy over the last three years.
Mark Costa: So on the cost curve side there is certainly high and low cost assets in the integrated flake and tow components of the Fibers business. As I have said in the past, we are the lowest cost producer, we are backward integrated in coal, we have the largest scale and we are actually now down to our largest most integrated asset as our only asset here at Tennessee of flake which is matched to our tow capacity here in Tennessee combined with our Korean tow capacity and China. So we are very happy about our cost position. Our competitors are based on either purchased methanol or in hydride in some cases. So some of these assets are certainly exposed to much higher cost position. They picked up some advantage with lower oil today versus where they were. As oil goes up, that cost position is going to become less competitive relative to where we are. There are a number of high cost assets out there that can be shut down by competitors if they ever choose to do so to improve their cost position to serve their customers, and are going to have to see what they choose to do. As the market stabilizes, as we put in stability through these multi-year contracts, it becomes more challenging to figure out how you are going to grow earnings growth and hopefully they will look at those options.
Mark Costa: Since January, we have always assumed a very slow economic growth world and we never assumed that the economy was going to improve. So this sort of 1% to 2% volume range is sort of where we have been and what we have assumed and so there is no real change in our forecast. Based on some of the comments I have seen by a number of customers, it sounds like what they are talking about is they expected stronger growth and now they are sort of moderating back to this slower growth expectation. If that is the case, we are already there in our forecasting and there wouldn't be any challenges for us. The risk though of course is if they have been planning and assuming higher growth, do they have some destocking issues that they have to address in the fourth quarter? We have no evidence from any of our customers that that is happening yet but that is something we will have to keep an eye on.
Mark Costa: Excellent question and I'm glad you asked it. There are other applications so as we saw in 2014 that the world was going to start slowing down and tow demand associated with cigarettes, we started up a team to aggressively look at how to develop new market applications around cellulosics. And we are making tremendous progress on how to reuse these assets into new market applications. Something to keep in mind about Eastman is that we have a 90 year history of innovating when it comes to cellulosics. We started out with film, then went into yarn, then we went into tow, then we went into plastics for things like tool handles and sunglass frames and then we took cellulosic technology into coating additives, then TVs and now into tires is another new emerging application. We know how to innovate in this space. We have done a lot more of this innovation than anyone else has ever done in creating new markets. Just like we have done in polyester starting with polyester fiber to PET to a wide range of polyester applications so we know how to do this. So we are making great progress, we are not going to get into the specific products right now because we are having great success in moving this forward and we are still locking up IP. But these assets can make other products that go into other applications and you will hear a lot more about that next year. It is what we do and are very good at doing.
Mark Costa: We have been on this journey of optimizing our portfolio for a long time. I mean we have sold off $3.5 billion of revenue underperforming businesses. We have done acquisitions adding $4.2 billion of revenue specialty businesses and by the way, we paid 9 times EBITDA for those specialty businesses with 7 times EBITDA multiples post synergies to provide attractive synergies as well as reasonable ROICs above cost of capital for our investors. I feel great about the actions we have taken in improving our portfolio and we are certainly committed to keeping that momentum going but I don't think there is any big large changes that we need to make both on the acquisition side or on significant divestiture side. But we are going to continue to look at these opportunities like the ethylene as ways to take out pockets of volatility. But our focus and our strategy is about innovation and growth. We are driving innovation growth, we are managing costs aggressively, we are going to continue to create value in a capital efficient way because we are doing mix upgrades of existing assets in how we drive this innovation. We are going to generate a lot of free cash flow and buy back stock and increase the dividend and improve our balance sheet. I think it is a compelling story as it is.
Mark Costa: I don't think we are going to dramatically improve our profitability from where we are at this stage. But I do think we are going to continue driving double-digit earnings growth going forward as we grow volume, mix and manage costs. But even here, we've got a Tritan expansion going on. We will have to bring on a new chunk of capacity next year to support this incredible growth we are having with Tritan with the existing products. And I should mention, we also have new products that we are making off of the same chemistry to access even more addressable market than where we are today with Tritan. So you add new capacity, it add some chunks of cost you've got work your way through.
Mark Costa: For tire resins, it is a great opportunity. Tire resins has historically have just been used as a processing aid and now we have this whole new addressable market in the tread as a performance additive improving traction in the tire, seeing tremendous adoption and interest across tire companies across the globe. And we really seem to be the preferred innovation partner because we have the broadest set of chemistry. So we are still trying to understand the full potential of this market and we are not going to complain about the 20% growth rate. Obviously it is off of a relatively small number but we see it as a significant market that could easily be $100 million to $200 million of additional revenue.
Mark Costa: As I said earlier, we have a strategy defending our share outside of China so we are not expecting it to be a volume driven story outside of China. It is going to be a price driven story. In the China side of it, there's a lot of conflicting data about what is going on with demand and destocking in China so it is a little hard to know what the imports are going to be next year and so we're just going to have to see. Right now we are assuming a modest decline.
Mark Costa: On AM, the margins are likely to be more stable around these higher levels than further increase. As we mentioned, there is the preproduction expenses starting up new capacity and the focus on volume growth. So I think it will be stable. When it comes to Fibers, the margins will come off from where we are today with the forecasted drop of earnings of around 20% into next year. It is important to keep in mind the altitude of these margins. This is an exceptionally profitable and attractive business and even some moderating margins here are still incredibly attractive for any business. So we are going to manage through that and continue to find a way to stabilize it into '18.
Curtis Espeland: As Mark highlighted earlier and if I could, Eastman has one of the best portfolios I think that can generate cash in the industry and you are seeing that in the results and also you'll see that next year. We do expect higher free cash flows next year as we see operating earnings grow as well as we will see a modest decline in our CapEx. A couple of factors to think about when I am looking at 2017 cash flow is we will be watching what kind of raw material environment we are facing, if we expect higher raws, as you know that is going to give us some challenges in working capital that we will try to offset. I also am expecting some higher cash taxes next year as we have now fully utilized the NOLs as part of the Solutia transaction as well as you know there is a phaseout of bonus depreciation for manufacturers like Eastman. So putting it all together though, we are going to generate free cash flow over $900 million. With the earnings outlook that Mark talked about, I wouldn't be surprised if we see free cash flow approaching $1 billion. The allocation, what you will see is still a balance across the different buckets that we have. You know our disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation but what you will see is some more balanced approach to deleveraging and share repurchases with that free cash flow. So if you think about deleveraging was the predominant use of cash flow this last couple of years that will moderate to be more balanced. And so you will see share repurchase probably in excess of $300 million.
Curtis Espeland: We will look at various uses of our cash in the fourth quarter. If we don't have more attractive uses of that cash, yes, some of that cash will be deployed for share repurchases.
Curtis Espeland: I am just saying, Frank, there is always competing uses of cash in the fourth quarter and we are going to look at all the options but in absence of others attractive options, yes, share repurchases will be one of the leading ideas for our deployment of our cash.
Curtis Espeland: No. The restructuring charge you saw in the third quarter pretty much covers the restructuring program we have underway.
Curtis Espeland: I will talk about the taxes. Again as you know Jeff, you can see a lot of what is going on with our cash tax rate versus current, just what goes through our deferred tax line in the cash flow statement and so you see that has improved this year. And again, that is again a lot of great work that occurs with our tax finance and legal teams who are looking for ways to really how do we help reduce costs and how do we help cash flows within this company? And so when I look at that going into next year, I do believe again we won't have the benefits of those NOLs from Solutia that we have enjoyed and in fact as mentioned earlier, we have utilized all the NOLs since the acquisition in 2012 and so that was at an accelerated pace because of that great work, and again the phaseout of bonus depreciation. So there is a pretty good opportunity for us to continue to look at our cash tax rate but it will be more challenging as we go for the next several years.
Curtis Espeland: So if you are looking about the excess ethylene and the commodity olefins, we continue to have a number of parties actively engaged in the process. As I mentioned, it has continued to be a challenging environment right now to ensure we get fair value for those kind of assets and quite honestly it has been further compounded by having a competing asset coming into the marketplace. So we will just be disciplined on valuation and patient on timing as needed. And so like I mentioned, this is going to go into next year. I can't give you a good sense of next year other than I would suspect the first half of the year feels about right that we will have better progress on different options that we have. And again, we are not just sitting idle. We will look at to see if an outright sale is possible but we will continue to evaluate other options or structures and pursue them as appropriate as well.
Curtis Espeland: On the operating cash flows and some of the things you mentioned, when I look at two or three areas, first of all on pension, we talked about contributing about $50 million to $75 million of pension this year. That is still what we are anticipating. Over the next couple of years I'm looking at maybe roughly $75 million of pension contributions over the next couple of years. After that point you kind of have to really look at what discount rates have done and how the returns have come into whether that number needs to increase to $100 million or maybe come down to $50 million. But that kind of gives you a band to what pension contributions could be like over the next three to five years. On capital, when you've got the kind of assets we have, yes, every three five years, there is going to be turnarounds. What we do and we have a great team that does it, we try to manage the maintenance spend and capital spend we have each year. Part of it is not only cash flow, part of it is just resources. So yes, we are going to have some capital spend over these years. But some of the unique items that we have had these last few years like some of the assets that we had to build in Texas as well as the conversions from coal to natural gas, there is a little bit ahead of us yet, most of it is done. So I would suspect our maintenance capital will be in that $300 million to $350 million range over that five-year time period. Then we will have growth capital on top of it to support all the attractive innovation programs that Mark talked about. So I think those are the main two things you are looking at there.
Curtis Espeland: No, right now I would say the currencies we are seeing today is kind of what we anticipate going into the next year.
Curtis Espeland: So if you look at the tax rate, let me just make one comment. In any particular tax year, you are going to have discrete items such as the one you are asking about specifically. It was a $60 million benefit from better utilizations of foreign tax credits from the Solutia acquisition that we recognized in the third quarter that was related to amended returns that we were able to put in place. But I would add discrete items can vary each year for a variety of reasons, the results of audits, returns, et cetera. Again, I'm going to say this twice because they deserve it. We have a great tax, finance and legal team that knows how to manage these as best we can in any given year. It hasn't been asked yet but I know and anticipate it, is a little early for an effective tax rate for 2017 but let me go ahead and throw it out there. When I look at the things we put in place, there are some permanent improvements that we have seen for the actions that we have taken so I think our effective tax rate for next year will improve and I think it will be more in the 23% to 24% range.
Curtis Espeland: Our focus right now has been the excess ethylene and the commodity olefin product lines. We continue to look at the rest of the portfolio to see if there is opportunities that maybe there is a more natural owner. We do that in due course with our Board and at this point there is nothing that we are talking about specifically but we will continue to evaluate different things in our portfolio. We like the portfolio as a whole so it is really stuff on the margin.
Curtis Espeland: And Vince, if I could just add, as you add those chunks of capacity, as you transition to that, you will have some start-up cost next year and that will be some challenges for this business but again they will still deliver that double-digit earnings growth despite that and you need that capacity then to grow past 2018 and beyond.
Curtis Espeland: Well, first of all, a good partner and we are looking forward to that capacity online. Yes, what that will ultimately do for those that aren't familiar with that is allow us to where we have been purchasing propylene we will now have additional propylene that is sourced through that propane and will be more sourced with propane than we are today. We used to talk about that benefit was going to be roughly $30 million a year but where the spreads are today it's much lower than that. But we are still going to like that contract and that relationship long-term.
Curtis Espeland: No, I think we did a nice job of capturing the ethylene benefits. But you also have to remember propane and ethane costs also went up considerably in the quarter so there wasn't a huge expansion in spreads but it certainly was better than last year and certainly carrying into the fourth quarter in a better shape than last year.
