Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thank you, Michael. And good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are, or will be, detailed in the company's first quarter 2013 financial results news release and in our filings with the SEC, including the Form 10-K filed for 2012 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation include Solutia acquisition-related costs and charges. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our first quarter financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation exclude mark-to-market pension and OPEB losses and gains, Solutia integration costs and any asset impairments and restructuring charges. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia had been completed prior to first quarter 2012 that compare post-acquisition results to pre-acquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our first quarter 2013 financial results news release. And lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations and Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Gregory A. Riddle: I was just going to add that when we talked in Investor Day, we were talking about growth rate that might be in the 5% range for tires. And what we're seeing right now is flat. So when we're talking about growing half of what the market's growing, the market has to be growing and we're not seeing that right now.
Gregory A. Riddle: I've not heard any discussion amongst our business about any change in outlook of how that capacity is coming on.
Gregory A. Riddle: And if I could add Jim, on top of it, what you're getting with those growth rates is we already have the investments made so you're getting the leverage off that.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay, thanks again for joining us this morning. A web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning approximately 11:00 a.m. Thanks again and have a great day.
James P. Rogers: And Kevin, how did I know the first question might just be on adhesives? Guess what, when we had our business reviewed, guess where we spent some time. Look, long term, I like our position. There's nothing company-specific negative to Eastman, but you do have softness in the packaging market, which is part of it. I think one of the reasons the results were worse than most all of us expected was it wasn't just demand, it was also on the supply side. And the best I can understand it, speaking somewhat generally, if you had probably several years now, tight raw materials where customers can quite often worry about whether they're going to get the supplies, some of your competitors couldn't have certainly make all they wanted to make. And then if those raws loosen up, you have more of availability of supply, customers don't need to keep their safety stocks and inventory. And so, you had a bit of a double whammy. You had soft demand and then you also had more supplier, or at least a comfort level, with customers on supply. That second thing doesn't last forever, so they go ahead and take their inventories down skinnier. They're more comfortable doing that, knowing that they're likely to be able to get product. The overall demand issue is one that you're going to be able to watch as easy as me in terms of when general level of economic activity picks up and packaging in particular picks up again. So it was a disappointment. I think we still like the hydrogenated hydrocarbon outlook. We like the outlook for diapers in the emerging markets, et cetera. And that trend's not going away anytime soon. So long-term, feel fine, short-term, we got caught on both demand and supply.
James P. Rogers: And I'll probably let Curt chime in on this, too. But I thought you might be the one to ask this question, Kevin, since you're high man on the numbers. And it, obviously, without the upset, we wouldn't have gone all the way to your number, let me just say it that way, but we would have been between your number and our number.
James P. Rogers: And, Jeff, if I could just tag on, I mean a lot of times people look at spread and spread widens out and they say they just got more price so the raws went down. We don't talk a lot about it but we still got all the basic programs going on part of our culture in terms of Six Sigma and cost monitoring the headcount, labor cost, et cetera. So we're trying to fight it on all angles and that's about the only way you can deliver these kind of results.
James P. Rogers: I would not point to that because they also added capacity and of course, we're both adding capacity in China. But no denying, we're running at very high utilization rates. The whole industry is. Part of our benefit is, and again we don't always talk a lot about it, but we just operationally ran very well in terms of cost. And then there's also a benefit that comes from in the first quarter, how the pricing flow through versus the cost flow through. So usually, your first quarter, you're getting a little tailwind, if I can, that maybe all of your cost, say higher wood pulp, et cetera, haven't flown through for full 3 months or you've probably gotten more of your pricing. And that's way we tried to guide that for Fibers, the first half of the year is probably going to look better than the second half the year, and not because of any change in the marketplace, simply because of how those costs flow through.
James P. Rogers: Yes. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so how temporary is temporary? I mean, you've got some plasticizers guys who've been losing the share who are reacting trying to use price. We also had, if I remember correctly, kind of soft market in Asia. So they ship more of the stuff to maybe higher-priced markets, Europe and the States. Long term, the non-phthalate trend, it's not going to change, it's not going to go away. It's -- we're not going to see high single-digit growth rates in the non-phthalate plasticizer side. So I still expect growth good growth there. The real weakness came more on the adhesives side this quarter than the plasticizers side, so that's really where more of our focus is right now.
James P. Rogers: Well, it does it like it's going to narrow, and that's what drives me nuts. When it's widening out, everything thinks I should be raising guidance, et cetera. And we're trying to say, "Guys, it's only 1 or 2 months." and then -- so it's going to come to go back the other way. I try not to look, honestly. I try not to look quarter-to-quarter. I try and think for the year. I think overall, for the next several years, we still got a tailwind here. Let me just point out one other thing though, when you look at that segment, it's not just that spread propane, propylene, I also got a really nice fluids business in there. And the fluids business didn't quite do what we would have hoped in the first quarter and that is more as I'm learning because again, those shipments, when they have major fills, et cetera, can kind of move from one quarter to another. So they should -- the fluids business should do noticeably better next quarter over first quarter. But yes, I would think the spread will come in some. But overall, I think that this segment's going to have a great year.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I mean, I said last time, I have little chagrin. I don't have more to tell you. All I can tell you now is we got site visits going on, we've narrowed the list down to a few parties. Midyear is probably when we'd hope to be out with something. I can honestly say that I worry a little bit that guys are spending too much time or they're building the anticipation up too much on this one. I mean, we're a pretty good-sized company and restarting another cracker or doing something with the excess ethylene that would probably take 2 or 3 years to get in place anyway. I hope they're not buying our stock on that, waiting for that shoe to drop and for us to tell them what to do because we think we got a great portfolio of businesses. But yes, hopefully midyear, we can kind of spell out who we're going to work with and what it's going to look like.
James P. Rogers: I think I was mainly talking about plasticizers on that. Yes, that's okay. But let me just talk about Asia in general. And basically, we had pretty much all the segments, but Adhesives & Plasticizers had pretty good results in Asia. And it seemed like we were seeing something a little different, than a lot of the guys were talking as we were going around beginning of the year, our last conference call, et cetera. I don't know that we're that exceptional, except I like our portfolio of products in Asia. So filter tow being such a major product for us in Asia gives us pretty good Asian numbers usually, quarter-in and quarter-out. I know that in -- as I look forward, just to give you some little anecdotal stuff, I think on the oxos, it's going to get fairly competitive there. I think, butanol, for example, under price pressure in Asia right now. So yes, we had a good first quarter in Asia. I would think I'm pleased that it's our second largest region, let me say it that way. But we take nothing for granted in Asia, and I think the hardest thing is figuring out segment-by-segment what's going in with inventory levels in Asia, because I just think they're masters at moving those inventories around when they think it's to their advantage.
James P. Rogers: Yes. I disagree that it's something that has to end. I mean, we have the best product in the marketplace. We have the best cost position. The way I look at this -- in fact I went through a few of the Solutia businesses, if you want. But the way I look at this, and this is a great business, and you're seeing it probably at its weakest because of what's going on in the general tire marketplace. So we held volumes in Crystex, which, I think, is a good thing. A year ago, they were running their utilization rates a little harder so the comp was going to be tough for us. They had all kinds of rational why they ran harder a year ago, but let's just say we think we're running it very prudently today in terms of how we're running our plants. When the tire market comes back, I think that's -- we're going to get to see how good this business really is, and also when we pull the trigger and do our Kuantan expansion and get some further cost reductions because of process improvements, I think that's also going to be quite a positive. So people, they should not judge the tire additives business by the way it looks right now. This is fairly tough marketplace for them. I'll just say, similar thing with interlayers where you got Europe so soft. I mean, I just know that's a better business than you're seeing today. But you're seeing it down because of Europe. If I look at the fluids business, sold out, fantastic business. We're going to have the wherewithal to add capacity, and so that's going to meet or exceed our expectations. The films business is probably the highlight. That's one that's doing the highest above our expectations. And we'll -- I think maybe next call or so, we'll try and focus -- and I'm looking over at Greg. I think we'll try and focus in a little more on films to give you some more color. Because I don't want you to ignore that. Some of our best growth rates and great products and some real opportunity, we see there. So I mean -- so you got 2 of the muscle players from Solutia that, I think, you're seeing at low points and the other businesses are performing very well.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's a good question. And I think, if I remember correctly, we talked, we kind of had a 2-year game plan for doing that. We've got a long ways in the first year so we're pleased with the contracting strategy we did. We got more price in Asia, we got more volume in Europe and that's exactly what we wanted. So yes, overall, I think we're getting the right response from the major customers. They want a long-term player, somebody's going to work with them. And we've had to accommodate customers where necessary to make sure that we had the market position we wanted with the key players in that industry. But yes, overall I'm pleased with what we've been able to accomplish in 1 year.
James P. Rogers: Yes. I understand your question, and I can't remember specifically. I know that the kind of capacity adds we had were small from numerous players, and so I just assumed, honestly, they were coming on...
James P. Rogers: So I wasn't aware. It's not like there was one big step function coming on. But I can't give you anymore color than that.
James P. Rogers: Okay. By the way the, other piece that moves around there is -- it's small is yarn, but yarn is not causing any swings. It's pretty much steady.
James P. Rogers: Yes. They're good numbers. Why don't I let my CFO -- you want to say the percentage increase? Tritan was 40%, V-Kool, I think, was a strong double-digit on. It was at 20% or something like that. I don't -- when we were -- the acoustics, I think, was 30%. I mean, these things, I just wish they were bigger so that these percentages would be off a bigger basis. But yes, it's pretty good growth on that. And that -- but it brings up the bigger point, is that stuff that's growing fast is your higher margin. So you're getting the nice mix improvement like when you sell more acoustics in the interlayers, the same thing with Tritan, same thing with V-Kool. I mean, those are all good trends. And so, if I got a disappointment, I wish we'd had more volume growth this quarter. But I'm very pleased with the mix changes that we're seeing in our businesses.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that would be -- that would definitely be a help. Remember, the interlayer business is not just the autos. You've also got the building and construction commercial buildings, particularly in Europe. And so that's quite soft and I don't think that's forecast to turnaround any time soon. But you're right on the auto side.
James P. Rogers: Yes, well for -- the big one would be the one in China. And frankly, I'm not too concerned about the hydrogenated hydrocarbon resins. That's -- we're going to need that volume. And I think we said when we announced it that we also had quite a bit of the output under contract already from that plant. So not going to be a major risk. I don't see it screwing up the market because of the segment it's in, let’s say it that way.
James P. Rogers: Yes. I don't know how to quantify it for you without trying to get in number by number. I can just tell you that the thing for me on that business was the tough comparison in the last year as well in terms of how they ran the business last year. But Europe's the one we need to turn. When Europe turns, we're going to feel really good because it is the major impact on this segment.
James P. Rogers: Well I think when you look at what happened in the first quarter, we had about $10 million of integration costs from restructuring costs. Those will kind of continue at that level through the course of the rest of this year. We'll start to unwind as we finish those major SAP implementations. So it will be pretty much behind us as we finish the year. And it's pretty much in line with what we expected when we announced the deal.
James P. Rogers: Yes, thanks Frank. I would say first of all, as we give our guidance. We're not -- we're expecting things to kind of trek along the way it is right now. So if we had a nice surprise, the upside, where somehow, Europe pulls a rabbit out of a hat, we could do better. But odds are, it's going to play out, in our opinion, kind of the way we're seeing it now. So you had, North America, and it's probably the same thing everyone else is in. North America, pretty good, Europe frankly, still just down and don't really see what the light is at the end of the tunnel for Europe. I mean, I guess in a year or 2 they got to come out of it. But in general, our best play there is to keep an improving mix within that region. I'd say Latin America, just not that big for us. But when you look at how we were down a little bit volume-wise, I think Brazil is probably tougher times than Mexico is. And then you get to Asia. And Asia's the one that could make a difference, but harder -- I'd say, the hardest to call. I've pretty good idea where Europe is going to next year, so pretty good idea the States is going to stay good the next year. So Asia is a little bit tougher to see. And there, you have to start getting into the segments. But by and large, I think it kind of keeps trekking along the way it is. So we may have had a little more of a tailwind first quarter, and maybe tougher for Asia to keep up at that level. I don't know, I hope that's helpful.
James P. Rogers: The only -- I just said the antidote of some of the oxos pricing pressure there like butanol, et cetera. But that's about the only negative I've heard, change from first to second.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I think it's perhaps unrealistic to think it's going to have 40% up comps from here on out. It's had a bang up quarter where market acceptance for the product is just fantastic, which not only gives us the volume, but allows us to concentrate on the segments of the market as I think, things like medical versus some of the other packaging applications that would be less attractive. It's still going to take a little while to fill up the capacity we got, so we're not worried about running out of capacity soon. We've talked in the past about how you add a monomer plant and then you add lines, et cetera. So I think we're still looking at Tritan, not filling up until what? End of next year maybe, something like that? But it's -- that's a good part of what's going on within Eastman right now, it's how Tritan's -- how the market's responding to Tritan.
James P. Rogers: Well, we're not naive about it. I mean, we can see what part of the world we live in and what the smoking trends are here. We know one is the biggest impacts in the past on smoking has been tax increases. So you're right to focus on one of the levers that can have a almost immediate impact. Interestingly enough a year or 2 later, you lose some of that impact, again. In other words it goes back up. But long term, I think we all know the trend outside of Asia. And it'll be a slow decline. What you're going to want is you're going to want to have the best cost position and you're going to want to have a nice base in Asia, and that's what we're building long-term.
James P. Rogers: Yes. So let me start with the tires. We just happened to ask that same question when we were having our review. What are the customers telling you? What can you see? The destocking has been going on in that industry for a while now. More than a quarter or 2, to the best of our knowledge. And we also, by the way, we're humble enough to admit there's other companies who've been dealing with the tire industry a lot longer than us and it's a lot bigger percent of their business. So trust me, there's guys out there who can speak much more intelligently than me about it. But we haven't seen the turn yet in where people have gone the other way and started to feel like they need to build inventories again. And I don't think we're getting a lot of feedback on how soon that's going to be. So, it's just one of those where I'm thankful we got such a diversified portfolio of businesses that one business is soft like adhesives, something else can kick in. On the Fibers business, I don't really worry about things we would do as a supplier that would cause demand destruction. I mean, the filter's actually the cheaper part of the cigarette. So to the extent they lengthen the filters and call it a premium cigarette, their cost goes down and therefore, their margin goes up and we sell more products. So I think it's what we talked about earlier. You can just see the long-term trends in terms of developed world smoking on a very slow decline is still growing though in the developing world. And that -- those are going to be the dominant trends. And taxes, country-by-country, can move things around and in particular, can cause upset, say, in a particular quarter for 1 year, but then the world seems to adjust. So the other thing, I think the industry has been fairly disciplined about looking at their high cost production facilities, and over the years, have gravitated to lower cost and to Asia from higher cost and places like Western Europe.
James P. Rogers: Yes, I got plenty of capacity right now. If that's your question. And I think there's a track record -- it was a leader, by far, in this industry, the capacity utilization, Solutia, and now us. We're more likely to move utilization rates around and -- than the small competitors are. But so I'm not going to give you a percentage number on utilization rate, but let's just say I've got capacity. One of the key things to watch for though, and you'll get a signal as soon as anybody when we announce we're going forward with the Kuantan expansion and a newer technology and lowering our cost position. That's going to be a very good sign. And that is the kind of thing that can give you more leverage than you've had in the past that you got a lower cost process that's actually retrofitable. So we'll see. I mean, I never take anything for granted. Don't give you any guarantees. But I think we got some much better times ahead of us for Crystex.
James P. Rogers: Yes, it did have probably the steepest incline in the climb. Maybe now Adhesives & Plasticizers does. But I feel better than I did 6 months ago about them being able to hit their targets. And partly -- remember, I got 3 businesses in there, so I got the specialty plastics business like I think I said on the last call, was going to have a very good year, probably the best year ever. That still seems to be intact. They had a very strong first quarter. Performance films is outperforming our expectations. It has nice growth rates and is becoming a more significant part of that segment, although admittedly, still the smallest. And then the interlayer business is where the upside is. And we do need some improvement in Europe and we do need some global improvement to hit those numbers. We said that back then, so I don't want to pretend like Europe can just stay where it is forever and we're going to be happy. We do need a pickup in the global economic activity, in particular Europe.
James P. Rogers: Let me hit Kingsport. It's not the feedstock. It is for energy, converting our major powerhouse from coal to gas. And so we're going to -- for energy purposes, we're going to be about half coal, half gas. That's proceeding on pace. We haven't started fooling around with steel and concrete, et cetera, but that's going to go in-line with what we would want to have done for regulatory reasons anyway. But remember, the feedstocks coal, we gasify coal, that's always going to stay that way. In Longview, on the -- you were breaking up a little bit, P.J., so I didn't quite understand what you were asking about the fourth cracker.
James P. Rogers: Yes, let me say it this way, we're not looking to be a bigger merchant player in ethylene. So when you say do we need a long-term agreement, whatever we do with a partner is going to be a long-term -- it's going to be a long-term arrangement, whether we continue to own that cracker and operate it or we sell the cracker or what we do with our excess ethylene. But whatever we do is going to be a long-term solution that's not going to be spot market exposure.
James P. Rogers: Let me just say you guys on that side of the call, you actually do know something about how to run businesses. A lot of the questions you've been asking is exactly the kind of conversations we have had internally and that is -- that's another one where you got some synergy having a group together and then the issue is: Do you think you can keep them fully occupied? Curt -- and this is really Curt's baby, so let me have Curt on the line.
James P. Rogers: Yes. I wouldn't use the word dismissing. We probably look at things at a depth and sooner than just about anybody else would when it comes to our Fibers business. But I would say that there is a comfort level that, in the near to intermediate term, we can pretty much see how demand and supply is going to flow. It's probably the most predictable market we're in. And so again, I never take anything for granted, I don't dismiss it. But I think we're fairly comfortable we're going to need that capacity that we're adding in China.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, I'd say the impact on the first quarter is roughly $10 million and the fourth quarter's a little less than that.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, what we've mentioned in the past, Jeff, and this still holds true. Our target is over a run rate of greater than $100 million by the end of this year on those integration savings. We did talk about there's different levels of probability of other projects we've identified, so that $100 million target we talked about was roughly 5% of the acquired revenues. There is a possibility that could be a 6% number, which would be another roughly $25 million and there's a remote chance that it could be 7%, another $25 million. So it's just a range of probability we're working on. And some of that you won't see until 2015 if it were to come to fruition. In addition, we continue to make good progress on the operational commercial side of Solutia and I think you're starting to see that in the benefits. And then lastly, it's within our culture, we have a culture of continuing to focus on productivity and trying to drive unit costs down and you heard some of that -- Jim talked about today in our asset deal stream to some de-bottlenecks, et cetera. So part of it's still synergies, part of it's just operational excellence we expect and have been able to achieve.
Curtis E. Espeland: And the hygiene market is growing stronger for the hydrogenated. So that trend is still there, Nils.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes, I think when we look at the order trends, April, even early part of May, we're seeing that same trend of strength in most of our businesses within Asia. We haven't seen any dramatic upcrease or downwind.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, I'm glad you noted that, Frank. If you look at our fully diluted share count, you're right, it did tick down a little bit as we implemented share repurchases. I'd actually point out on an actual share count base, it increased.
Curtis E. Espeland: Right. Options exercise then we had a few shares issued under the old Solutia warrants. So right now, our strategy continues to be repurchase shares to offset dilution as we make progress on our debt pay down as you've heard before. We'll look at how we deploy that cash further whether we do more share repurchases beyond dilution.
Curtis E. Espeland: So let me -- first of all, on the inventory, I can assure that our business and our supply chain guys are keenly aware of kind of our order trends and makes sure we operate consistent with those trends. So that wasn't a factor. And as we look at free cash flow, as we'd expect, we're kind of negative in the first quarter and it starts building through the end of the year. I don't know, maybe our third or fourth quarter will be one of our strongest, the second half of the year is where we'll see a significant generation of our free cash flow.
Curtis E. Espeland: What we're thinking through is just different scenarios by which you don't know how your M&A pipeline is going to play out so how do you keep that capability within your house. And there's different ways you can deploy them to keep them busy and if a project comes along, you can put them to work on integration. And I'd have to say, our people are just excited about the integration efforts. They're demonstrating their capabilities and I think we'll keep that talent available should we need it.
