Mark Costa: Certainly we are proud of how we are creating our growth and growing much faster than the underlying markets and especially in businesses this year and we would certainly expect to do the same next year. As far as improving macro economic conditions, I can’t say we are seeing much of that yet. Europe I would describe as solid but not exactly exciting growth. Europe is showing some signs of recovery. Asia is growing a bit faster than the rest of the world and we are seeing some benefits beyond innovation growth which we’ve been very focused on to benefiting from supply disruptions that’s given some additional volume growth especially as the Chinese have enforced environmental law that impacted the competitors that we faced there proving the value of our reliability to our customers, and we're picking up some shares as a result of that. But I wouldn’t call that macro.
Mark Costa: First of all the raw material dynamics are quite different in two different segments and the strategies are also a little bit different. So in AFP you've seen a much bigger increase in raw materials that go into that segment and the pricing has been more aggressive in covering those increases. So that's part of the dynamic where the raw materials have been more flattish, with just a slight increase in AM. So we feel good about the pricing that we're getting in AFP. We feel that we're making good progress in covering a raw material costs. We're extremely excited about the volume growth that we saw in that segment in the third quarter building to a strong second half of the year as we had forecasted earlier in the year.
Mark Costa: So on the Chinese front, the Chinese Government has had environmental laws in the books for a long time and we're very encouraged to see that they're enforcing these laws and improving the quality of operations in China for the benefit of the environment of China and planet as well as creating more level competitive playing field. And so there is a number of companies that are not in chemical parks who are facing stricter enforcement and they have a choice to either shut down in many cases or move to chemical parks. So as we're seeing it in a number of companies are being curtailed in production or being totally shut down, some of which will move to chemical park at some point and some may not. There is no way to predict that, but we certainly see there is benefit continuing into 2018 as it's played out so far this year.
Mark Costa: So we continue to see very strong volume growth in our premium products. So in acoustics and heads up display interlayers, we're also seeing double-digit growth. The trading growth is still solid, but constrained a little bit by capacity constraints. That's why we're building this new Triton expansion is to position ourselves for growth. And last year was an incredibly strong quarter in Triton for a year-over-year comp. So overall, we see the things have been driving. The mix upgrade and the growth in the segment continuing. We saw some slower growth, some of our tradition co-polyesters, which is of no concern. We see it improving as we go into the fourth quarter. And we also took an impact on some of our sales and performance films in Florida and Texas with hurricanes and impact and those are two largest states in the U.S. for these out. So overall we feel great feel about the quarter and the improvement in the earnings. And we feel very much on track for stronger via earnings growth in the fourth quarter.
Mark Costa: So we’re very excited about very strong 14% volume growth in the quarter and it really came through a number of factors. First of all, we are seeing good strong volume growth across the segment. I wouldn't call it inventory building at all it just good strong growth. There are a few areas where we had exceptionally high growth. As Curt mentioned we had a number of our wins in the solar fills so these are in projects you win two to three years ago in the engineering construction phase of the big so we’re concentrating facility. And when they finally brings the facility online you get a big order to fill that plant with the heat transfer fluid. And we worked hard to call the timing of those fills and we thought it would be spread more between third and fourth quarter and a lot of that really came into the third quarter that's part of the story. Another part of the story is just great commercial execution in a revenue synergy with Taminco combining our products with their products improving the commercial team there really driving hard for results and seeing very strong growth in our nutrition and I would also mention personal care as well has benefited from those activities. And the third is tire resins where innovations driving a lot of growth for their customers and this environmental enforcement in China has also benefited us and some share relative to competitors there. So those three were big drivers. We still expect pretty strong volume growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter as we go to 2018 number of those drivers were moderate that we're driving a lot of the exceptional growth, but we still see a way to deliver mid-single digit volume growth next year as we sort of concentrate and consolidate some of these wins we have this year.
Mark Costa: The other thing I’ll notice we’ll do our best now as well as in the fourth quarter call to make sure you understand how we've delivered attractive earnings growth consistent with our guidance pre-event and then with the event caused and so you can really see the strength of what we’re doing that of this sort of one-time event.
Mark Costa: Yes, first of all I want to emphasize that we just raised our guidance. That we're feeling better on the full year basis obviously we had an extraordinary third quarter we still expect a very good fourth quarter. When we think about third to fourth quarter sequentially there's always normal seasonality where volumes drop off across most of our businesses, that happens every year. So there is that we should all have in your forecast as normal. As we look at the dynamics across the four segments, we expect earnings growth in three of the four segments and we expect strong earnings growth in AM and AFP with fibers having sort of meaningful drop from third quarter fourth quarter as Curt mentioned in our prepared remarks., the fibers business is a bit chunky in how customers orders can come in sometimes, we also had some exceptional high asset utilization in the third quarter on our asset yields that benefited fibers that won’t repeat in the fourth quarter. And so when you see that come off that you should really be thinking about fibers on a second half basis for the quality of their earnings of this business, which is going to be better than the first half and a testament to an improvement and stabilization of this business. So overall I think when you do that math, you can walk through how the quarter comes out, but strong growth year-over-year and volumes for AFP is expected in the first quarter, chemical intermediates will come off as Curt noted in his remarks. But it will still be year-over-year
Mark Costa: Well Tetrashield is in the early stages. It's a great story of how we take complex technologies, Tritan and Tetrashield are an integration of polyester acetyl and olefin chemistry to create a very unique product and as Trident and it turns out incredible performance in the coatings market relative to what's available out there. We've talked a lot about automotive where we've already had some wins and momentum but it's still low volumes. The can packaging area is just going commercial as I mentioned. It has to do -- it have much faster volume growth rate given the pressures for getting BPA coatings out of the cans and we believe our solution with Tetrashield is superior to all the other non-BPA solutions in the market. So we could actually see some meaningful growth over next couple years but it takes a while to get to that did and build that volume growth.
Mark Costa: Jeff when it comes to impact on compensation you know as management team we will take the hit for these costs it will be included in our calculations. The thing I would like to focus though and just go back to sort of the story of this event its obviously very serious we take it very seriously and we’re going to learn from it but I am just incredibly proud about how the teams have come together to sort of bring this plant back up and incredibly short time frame and make sure that customers are being protected as best we possible can through all this where we’re going to have a very limited sales impact. When I talked about complex collaboration across the four segments I just want to share a few examples around sort of what we've been doing. The truth is that we have to make her incredibly complicated you can imagine the Atlanta air traffic control systems managing all the needs of all the different airlines we’re making in complex our choice is daily and how to balance production and steam and power across 80 operating units that are associated acetyls at our Tennessee site out of the 120 units we have at the site and normal times we are in the site greater than 95% utilization there is just no room for error. And when you have a massive disruption at the front of the system like a massive storm you need incredible collaboration and unlike the airlines fortunately we’re not canceling flights downstream or progress operations it’s just a true testament of how we run a complex integrated site. And when we talk about scale and expertise in engineering and construction I want to also highlight a couple examples. At this time we have such scale we can afford to have a state-of-the-art large fabrication facility it’s what we call big shop. We lost pipe version in this explosion we built on-site and commission the replacement of it has over a mile of pipe in five days which is just incredible we've drones flying in the damaged facility the day after the incident identifying the damage to equipment within two days of the event we were fabricating in the big shop replacement parts. And we couldn’t even get into the building for another week and a half. So on top of it moving quickly we have over 500 employees and contractors working on repairing facility looks like an anthill over there. And we can only that because the scale of our site with the flex we can do with resources. We got busloads of mechanics even driving up from Texas pitching and to help on this situation. The other companies just couldn’t this they would have go outside engineering support or other people fabrication shops unless they had our scale. The bottom line the point of all this is we review the liability as exceptionally important for our customers where we’re someone we can always count on. And in addition of those repairs you know we have backup facilities and hydrate where we bringing those up in record time. We set new production records on our largest and hydrate side that’s 20% above that historical performance and brought that site from what was already operating at a low level to running 360% faster in two weeks. So great set of examples I could go on for another hour and I am going to cut myself off, but we do take this seriously we’re not happy about it but I'm really proud of what we've done and it's a real testament to the value scale and integration.
Mark Costa: Two things I want to emphasize on this question Jeff is one, we are done extraordinary efforts in preventing any disruption to customer's downstream of the coal gasification operations. So with the back-up facilities we have with their sources alternative raw materials we can access around the planet, we brought those assets back up and operating combined with the inventory we had in hand to make sure we're serving all of our customers from the event through the fourth quarter and into next year. So the sales disruption is going to be primarily related to asset deals which is very small percentage of our revenue inside TI. So that's point one. Point two is we're still in the process of investigating and understanding the incident that caused it and how we make sure it doesn't happen again. So we're not going to comment about at this point, but you can rest assured that we're doing it.
Mark Costa: Yes Frank, that goes back to a comment I made a moment ago. We make sure we're really clear about the strength and value we're creating in earnings growth and cash flow this year as well as how we're building on that for next year. So my outlook comments are pre-event. So like you just noted our guidance suggest around 12% growth this year and our earnings growth being strong is on top of that number. It is not taking the event as a special benefit to get to that number. So we're still on track as we look at next year and consistent with the outlook we've had in the past, nothing has changed about delivering that 8% to 12% growth in what we've been talking about for the year. It comes from strong growth in the specialties through continuing to have that mid-single-digit growth rate 2X the underlying markets mix upgrade within it driving a lot of growth. Next year we expect fibers to be stable to this year. So not having that headwind. Maybe we'll have a little upside in fibers with all the new application growth that we're pursuing. As always we're going to continue to manage cost aggressively and continue to be focused on capital allocation for our shareholders. So continuing an increasing dividend and share repurchases that should accelerate as we go into next year and so all are good drivers for growth pre-event on top of what we do this year. It will be offset by some higher costs but we have a very large shutdown coming in Texas next year. We have the growth investments for making we have so many - innovation platforms taking off right now. We’re ramping up resources to support that growth in the customer trials and sales efforts to go with it. And of course we’re going to have the fixed costs associated with the three large special capacity additions we've done in the PVD, Crystex and Tritan. And then we’re assuming on the macro uncertainties. We’re assuming sort of stable oil and the raw material that go with it stable currency to where we are now. And we’re assuming GDP sort of growth around this year's level in a bit those are all sort of assumptions and we know there is a lot of uncertainty. And so that's all sort of before the incident and then we’ll work through the math to make sure it clarity about the impact that we still had on earnings this fourth quarter as well it will have an impact next year.
Mark Costa: Yes to be clear I was just commenting of what I think is the macroeconomic conditions Europe we are actually driving a lot of growth in Europe well above the macro and it was that’s the only performance for the region. Most of the solar fills that I talked about occurred in the Middle East. So that was part of the driver we say Europe, Middle East and Africa is our region so you have to remember it’s all of that. And so part of the solar fills, part of what is that great commercial execution I talked about Taminco and driving personal care and nutrition growth lot of that occurred in Europe, as well as a lot of the share growth we had in tires was also occurring in Europe. And we had a mix benefit until favor Europe as well where we had more there and some less still in other places. So all that sort of came together to give you a lot of strength. The macro is fine there and automotive growth has been reasonably good as a tailwind in Europe for us but I wouldn’t say we see a very strong improvement yet.
Mark Costa: And the cost is going to be what the market will bear, I mean those things we’re having to do with those logistics starts we’re bringing in and that’s all been factored into the estimates I provided.
Mark Costa: John you’re the lucky winner today. So just to give you an update, divesting our excess ethylene position as I said before is still one of the main priorities for us as well as potentially some of our commodity ethylene product lines. Again as we talked before the vast majority of olefins volatility is from this ethylene position. So we are really working hard to try to get something done. We continue to have a number of engaged parties and we are working diligently to see if we can get a transaction completed. As I also mentioned before we’re exploring different options which could include sales, joint venture or other type of structures. So this combined with kind of the continued challenging market conditions has made this process take much longer than I would prefer.
Mark Costa: It's a little early to get into the specifics on the bridge of '17 to '18 and where we would be in that range, 12% is phenomenal growth this year. Some of it is being driven by some exceptional volume like solar fluid sales for example that what will repeat in that '18 but won't repeat in '19. We have another big slog coming in '19. So there is certain dynamics on that side. The upper half of the range I don't know if that's likely at this stage from what we know. We'll have to see how it all comes together and we'll give you lot more detail in January, but you have to give us a bit of a break on this one, where we have so much going on right now. We're spending most of our time making sure we do with the event deliver great results and cash flow in the fourth quarter and position ourselves well for growth next year.
Mark Costa: Sure, again in the fourth quarter, is typically our large cash generating quarter as we do release working capital due to seasonality in the businesses. I also mentioned that the operations incident we actually think it will be cash neutral. We'll actually be reducing inventory that will offset some of the operating costs. Maybe another way to look at it is may be this is compared to fourth quarter '16 to what we're kind of expecting now. If you look at fourth quarter of '16 we generated $289 million of free cash flow if you adjust for that $150 million of pension. If you also look at our CapEx, it's roughly going to be $600 million. if you look at that seasonally compared to '16, we're actually expecting $90 million roughly or lower capital expenditures in the fourth quarter of '17. So when you do that math, all we need to generate free cash flow above last year's fourth quarter, either in working capital or other operating cash flows is about $50 million to achieve that $1 billion cash flow. So that's how I look at it. We do have good visibility. There is some sensitivities that we're managing through but our goal is to work towards that billion dollars of free cash flow and grow up further 2019.
Mark Costa: Kevin, we're not exactly sure when the enterprise will come up and be effective. You would have to ask them. But we certainly are expecting to have that asset supplying us as we go into next year at some point. The benefits to us are going to be somewhat limited in the current conditions where propane price are at this time point relative to where we were originally.
Mark Costa: Yes, the incident at Kingsport has no impact on bringing the Trident capacity up online, which we expect to do as we move finish the fourth quarter and the first quarter and the utilization at the moment is very high. We have tremendous growth and interest in that product. We're trying to support all of our customers and their desire to growth with us and that's why we make such a significant investment in doubling their capacity. So we're feeling good about that business.
Mark Costa: Just to wrap up as we close the call out, just want to put in a little bit of a commercial break for Investor Day. We're really excited about the track record we've been building and excited about what we can offer as we go forward in growing the company. And we think we've actually set up a great track record and we'll share a lot more of this with you as we get to the Investor Day. But if you look at the past three years or back to 2014, we delivered tremendous organic growth and value from our acquisition. If you back out sort of the macro headwinds of oil currency and fibers, you’d see that would be about $10 a share this year which should be 16% CAGR versus 2010 when we started this transformation, as well as 12% CAGR again 2013. So we’ll share a lot more with how that works. How you can see the organic growth and the value of the acquisitions in our portfolio, and we are really proud of how we’ve managed our portfolio aggressively well ahead of the current trend divesting about 3.5 billion of revenue, almost half of it when you go back to - so when we did it and adding some great specialty businesses. And I will work you through how we developed a very compelling organic growth engine that has three components to it around deep market connect, world class technology platforms and application development capability that bodes it together and the role of scale and integration plays and making it all that happen. So, I think it's going to be an existing day. We’re really looking forward just working through our details so you can really better understand the growth we’ve delivered in the past and to be clear, I was also - the only reason I bring out this macro adjustment is, so that you're going to understand all these headwinds stabilize going forward our ability to drive growth as we move forward. But we are looking forward for it. Thank you.
Curt Espeland: And 180 basis points of margin improvement sequentially there is testament of how we're driving the business forward. In AM we had 100 basis point improvement in margins as we went sequentially from second to third quarters. So we feel good about how we're managing our margins. You have to remember that the interlayer business has annual contracts. So there is no pricing changes in that business once you set those contracts in place from last fall and so we're getting some price up in the poly business as we would expect with the market and making some other choices and some other businesses. So overall we feel good about it and it's on track.
Curt Espeland: Yes. Good morning. This is Curt. On the hedge, let me just cover '17 and we'll talk about '18 impact. Year to date, the benefit of the commodity hedges rolling off is about $90 million year-over-year that was $30 million in the third quarter. Now keep in mind that benefit is still being offset by a lower commodity -- lower currency hedges not roughly year-to-date $20 million. So propane stays where it is today. The impact for 2017 over '16 being in that $0.50 to $0.60 set range, but the offsetting impact of lower currency hedges is also little different that's probably now more like $0.15 to $0.20. So the net impact is going to be roughly $0.40 to $0.45 on a year-over-year basis, pretty similar to what we've talked before. As you go on to 2018, if propane end of the year will stay where they are today, the impact of hedging is no longer going to be a material part of our story. Going into 2018 when you're analyzing our year-over-year operating results.
Curt Espeland: No, we solidly that’s on purpose but we think we’re solidly at the high end of that range for 2017 and that's kind of where we’re expecting and recall that’s before the impact of the operational.
Curt Espeland: And these are just components across all the different innovation programs that are contributing to our business clauses and that's why we think we're going to be adding 2% to our company revenue off these innovation programs and I can tell you I am excited about as telling that story on February 5.
Curt Espeland: Great progress on that front as well. We're already seeing strong growth in our in our acetate yarn business with double-digit growth this year versus last year. Our latest acetate yarn, Naia, which is an improved version of what we have in the market for a while is getting great interest. We're getting commercial orders and very excited about building in that space and those are in that businesses have decent margins. We also are making some great progress in a few other applications that we're very close to getting the commercial orders on and should have them done by Investor Day and we'll tell you more about those applications when we get there. I think we're making great progress on getting the assets. Now I would note that this is a great example of the strength of our diversity and scale, with the great specialty capability we have in application development and fundamental work we're always doing in cellulosics in AM and AFP, we're able to shift those resources on to this project a couple years ago, few years ago I guess now with the priority to find new applications accelerate growth and it's just amazing to see the progress and a real testament to the strength of having a diverse portfolio.
Curt Espeland: Well Jeff there is a variety of questions in there, but let me try to address of that as best I can. First of all when we think about the nature of the operating costs you need to really think about this kind of three areas of impact. First is just higher operating costs being offset by our business interruption insurance. So we do anticipate higher operating cost which is due to a lower utilization rate higher raw material cost et cetera we will be working with our insurance partner but these costs should be generally covered with our business interruption policy after we meet our $75 million deductible. The second bucket of cost is the cost to repair and replace the damage property plant equipment which is going to be also will be working with our insurance partner but should be generally covered by our property insurance after a $5 million deductible. And then finally in the fourth quarter we had to be mindful on the accounting nuances that could be triggered because of this event and some of the impact of utilization rates and reduction of inventories. And so as an example and I kind of kid myself actually to say this but we might have life of decrement because of this event and that may because we’re not going to charge in the fourth quarter. So again when we put all these various complexities together from a timing standpoint we’re still analyzing what’s going to get hung up on the balance sheet what close to the income statement et cetera. But our best estimate right now is that will have roughly $100 million cost impact on the fourth quarter and then that we will see that partially offset with an insurance recovery in 2018. And when I think about 2018 I know it will probably be a net positive insurance recovery over cost it's as hard to say whether that will be material number or not as we look at it.
Curt Espeland: So let me talk about the cash flows Jeff. It's still lot of moving parts. So it's tough to call the exact timing of cash flow at this point on the operational incident, but for fourth quarter we're assuming to be that it will be somewhat neutral as the cash impact of higher operating cost is being offset by further declines in the inventory beyond what we normally do. So again while there is these various moving parts, we're working hard to still deliver $1 billion in free cash flow and I think it will be more towards that billion quite honestly Jeff the $900 million you threw out there. And even if we're going to need to rebuild that inventory in 2018 I'm also confident we're going to grow free cash flow in 2018 given the quality of our portfolio and the discipline of our cash by the Eastman team. On the first quarter again it's hard to predict the earnings impact again at some cost that will continue in '18 versus the insurance recovery, but when I look at it today, it still will be -- the insurance recovery will exceed the additional operating cost that we still may have lingering in the next year in that first half of year. So I still see this as a net positive impact on '18 versus the negative impact you're seeing in the fourth quarter.
Curt Espeland: And Frank just to make that we clarify anything in the marketplace. The impact of the event on operating costs and the recovery of insurance will be included in our published result. What we’re going to do as you would expect these are going to do we’re going to be as transparent as we can so that you can actually see what the impact of the underlying business is doing despite those costs and insurance recoveries. And you’ll see that growth rate that Mark’s talking about.
Curt Espeland: First of all most of our derivatives units are running on silicon hydride. So acid is something we can’t convert into the hydride with some of facilities. So we are bringing a lot of acid into the side to make silicon hydride. And so we are doing everything we can to sort of keep all downstream derivative unit running which we will be able to do and meet customer needs.
Curt Espeland: And to be clear though, we are committed to getting this ethylene volatility out of the portfolio and so we're going to get this done.
