Gregory A. Riddle: All right. Thanks, Ron, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Board Chair and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2017 financial results news release and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-K filed for 2016 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter of 2017. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude the effect of non-core items. In addition, the adjusted first quarter 2017 earnings per share is calculated within adjusted tax rate that is forecasted for the full year. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including the description of the adjusted items are available in the first quarter 2017 financial results news release, which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investors section. Projection of future earnings also exclude any non-core, unusual, or non-recurring items and assume that the adjusted tax rate for first quarter 2017 will be the actual tax rate for the projected periods. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory A. Riddle: All right, thanks, Mark. We've got a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. With that, Ron, we are ready for questions.
Gregory A. Riddle: Great. Thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. A web replay, a replay in downloadable mp3 format will be available on our website later this morning. Have a great day.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Curt. On slide 12, I'll discuss our outlook for 2017. We continue to benefit from our specialty businesses, which we expect would deliver mid-single digit volume growth for the rest of the year, which will be about double the growth rate of the underlying markets. To deliver this, we're leveraging the investments we have made in our innovation and market development initiatives to drive growth in attractive end markets, which are being positively impacted by very attractive and disruptive macro trends. We've also taken actions to aggressively reduce costs and we are benefiting from a reduction in commodity hedge costs. We've improved the quality of our balance sheet, reducing our interest costs, and we've also been able to neutralize an expected tax headwind, so that our effective tax rate this year will be similar to last year. Finally, disciplined capital allocation continues to contribute to growth, including accelerating our share repurchases in 2017 compared to 2016. All of these actions are helping us to offset challenges we continue to face, including uncertain global GDP growth, a stronger dollar, more than normal raw material and energy price volatility and the challenges we face in Fibers. Putting all this together, on an operational level, our performance remains in line with our previous expectations we outlined in January, and with the tax rate no longer expected to be a headwind, we expect EPS growth to improve to the top half of our previously communicated 8% to 12% range. On slide 13, we have summary slide that we've shown you before and is even more applicable today. We have a strong portfolio of specialty businesses. We expect to deliver approximately 70% of our earnings from these high-quality specialty businesses, a true testament to the quality and transformation of our portfolio. We are continuing to create our own growth through accelerating our innovation and improving our product mix. We are committing using every lever we have in this uncertain environment, and we're returning our free – very strong free cash flow to our stockholders. We're on track to return approximately $650 million to our shareholders this year. I remain confident that 2017 will be a strong year for Eastman with increasing earnings and record free cash flow. More importantly, I believe that we are building one of the world's leading specialty companies to deliver long-term sustainable growth. Thanks for joining us this morning and I look forward to your questions.
Mark J. Costa: David, thanks for the question and we're really excited about being on track to deliver such attractive earnings growth for our shareholders and principally doing it through operating earnings, as we've sort of neutralized that tax headwind. As you noted, we are looking at all the businesses and continue to see very strong earnings growth for our specialty businesses, both the AM and AFP, love the volume growth that we saw in the first quarter and expect continued volume growth, let's say volumes coming in a little bit better than expected, which has been fantastic, especially in these high-quality businesses. Fibers is exactly in line with expectations, no surprises or changes there, but we've also seen raw materials sort of spike up a little bit more than we expected and we're making great progress in improving prices, but we've got to catch up to those raws. So, when I net it all together, the operational outlook of everything feels pretty similar to where we were with a few sort of slight differences there and volume being better, raws being a little higher, but we feel great about that performance and think it's extremely attractive for us in this industry and these market conditions. So, as you look at the guidance we gave, we banked the tax rate improvement in our guidance to the upper half of the range, but it's three months into the year. There is a lot of uncertainty about how the economy and these raws will play out. So, we'll just have to see how it goes from here.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. First, I am very happy with how we've managed pricing in the first quarter where we had the ability to make price changes. As we've said, especially we had a lot of quarterly pricing or in some cases annual pricing, but Chemical Intermediates just did a fantastic job of raising prices and keeping up with raws in the first quarter and then of course we benefited with the heads rolling off. As we go into the second quarter, it's important to keep in mind that even with the recent drop in propylene prices for one month, the propylene prices, the propane prices, the natural gas prices, the methanol prices are all exceptionally higher than they were a year-ago for Q2 and they were much-much higher in Q1. And we still have those costs flowing through our inventory from Q1 even in Chemical Intermediates, it's a 1 to 3 flow-through where specialties are 3 to 6. So we see absolutely no reason to be reducing prices in the second quarter. I am very happy that we've got prices up in AFP and in Advanced Materials, most of that's quarterly priced. So that should be pretty solid through the quarter. And even in Chemical Intermediates, I think the competitors as well as us have much higher costs and we're still in the process of trying to recover those. And so I don't see any reason that prices should come off. Of course, competitive dynamics can dictate other outcomes, but we expect that we've increased the prices in order to keep increasing prices as we go into the third quarter.
Mark J. Costa: Well, I think that for the last question, there is obviously a lot of volatility in some of these raw material prices, where they've moved up a lot and some have come of a little bit lately, all of them which are still substantially higher than last year. So I think the pricing dynamics remain in place, where we – we're in the business of increasing prices, which is refreshing compared to the last two years, and I think healthy for the industry. So I think that, that will continue. You have to keep in mind for Chemical Intermediates, you've got the hedge starting to be a sequential headwind from first quarter to second quarter. But the hedge cost obviously is less than last year, but it's still a sequential headwind. So that will have an impact on CI earnings. But overall, I think the industry is pretty tight, and when it comes to lot of these market dynamics that are going on right now, some of it is supply driven, and so we'll have to see how that resolves itself and impacts market dynamics, as we move to the back half of the year.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Bob. So, I'm talking about Advanced Materials. It's just a great story of innovation and success that we've been building for many years now and it's great to see us deliver earnings growth this year in the first quarter on top of 20% compounded growth in the last four years. And doing it in a way where we've done it through volume/mix and improved actually margins in an increasing raw material environment with currency headwinds, I mean it's just a great demonstration of a business delivering organic growth. And as you said, a big driver is Tritan, a huge success story especially in the first quarter. We had a lot of great wins last year and a number of customers filling their shelves with our polymer into their products, that drove very high growth in Tritan in the first quarter and we expect a very good strong growth for the rest of the year and maybe not quite as high as 1Q, but still very attractive. Same thing with the acoustics and heads-up display interlayers, you've got double-digit volume growth, as we're growing in the windshields and moving to the side lamps and sunroofs of the car, so we're getting more real estate per car, getting into new models, and just seeing tremendous growth and we still have a lot of room for growth there. We're probably in the third inning of penetration in the automotive market. We've actually seeing good recovery in architectural in Europe, in particular, which is very attractive for us on the interlayers business. So, rocking and rolling there with double-digit growth. Performance films, same story. We launched some very creative and successful channel strategies in China and North America, which are two largest markets for performance films. These are the tinted window films on cars. And seeing tremendous growth through the auto channel, the auto dealers in addition to the aftermarket stores, and now, really seeing tremendous success in this paint protection film. We had the best film that's been in the market when we bought Commonwealth, and now we've developed a new product that is even better and getting tremendous success. So we really have innovation basically everywhere, across this portfolio and what's great is most of these are proprietary products where you only have one competitor in some of them, and the customers really see us as an essential part of their success, and what they are offering to the market, and we have great relationships in all of them.
Mark J. Costa: I think we're really establishing that we've got one of the best product and market development capabilities in the industry proving it through this business and you're going to start seeing the same proof in Additives & Functional Products as we move through this year and the next.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks. Adhesives has been a fantastic business for us. It's had tremendous earnings growth and quite attractive margins the last couple of years. And as we've said in past calls, a lot of that is – due to tight market conditions. These are great attractive end markets that can have a lot of growth. And the growth rates are improving, we used to think about as 4% to 5% growth and it's now up to 5% to 7%, where you see such tremendous growth in hygiene products, in hot-melt adhesive packaging. So, we're very encouraged by what we see in the market. But as you noted, there is capacity coming online. We're feeling some of that pressure this year in our C5 resins with some capacity and the prices have come off a bit. And there is more capacity coming online on our hydrogenated resin at the end of this year, into next year, and we'll feel some price pressure from that. But as you look at the margins and the ROIC of this business, it's just fantastic. When you think about specialty businesses, they're great attractive businesses, attractive margins, ability to grow faster than the market, but there is still always going to be some amount of cyclicality in any individual product when a competitor brings some capacity online whether it's an impact on volume or margins as you cycle through. But what I love about AFP as well as Advanced Materials is, it's a robust portfolio, diverse set of end-markets, diverse set of products and that diversity gives you strength as you sort of absorb those sort of trends that happen naturally in any of these businesses.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. What I love about our growth story in the first quarter is, it's innovation-driven. We have attractive markets and they're delivering good growth and they're nice diverse set of markets that are relatively stable, whether it's transportation, B&C, consumables, personal care, ag and animal nutrition. And even in the large markets like transportation, B&C, high portion of that is pretty stable, because it's re-finish replacement tires type business. And then on top of that, we're layering in our innovation growth that will continue through the year, allowing us to grow faster than the underlying markets. There was some additional demand in the first quarter. As I mentioned, Tritan had a huge number of wins and there were some high levels of orders to help some of our customers load the shelves with our Tritan in their products. And there was some additional seasonal demand in AFP, strong de-icing year, strong crop protection – I'm sorry, not year, but quarter. And strong crop protection demand as well in the quarter. So there is a little bit of seasonal dynamics. Regarding pre-buying, I don't think there has been that much. There may have been a little bit in tires, but we don't see a lot of that at this stage.
Mark J. Costa: One thing I'd add is what I love about our story is not only just delivering great earnings growth through the specialty businesses, but we're generating $1 billion of free cash flow and that includes spending material amount of CapEx on specialty projects to enable long-term growth not just trying to deliver short-term growth. So it's just a compelling story that we can have one of the strongest free cash flows in this industry and still invest in long-term growth so we can keep this going as we move forward beyond this year and into the future.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Kevin. Great question. And we're excited about all these growth investments we're making and delivering against them. With returns on capital, we expect to deliver 12% to 15% ROIC in most of our large-scale capital investments like these and certainly have done that in the past and we expect to continue that going forward. And relative to our cost of capital these days, that's an extremely attractive return for shareholders. When it comes to sort of Tritan, you brought up a great point about not just Tritan but actually our interlayers business as well as our cellulosic stream is, we are masters at upgrading value on an integrated asset base and core technology stream where we're the best in the world of developing new applications from these streams. So, you need to think about it with Tritan, we started out with PET assets. We've upgraded those into copolyester assets that was a great success story for many years and still growing quite well. And now, we're upgrading those same assets, so same PET assets are being repurposed into Tritan. And now, then monomer capacity to make the TMCD to make Tritan is obviously new capital, but you're leveraging this huge infrastructure base in our Chemical Intermediates to make all the intermediates to go into this copolyesters as well as the actual polymer assets themselves and constantly upgrading, and that gives you a great ROIC because you're not having to rebuild or create new ground-up capacity all the time. It's the same story in interlayers, where we make a standard interlayer for decades and now we're making acoustics and heads-up display interlayer on the same asset at substantially higher margins and that's why we keep emphasizing the mix upgrade. It's not just the variable margins are higher, but the leverage on the existing assets is tremendous. And then a great example is, not only are we – we've been doing this in Tritan for copolyesters, we're now porting it into polyester coatings and that's a pretty tough business if you're just selling standard polyester coatings, but, like Tritan, we can upgrade substantially what we can offer to the market with our Tetrashield products at much higher margins, and seeing great success there in both automotive. We've gone from one interested customer a year ago to 10 engaged with us now around the world interested in our products, as well as seeing great success for Tetrashield as a BPA-free can coating to replace epoxy with better performance in what's being offered in the market today by the first-generation of polyesters out there. So it's, again, leveraged assets, leverage acceleration filling out those assets as we bring the coating market on as well as thermoplastic product extensions.
Mark J. Costa: And, Frank, looking beyond just the sort of share shift dynamics and what's going on this year, we really feel like we're making great progress in stabilizing this business. And when you think about all the actions that we've taken, I think it's certainly going to get more stable. We've obviously done a lot to sort of reduce our capacity, shutting the U.K. asset down, exiting the flake joint venture. Two-thirds of our volume now in the long-term agreements that allow us to provide stability for our customers and ourselves, continue to make progress on how we take costs out across the company, but as well as specifically in this business and we still have more opportunities to improve through productivity there. And then you think about our innovation efforts, that will start kicking into gear this year and be more meaningful next year, finding new applications in other markets, outside of cigarettes. And I'm really impressed with the progress that team has made and the success we're having there. So you put all that together and I think we've got a good situation to stabilize this business. One other thing to keep in perspective is, China tow now is closely becoming irrelevant to the overall story. When you think about, it only – it being less than 10% of our revenue this year and Fibers being around 10% of our total revenue, we're now got something that's 1% of our corporate revenue and that we're talking about as far as future import uncertainty when it comes to China. So we're not happy about where we are and how earnings have dropped associated with that business. But as you think about it going forward, that just adds another element of stability, because there is just less risk there.
Mark J. Costa: So Taminco has been a great acquisition, really done incredibly well. As you noted methanol obviously came off with oil dropping from $150 and that created some pressure on our earnings in 2015 and 2016, but most of the contraction in Taminco are cost pass-through tied to market methanol. And as you noted we have an advantaged methanol position for a part of our cost structures. So as oil has gone up that's been helping that business improve this year versus last. So that's all sort of on track as you would expect. On the growth side, a lot of the business that they are in is quite stable personal care, animal nutrition, even our crop protection business in the additives & functional products business is perishable products. These are high value typically green product, green vegetables or flowers whatever so there is not as much demand cyclicality as you hear about in sort of corn and soy bean. So the only place we've been caught in these sort of crop demand cycle is in some of our functional amines over in Chemical Intermediates. And obviously our demand was off with the industry where we are starting to see some recovery there this year, but there is still a lot of room for growth and recovery there, that we're looking forward to realizing as we move forward from this year into the next.
Mark J. Costa: Well, I think that, what I'm proud of is, we've been very responsible managing our cost structure and taking out capacity to be better aligned in serving our customers doing what we can do in the last couple of years with the UK tow shutdown and our exit of flake JV. We're down to our last flake asset, and the tow that goes with it and we have the lowest cost position with our integration back to coal and our largest – larger scale in the industry. So, we've done what we can do. Regards the industry consolidation, I don't think, we play a direct role in that, I think it's really up to what the other three players choose to do, and it's better to ask them what they think is going to happen.
Mark J. Costa: Oh, sure. P.J., I think that we have the best innovation capability hands down when it comes to taking a technology stream, and taking it into a wide range of new applications. We've been doing it for 90 years. We've done it in polyester, we've done in cellulosics, we've done it in a narrow part of olefins, we know how to do this. We've created all these different products for the industry. So we didn't stop suddenly and run out of ideas. When the two assets are running really tight, there wasn't a lot of need to do it. But as we saw things start to get a little bit softer in 2014, we formed the best people we had across the company in market development, and product development, and they just had tremendous success in developing a range of new applications. We're not going to talk about them specifically at this point because we are still in the middle of getting them in the market, and getting all the IP finalized on some of these opportunities, but we'll be telling you more about it as we go through the year, but – and the margins aren't going to be as good as tow just to be clear. There are some that are low margins, some that are pretty attractive margins, but it's all against zero at the moment with the excess capacity we have. So it's all good earnings growth going forward.
Mark J. Costa: Well, what we've talked about is the scope of our assets that were available is excess ethylene that's the baseline, because we don't feel that we're potentially the most natural owner of that excess ethylene position. And what we've talked about on top of it is – we are willing to talk to different parties about some of the more commodity olefins for those crackers. We have not sized that John, and that's because it varies by party. But the baseline is definitely at least the excess ethylene.
Mark J. Costa: Yeah. We're always looking for how to build the quality of our current businesses and so the bolt-ons are always an opportunity in addition to the organic growth that we are doing. And so that's always a consideration that we have when we look at how to best deploy our free cash flow, but I'll tell you right now we don't have anything active. But I certainly hope, we find some attractive acquisitions I think we've demonstrated that we have a very impressive track record of doing great acquisitions, and doing them in ways that we don't overpay for them. I like the fact that we haven't paid over 10 times for anything, 9 times for our two largest acquisitions and synergies, giving us EBITDA multiples below 7. I think that's a good return for investors; but more importantly by far, we've done an excellent job of integrating these acquisitions into our company without losing any key talent. And more importantly beyond that is, we are now demonstrating that we can not only innovate in our core heritage Eastman technologies, but we can deliver innovation through our acquisitions and grow them equally well. And you're seeing that evidence right now with a strong growth in our interlayers business and acoustics and heads-up display. You see the next generation Crystex technology being launched next generation paint performance film. So really a great story about how we create value through acquisitions.
Mark J. Costa: Asia's been great, China including that – in that statement which is the largest market for us. We've seen great growth in our specialty businesses both advanced materials and additives & functional products, saw growth in automotive as well as building construction and consumer durables are all showing great growth. In fact, it's impressive when you look at our quarterly revenue growth in Asia being 3.5% over last year in the first quarter, when you consider the drop we had in fibers revenue in Asia. So I think it tells you that the growth in Asia is quite a bit stronger than what you are seeing in the specialties, when you do the net math on that.
Mark J. Costa: The plasticizer market has certainly become a lot better, partly it's propylene cost and oil prices being higher raising the cost structures of our competitors. In addition, the anti-dumping duties that we pursued against South Korea for some imports coming in and that suit being validated in the preliminary findings in the U.S. has led to a pretty material drop in – already a pretty material drop in the imports coming in from that country, allowing us both volume growth and price improvement in that market, we feel really good about that. And I think I've already covered the adhesives conversation, Arun with the prices coming off a bit there.
Curtis E. Espeland: And David, this is Curt. If I could also add, when we think about the shaping of the earnings for the year that has been pretty consistent with what we were thinking about in January. We've been talking about pricing catching up to higher raw materials, and we've talked about Fibers volumes increase in the back half of this year. The impact of lower hedge costs as they flow through the last three quarters of the year, as well as kind of our growth programs gained momentum through the year. So, the other thing that I think has been consistent net-net as we kind of expect our earnings to be evenly split between the first half and second half of the year, it's maybe a little bit more weighted towards the second half of the year as we compare it to last year, but similar to Mark, I am very pleased with the business performance that remains on track, delivering the earnings growth we talked about and then the removal of the tax headwind.
Curtis E. Espeland: And, Mark, if I just could clarify the lower hedge cost will be a benefit for CI somewhat partially in the first quarter and will be a benefit the rest of the year.
Curtis E. Espeland: And, Bob, it's just really exciting to celebrate the 10 year anniversary of Tritan. And as I mentioned earlier in the call, that has moved to a $300 million business over that timeframe. And with the expansions that we're adding, we can nearly double that revenue over that future.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, it depends. So, if you think about just our goals for 2017, we talked about that $1 billion of free cash flow, and $300 million goes with that nice dividend that we have in the industry, $300 million. And so the rest is going to be split between share repurchases and debt deleveraging. And so if you combine that with kind of our EBITDA growth that we expect this year, we're getting closing the gap between where to start the year and kind of that targeted 2.5 times debt to EBITDA kind of in shortcut fashion. And so when it gets into 2018, we'll look at how much deleveraging we further have to complete depending on our EBITDA growth we expect for that time and we'll kind of gauge our capital allocation as we get closer to the end of the year.
Curtis E. Espeland: No, the other competing asset within marketplace, so we weren't quite sure it was really impacting our process, but nonetheless, it's good to see that transaction get done. And I think we're the only cracker facility that's out there for availability right now. As it relates to the status of that, I feel that we're continuing to make good progress with a number of parties actively engaged with us. Again, as I mentioned before, the variety of options are from an outright sale, partnership, joint venture or whatever the case may be. But we continue to have interest given the quality and reliability of our assets and you've heard me say it and I'll say it again, we're going to be a patient seller, but we're making good progress and I'm still hopeful that we have something to talk about by mid-year.
Curtis E. Espeland: Hey, Jeff. Curt. Good morning. So if you think about the effects of the PDH unit, that is – what you described in the latter point – that is just taking a shift in sourcing of some of that propylene. So we're buying some of the propylene in the market today and with the PDH unit that we'll participate in that will be the source of that propylene and become more of a propane-based source of propylene for us from a cost standpoint. So it doesn't really impact our derivatives and what we're able to sell into the marketplace. On Tritan itself, the expansion that we're in the process of completing and look forward to coming forward, that increases our capacity about 80%.
Curtis E. Espeland: So if you look at our capital expenditures, you think of our maintenance capital in that $300 million to $350 million range. The rest of it is the growth capital and a good portion of that growth capital will be spent on the projects you just defined. Most of those projects, as you can see our CapEx is pretty – higher in the first quarter than it was last year. So you can see...
Curtis E. Espeland: ...we're really working hard on those capital projects. I know the Crystex facility is going to be mechanically to complete later this year. Tritan, this year, may be carrying it to next year.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, let's talk about that as we get towards the end of the year in our capital allocation. When you have an innovation program like Eastman, yes, some of these projects are going to – to be completed and come down, but then you'll also have to assume we have additional growth projects that are in the hopper. So, it's logical to assume that's coming – going to come down, but at the same token, give us the right to bring forward other growth capital projects as we get towards the end of the year.
Curtis E. Espeland: Kevin, what I would say is that, our target is 12% to 15%, some projects particularly, maybe like the Tritan, could be higher than that.
Curtis E. Espeland: So, the answer to your answer, Frank – this is Curt – the answer is, yes. We have a good portion of our business under long-term agreements. What we've talked about is we're kind of going through this transition of some of our customer mix and so that's why we understand what's happening in our volumes in this business, where we're going to see volumes improve the second half of the year versus the first half. And because of those customer relationships and the confidence we have in managing through the transition is the outlook we have for Fibers.
Curtis E. Espeland: Sure. Well, Mark mentioned our aggressive cost actions are on track to deliver about $100 million of cost reduction year-over-year. As a reminder, Frank, these are actions that include labor, site optimization, energy efficiency, et cetera. So given the nature of that, I would say roughly 75% of our cost reductions are going to be kind of in that manufacture and supply chain cost area and with its large manufacturing base, Chemical Intermediates gets a good portion of those cost reductions in their results. And so, you saw some of those benefits in the first quarter. Sometimes when things are going through inventory, it's always hard to predict exactly what was in first quarter versus the rest of the year, but the simplest way I'd look at the $100 million of cost reductions, good line of sight, we're implementing as we speak and all these are generally spread throughout the year evenly.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yeah. So, we're happy about the growth we've seen in the volume side and we expect good volume growth as we go forward. When it comes to the pricing side of equation, we were successful in getting price increases implemented in many products across the olefins, cellulosics, and amines products. As already noted, prices are coming off of a little bit in adhesives and we're seeing prices come off a little bit in Crystex, which has been a natural dynamic for some time. So, we net it all together, we'll see prices go up in the second quarter. We are still intending to continue increasing prices beyond the second quarter as well, as these raw materials flow through. But I think it's more of a back half dynamic than a front half, when you start seeing the earnings growth on a year-over-year basis, because the raw materials spike was pretty big and the first quarter flows through pretty slowly especially. So, we've still got to work our way through that in the second quarter.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, maybe, I don't want to get into the business of trying to forecast the pricing of the different olefins. Maybe the better way that I could address your question is, kind of how we're looking at cracking spreads, maybe a better way to approach it. And so when you're looking over our cracking spreads, they are a little better year-over-year in the first quarter than we probably were anticipating back in January. And we're still thinking for the rest of this year, there is going to be some ebbs and flows, but generally speaking we're assuming spreads will remain the same roughly for the remainder of the year as they were last year.
Curtis E. Espeland: No, I don't think, there is any reason for us to think 2018 is another modest leg lower. Obviously, it's not completely up to us and how the market dynamics play out, but from a demand point of view, we see stability. As I said, we're down to – China tow import business being a very small percentage of fibers and a rounding area in the corporate story. So, it's not as big of an issue as it was two years to three years ago, but we'll have to see. I mean, I think that we've done everything we can do, I'm very encouraged by what we see in the industry, I mean we're encouraged by how we're going to fill these assets with new applications. So, we're planning on stability in 2018 relative to 2017.
