Curt Espeland: The way to look at it, just to break that $0.15 impact you had about $25 million in costs associated with the Texas facility. An additional $5-10 million you will see in the second quarter. Then revenue from the licensor was $12 million benefit. 
Curt Espeland: Our definition of free cash flow is just our operating cash flow less our capital expenditures and less our dividend. So yes, it does include the dividend. It does not include if we put that cash to work on acquisitions like Genovique. 
Curt Espeland: As you mentioned the board does decide our dividend policy but from the standpoint of options we look at ways to put our strategic cash to work. We talked about the four buckets across growth as well as how do we return cash to the shareholders. We do look for ways to return cash to shareholders in the most efficient way possible. Right now our dividends build is a nice solid a little over 2.6-2.7%. That still benchmarks relative to the company. We will look at different ways to return cash to shareholders but right now the dividend seems to be in a good place. 
Curt Espeland: I am not quite sure of your math but I think as it looks to, we have a good balance sheet. We have debt of roughly $1.2 billion. We have cash sitting on our balance sheet and as we have talked about before we are going to generate positive free cash flow not only this year but for the next couple of years. 
Curt Espeland: Part of it is as Jim talked about we are three months into the year. Part of it also depends on how volumes perform in the second half of the year so we can get a feel for how much working capital changes right towards the end of the year. If sales are strong at the end of the year then we are going to have more receivables and less operating cash flow. If sales come off a little bit then we will have more cash flow. So it is mostly how working capital and how sales perform at the end of the year. 
Curt Espeland: I think what we are trying to show is just what is our cash flow generation potential. That $200 million of strategic cash is still available any time we want to. It is just in the form of a line of credit rather than having those receivables come back on our books. I will leave it to you whether you want to include it or exclude it. The reality is our cash flow generation and the amount of strategic cash we have to put to work is the same. 
Jim Rogers: I guess that is always a chance. We will see. I think the bigger driving force will be how successful are we with the upgrade in the mix. If you just take your choices, you are running your acetyl stream hard, your flywheel is going to be selling acid in the North American market but then to the extent you can upgrade that into other derivatives you will. That is going to have a more powerful impact.  If you get over to the olefin stream, there it is maybe more the case you are talking about where there may be a fly up in more of the commodity side. Overall we are pretty optimistic and pretty bullish that we have a good mix going. If anything I would say there is a little more risk on the margin compression in terms of just following the laws and the pricing. That is where we are paying a lot of attention and that is what we are going to be focusing on. Assuming the volumes stay strong and keep coming back to the economy which is of course a big assumption then we are really going to have our work cut out for us to make sure we do our best to having pricing following raw and energy, maintain that margin. I am a little less worried about a negative mix effect. Like I said, historically typically we will be able to work on the mix and improve the mix as the volumes come back. 
Jim Rogers: We will see. We already had some of that pressure in the first quarter. So like on CASPI we got squeezed a little bit on the margins there because of that. Of course you don’t typically get into individual price increases but not just us, the whole industry is trying to be fairly aggressive not to get burned this time as raw move. So putting polyester aside for a second because that is always a whole other story with the PET and paraxylenes I think the rest of our businesses are probably going to be able to do pretty well pricing versus raw and energy. 
Jim Rogers: Oh yeah. I just got back from Singapore and Shanghai. I don’t know how to describe it but there is a multitude of opportunities there. Things like our Tritan product are really just getting traction there. I can only imagine how good the demand and the growth for that is going to be there especially our products in CASPI. It is the exact same thing. You know what is going on. Eastman has products that give certain performance characteristics. A lot of times they save labor or higher quality and therefore as the middle class grows and they can afford say better paint, for example, they are going to do that because labor costs more to paint in 3 years versus 5 or 7 years. So they are going to use our products for better product to save labor. You can just see that happening.  The same thing switching to disposable diapers from cloth diapers, etc. I could give you a bunch of examples. I can only see good things coming for our business in Asia. 
Jim Rogers: We are. I took that as the gist of your question. I will try to back up but if you are going to nail me down exactly. We want to do both. We would be comfortable having more assets there. The acquisitions, we have done two acquisitions that have assets in China and we would like to do more. 
Jim Rogers: You are kind of seeing it aren’t you? That is the way it was in the first quarter and you are seeing the profitability. We are very competitive being coal-based in Tennessee. I don’t care if natural gas is $4 or $8. We are still quite competitive where we are with our Tennessee operation being coal-based. I guess I would have to say the same thing about propylene. You know what is going on in the world with ethylene and propylene with propylene being made in Japan and all that kind of stuff. That is not a negative for us is really all I want to say about that. I think the proof is in the pudding. You are seeing it in our results. 
Jim Rogers: I probably would not want to even if I could. It is an advantage. I think we demonstrate that over the years. There is probably some way you could do some R-squared going back on our results versus someone else’s results but we have not tried to. 
Jim Rogers: Yes and we do have another one right now as I think I mentioned in my remarks. CTP in Taiwan where we would expect an additional payment either end of this year or beginning of next year I think for that one. We are trying to be very strategic about it. We are not just licensing anybody and everybody. We are trying to be intelligent about it. We have a game plan. We look to do one typically every couple of years. That is not a commitment or a guarantee. That is just on the acetyl side. Of course we have a licensing effort in the [oxers] and we have a licensing effort with IntegRex as well. I think about the licensing stream of income as starting to become fairly steady. You can count on a little each year but it is frankly not big enough, it is an effort that is very worthwhile to do but it is not big enough most analysts try and focus on it. 
Jim Rogers: A lot of it was easy comps. I don’t know how you would kind of nail it down exactly but just look back at what you are comparing it to. I never would have thought they would be as low as they were first quarter last year so part of that huge percentage increases have to be that. I can also tell you we are trying to be very up front that some of the performance this first quarter has to be some inventory rebuild. It is hard to know how much because frankly demand came on so strong I think a lot of people are having trouble building their inventories. I know there are places where we want more inventory and we just can’t catch up and get to the inventory level we want. While I know it is going on, I don’t think it was a huge part of the performance this quarter. 
Jim Rogers: It is quite low right now. So without an exact number, just to remind you we have a monomer plant at 60ktm. We did a first polymer plant that is 30kmt. It is that first polymer plant we would expect we would fill that up sometime next year. Originally it would two years to fill it up and now we are saying it will probably get filled up sometime during 2011. So that gives you a sense of how the polymer line is running as well as you see the monomer plant the big one that is running at a very low utilization rate right now. 
Jim Rogers: That is because we don’t know you. If you are asking what price we are selling the Tritan for I guess you could just call up the customer service desk. I don’t have the quote and it probably depends on where you are in the world and what kind of customer you are. I can tell you the demand is great right now. It is exceeding our expectations and we are very pleased. 
Jim Rogers: I would say similar. What is going through my mind right now is the trade offs are the logistics of where that plant will sell. So it will sell in Asia and so it will have an advantage logistically to say a North American asset or a working asset for serving Asia. It won’t have the scale we do back here in Tennessee. The flight comes from Tennessee. It is a little hard to trace through. It is going to have a good return on the asset. I would assume it is not quite as good as what we do here in Tennessee but it will be just fine. In particular it will serve our customers in Asia and that is what we wanted to do and keep them happy. 
Jim Rogers: I guess for PCI and for a number of the businesses a couple of things. One we seasonally are a little heavier in the first half of the year than the second half and we are trying to reflect that historic norm. That has held true more years than not and we think it will probably hold true again this year. That is part of it. Part of it is we know of specific things that pulled sales forward from the second half to the first half, more so in plastics than in PCI. We know there were some outages in the PCI arena. Some other competitors were down the same way we were down except we have a license fee to offset ours being out. We just kind of roll all that together and say the first half of the year is going to be quite good. The second half of the year will fall off. 
Jim Rogers: Before Curt answers the dividend let me just correct you a little bit. Our announcement said we hired a banker and we are looking at our alternatives. We will see what the best alternative is for Eastman in terms of whether we exit the business, sell the business and whatever alternatives might be out there. This isn’t a case where we have to sell. I am expecting we will have strong interest but I am straight up when I say we will determine who the highest and best owner of this business is. It could very well lead to a divestiture but that is not what our statement said. I will let Curt talk to the dividend. 
Jim Rogers: Curt may comment on this too but when we say a better market I think we are meaning we see more opportunities. There are more things shaking loose and we are starting to get some traction with the pipeline. Let’s put it that way. I am not sure the valuations look any different to us. We are still going to be just as picky as we have ever been. We really like this Genovique thing. The more we get into it and the more we see it, that one by the way I think is going to close the end of this month or so. We would love to do more like that. We would love to do some a little bit bigger than that and that means a few hundred million dollars. 
Jim Rogers: I don’t think that would be a stumbling block. We have obviously thought this through for a long time before we would make this announcement. We know the business is divisible. Yes specialty plastics as an individual business will have to see how it deals with its intermediate stream and capacity utilization. Of course it is growing nicely so it is one of these things where it will grow in to some of the intermediates that now go to PET. I think we can scale the business we are left with if we decide to divest PET. We can scale it such that it is not going to be a major issue for Eastman. 
Jim Rogers: I like the way you think but let me just back up and give the logic again. You can make your own determination. We said 2012 back at Investors Day what we did was we said we thought we could do about $6 per share when we are back to running in those low 90’s, full kind of recovery level. We guestimated that recovery would be in 2012. To the extent the recovery happens faster or we reach those levels faster then yes the earnings should be there faster. But it is hard for me to guestimate how 2011 and 2012 are going to go. We just got three months out of a 12-month year under our belt so I don’t want us to get too far ahead of ourselves. 
Jim Rogers: We just have to put more quarters together. Very much we believe it is an achievable target. In fact we are pushing the business to see how quickly they can get there. A lot of it has to do with Tritan and if Tritan continues its momentum such that the $30 million drag we will have this year when that goes away you can just put that into the numbers as well. It is starting to get easier for people to see how we get to that $100-125 million. The strength of the core businesses is real. The shrink film, packaging film, what is going into the displays marketplace is very real. Most people don’t expect that to slow down. They think that is going to continue to be quite strong. We are looking at adding capacity in this business. The real proof in the pudding again is going to come from starting to stream some quarters together for people so they can see it for themselves. 
Jim Rogers: There is some seasonality because there is a big chunk of the specialty plastics business that goes into packaging so in that regard typically your fourth quarter is your weakest quarter. First and second are better quarters. Maybe second and third may be the best quarters. Again, we knew specific things why this quarter was fairly strong. We pulled some customer sales forward into the first quarter but the underlying trends are solid. This is a business that is heading towards $100-125 million and because of Tritan I can easily see a path to get there as it swings from a negative to a positive.  Paraxylene is always a concern for especially plastics. It is more of a specialties business. A lot of times the pricing isn’t quite as transparent. If the raw goes up you raise your price and if the raw goes down you lower your price. I think the guys are doing a noticeably better job on doing that right now and also I think the pressure some of the other competing materials are under you can kind of see how often we are winning just by looking at our volume growth. You can see we are winning when we come head to head with the other competing materials. That is something we always have to watch for. Can your pricing keep up with the raw, but right now I think we are doing a pretty good job. 
