James Rogers: Yes, and thanks for the compliment, by the way. I got to be careful when I start to pin down certain markets in terms of how tight they are. So -- but let me speak broadly. And in particular, within CASPI and PCI is where you would see most of that. And a lot of it has to do with demand, but I think the main driver is the fact that supply is tight. And I think it has to do -- if I just try and think it through, I think it has a lot to do with just how bad the downturn was a couple of years ago, how people put off a lot of their plans. Just now, you're seeing capacity announcements et cetera, and you know what it's like in our industry. It's going to take a while for that stuff to come on stream. So I look within CASPI, solvents, the Resins market, the adhesives part has been quite tight. PCI, many of their markets, and the olefins oxo world are quite tight. I can't think of any market that you would consider to be loose. And so I think this is probably a trend that the whole industry is going to see going for quite sometime.
James Rogers: Yes, we don't want you to draw the wrong conclusion. I mean, if we see the right opportunities, we're more than willing to put the cash to work. But there wasn't an implication there that no matter what, we're going to put over $1 billion to work in the next few months. That's not what we're saying at all. And in fact, you can judge by our track record just how disciplined we are. I do think our pipeline has improved for acquisitions. Curt and I have talked about it, and we think we're likely to get 2 or 3 deals done this year, more than likely on the small-ish to medium-size, so probably just a few hundred million in total. Doesn't mean we wouldn't look at something bigger. It's just we're trying to be realistic in order to see the values we like. And to get the kind of deal we like, we're just going to have to continue to be very disciplined. On the rest, stock buyback, whatever, the dividend, again, it's been a consistent story where we really think how you put your cash to work is one of the key things that creates value for shareholders, and so we're trying to look across all our options and pick off the best ones in each bucket.
James Rogers: Yes, I'm going to let Curt try and do the numbers, but one thing I want to give credit to our guys on that one. I mean, I've been reading a lot lately about people talking about adding capacity. You think about it, we made the decision probably a year ago now, that this would be a good thing to do. And so we got it online the end of last year, and I think maybe we're a little ahead on that, and that's one of the reasons we're benefiting now. But it's definitely material. The other thing I'll remind you is we actually had a cracker down first quarter last year. So the comparison's perhaps a little more dramatic than you might think. I want -- Curt, I do not know what more you want to add.
James Rogers: I can't think of a time we have not been advantaged by being on coal, P.J. So it will move around. I would not call it an extraordinary spread now given the gas finds, et cetera, in the States. Still, we still think we're quite advantaged. A little stuff that we don't often get to talk about, one of the projects we've had over the past year and half is in our gasification plan to diversify what kinds of coal we can use and where the coal comes from, which can keep us from having to pay near-met coal prices for that type coal to -- we can use stuff that looks a lot more like steam coal. And we made great progress on that. And that's one of the things we'll benefit from long-term, that, that coal cost can look more like steam coal than near-met coal. And so I think that's an advantage that's going to stick to our roots.
James Rogers: What it suggests is we think that, that propane propylene spread may come in a little in the second half of the year, and that would be our expectation just looking at the historic charts and seeing how it's moving around. If it stays where it is today in April, then I would guess we would do better than what we said.
James Rogers: No, not so much that near-term. I mean, long term, you know there'll be more adds. What we see going forward, though, the adds on propylene will probably be on purpose adds, probably have a little different cost position. It gives you pause to make a decision when you got to do something on purpose versus it's just a byproduct. But it's just a matter of forecasting, and I'm surprised, Frank, you didn't bust our chops on forecasting again.
James Rogers: I was ready for you, so I'll use my line anyway. I was going to say that we're going to stick to what we're good at, and others can beat us on the forecasting, we'll just stick to the actual results.
James Rogers: Yes, I mean operating rates are high, obviously. By the way, they're not as high as they've ever been. I mean we still got more room on our existing assets, so. But you'd be at that bottom 90-kind-of-percent range this past quarter, and we got room to operate a little higher than that. The key thing for us when I look out a little bit and I kind of think '12 over '11 -- because we started working on that sometime ago, one of the main drivers for improvement there is going to be the capacity adds that we talked about in our comments, those coming online and kicking in for 2012. But we got more juice in our existing plants. A couple of places where we're awfully tight, the resins and core adhesives, and a couple of other places. But we got a little more juice in our core assets.
James Rogers: No, not at all. I mean, I asked the same question, Frank, when I -- when it all rolled up. What's going on? And it's really more a factor of just how well the other regions did, and in particular with PCI, you start up a cracker, so North America is going to have an outstanding quarter. You have an acquisition in Genovique that drives Europe and North America. So it's more like we just got the typical expected kind of growth in Asia, and the other regions had some special stuff going on.
James Rogers: And Jeff, let me tag on that, and forgive me for using your airtime to do this, but the tax rate was one of the things I want to mention when I look longer-term. I mean, I see that as upside. I can't imagine getting much more worse than 33%. And as we go to drive our strategy, that's one of the things I want us to consider more is how do we bring that down. Because it's not lost on me that some of the other guys in the industry have noticeably lower taxes. And I think about what's going on in Congress right now, again that's upside. Now that I'm sitting here today, I'd rather have a tax rate above the kind of range they're talking about than below if I think something could really happen there. So I don't know what the odds are, but there's probably upside. And if I -- and that was just going to be one of the macro trends I wanted to mention because as I look at longer-term stuff, we -- I think the propane propylene spread is going to be at elevated levels for quite some time when we look at how fast people can bring capacity on, so that's a positive. It may not stay as high as it is today, but it's going to be up there. I think oil being up generally advantages Eastman overall, unless it kills end market demand for everybody. But overall, buying coal and propane, ethane is a positive compared to the guys who are starting with a different base. We'll take advantage of emerging markets and sustainability, maybe equal to or a little better than most. But a declining dollar, that trend, that probably advantages Eastman. Higher inflation, we've been eating inflation from the guys up-pipe of us. And so the more inflation that comes downpipe -- maybe not long-term good for the country and the world, but it may help on the pricing getting passed along, higher interest rates had also helped on the pension pressure that everyone's feeling across industry. I think the regulatory threats that I used to worry much more about have cooled down some with a split Congress. So I look at some longer-term trends -- I'm fine being a major shareholder, at least personally, Eastman being a major shareholder in my portfolio.
James Rogers: Well, that's something -- it's not a no-brainer that we bring it up. Let me say it that way. I mean, the one we did bring up was a pretty quick decision. I think we've already been paid back for the money we spent to bring it up. So that was probably an easier decision than we thought it was. This next one is not so easy. It wasn't just we idled it. We actually shut it down. You kind of run until you would've done a major turnaround then you don't do it then you rob it for parts. And so what goes into the math on that one, Jeff, is how long would it take you to get it back up, how much money would you spend and how long do you think the spreads are there? And what else can you do? And there's a number of alternatives versus just bringing it back up and continuing to crack like you do in the other 3. So we're going through all of that now. Would I like to have already made a decision on how we can approach that? Yes, but the guys are being cautious and they're trying to understand what all the options are versus just crank it back up the way it used to be cranked up.
James Rogers: Yes, it's funny. It's -- I mean we do look for both. We look for some kind of sustainable competitive advantage as you might imagine. I think about Genovique, and I hadn't really thought about it as a raw material play, but not bad with benzoic acid and plasticizer marketplace in general if you think about that spread you just talked about and then go into 2-EH and then go into our plasticizers. There is an advantage. So if I could build off of that, I would. Most of the opportunities so far seem to be in the PCI area, some popping up in CASPI. We've already done the kind of inorganic stuff in Fibers with the announcement of Korea and China. It may also depend some size, Jeff, now that I think about it. So to get that raw material advantage maybe bigger things. Some of the smaller things we're looking at usually already fit in to one of our streams, and you just take advantage of what you've got.
James Rogers: Well, I'm going to have Curt try and ballpark that for you, and I'll just take this moment to say that I'm pleased with how the business guys in our supply chain et cetera have been able to handle some virtually dramatic moves in raw materials and still deliver the results they got. So just to give you an idea, paraxylene, I gave you kind of quarter-over-quarter moves, but April to April, year-over-year looks like 60% to 70% move in paraxylene and yet Specialty Plastics delivered the results they did. Curt, I don't know how much you what to quantify raws.
James Rogers: Well, what we're saying is approaching $100 million. And again, some of the stuff that's harder for you to see, we mention the paraxylene, but we offset some more capacity coming on in that business as we've talked about. And what we've seen is your income statement takes a hit of a few million dollars, as you're bringing that stuff up, just the expenses of having to shut something down, to tie it in et cetera, as well as going from capitalized interest to whatever. I mean, Curt knows all this stuff on how it works. But I'm planning on them eating a little bit of expense for starting up capacity in the second half that they won't have had in the first half. So the main thing I know of when I look into the second quarter is just the flow-through of paraxylene, that the way that cost flows through our system, we'll feel more of that in the second quarter than we did in the first.
James Rogers: Yes, I mean, the guidance we're giving is Fibers will be a little better second quarter than first, but they're at a pretty nice level right now, so I don't expect a lot of volatility around those numbers. I mean their issue is they're going to have more volume in the second quarter will be one of the drivers, I believe. And the -- and first, on the pricing, we just wanted to point out that I know all you guys like to go through the volume percentages, pricing percentages, et cetera. You're just missing a little bit of the price increase in the first quarter. A lot of that doesn't kick in until, say, February. So January, a lot of times, you're on the old pricing. That's all.
James Rogers: We don't say our percentages. Others may want to go that route, but we negotiate with each customer individually. And our objective is to try and cover our increased costs, and we all know that there's -- wood pulp, in particular, was a significant increase. But we think Fibers will deliver the results we say, and that's a combination of volume, price, service, et cetera.
James Rogers: Yes, always. It's amazing. These assets have been around a long time and yet continually, some of that capital we spend goes to a minor de-bottleneck here or there. One of the mainstreams you're always looking to de-bottleneck is your acetyl stream, and there's no major thing I can point to other than the projects we've already pointed out. But much of it just goes to just excellent operation in terms of running the plants better than we have historically, even. And frankly, it sounds immodest, but we've been pretty good at running chemical plants. We're doing an excellent job right now.
James Rogers: Well, as you can imagine, it depends market by market, right? So -- and also, kind of even within streams. So in the past, in some of the Investor Days, maybe a couple of Investor's Day, I got a -- I talked about products that cross more than one stream, or maybe we're the only ones in the world who make it. And there you have to be very judicious with price increases. You try not to tie it too much to raw materials. And so maybe we didn't -- some of the stuff in CASPI or a few things in Specialty Plastics, you don't run them up as fast as the raws, but they also don't have to come off. The stuff that's -- when raws come off. Stuff that's closer to commodity does move around much closer tied to the raws. And in fact, much of PCI, you think about price adjusting within 30 days of raws. The key thing we focus on, though, is the spread. And that's why a lot of times, I don't even like to talk about percentage margins because I'm focusing on absolute dollar spreads. And the final thing I'll say on this is I don't want to imply that I think the industry has changed its psyche. I think, for sure, we'll still have some period in the future of overbuild, and we'll have a supply-driven cycle eventually. But the downturn was so dramatic that as I talked to guys in the industry, I can just see that they're being much more cautious this time. They're not just not throwing the cash at steel and concrete and throwing it in the ground. And so at best, I'd say it's probably going to take a little longer to get to that point, speaking broadly for the industry.
James Rogers: Yes, that's something you always want to watch for. And in fact, the last point about people trying to get in ahead of a price increase, we got systems that handle that pretty well, but you can never shut the door completely. Frankly, that was part of it when we saw January results. In Investors Day, all we had was January results. We knew revenue, but we didn't know earnings from February. And there's a little bit of a concern that maybe we had, had some of the business pulled forward into January, and so you shouldn't just take that times 12 or whatever. And then as the quarter unfolded, February and March were also extremely strong. I don't know, Curt. Do you want to...
James Rogers: Yes, I would say is I don't think you -- in fact, I know we haven't gotten a lot of volume -- hardly any volume from some of the great new stuff we've talked about like acetylated wood and surface. Surface is just now getting out in the stores. That was that coating that goes on trim from Specialty Plastics. I think that's going be really strong. Early indications are that's good. But you haven't seen it. And in fact, if anything, you've probably just seen a cost in the numbers so far. So not as much from new products yet. I'm really thinking that will be a driver for -- probably, what's going to make '14 better than '13, '15 better than '14 is going to be things like microfibers, et cetera.
James Rogers: No, I could just imagine, if one of my board members was listening [indiscernible] "Why didn't you tell me we were going to spend that much on A-wood?" But no, on the acetylated wood, it's on track. We're building the small commercial plan here to test the market spring of next year. So not a huge amount of money spent today, but you've seen a lot of the expense on the other line when we put our numbers out there. And this is one where you probably get $2-plus of revenue for every dollar of capital, so long term, this is a nice business model. But again, we've got to prove it out. We got to see people willing to pay the price point we need to have the margins we want.
James Rogers: Yes, Korea's full, so that's a good thing. I tried to say that in my comments. The market needs the volume right now, I guess, is the best way to say it. The customers need the volume, so we understand completely what kind of thinking went through the competitor you are talking about, what went through their minds. Other than that, I would just say Japan, in general, not a major impact as far as we can see it. That's not just Fibers, that's across all our business. So you want to watch for things like the displays market for Specialty Plastics, but right now, that looks like it's okay. Again, on Fibers, we're trying to make sure we service our customers with what they need across-the-board. The concern out of Japan would be, in my mind, would be if eventually the supply chain just starts to hit some choke points where some of the end markets can't produce the volume they want that we sell into. But direct impact on us is minimal.
James Rogers: High. I mean, I gave you a ballpark for the whole company at 90%. I'm rounding a little bit, but say 90%, and the acetyls would be in that ballpark and have a little more juice as well. Overall, it's -- I want people to understand that we were judicious as we went to add capacity, but we really do need to spend this money and add this capacity, and we're doing it in a number of places. But I have pretty much still got a little capacity left to where I think we need it.
James Rogers: That's another chance you take to do when you do de-bottlenecks or cost-saving projects that you've been waiting on until you do a shutdown.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, I mean, again, if you look at just the cracking spreads in the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, probably the best way to look at it, if you look at PCI, PCI's year-over-year improvement is roughly $53 million dollars. About 1/3 of that improvement probably relates to that propylene propane spread, that cracking spread that we're benefiting today. The rest is improved volumes, strength of the derivatives, et cetera, the things Jim talked about. At a corporate level, PCI's probably -- gets about 60% of the benefits. So if you do the math, CASPI gets the rest. So you put roughly a $30 million benefit year-over-year on that cracking spread.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, Jeff, this is Curt. Where you look at the difference maybe from just purely the revenues, also where your asset base is located.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, so predominantly, our assets, 80%, 85% of our assets are still in the U.S., maybe a different profile for the other company you mentioned. And so a lot of that does affect your tax rate. How we start impacting that longer-term is more of how we deploy our new capital. That gives us opportunity to look at tax jurisdictions that are maybe a little lower than us. Though currently -- so a lot of it's how we put our capital to work. And then we'll watch the tax regulation. I mean, if there's some changes in the U.S. tax rate, we'll probably position to benefit from that.
Curtis Espeland: Well, I can just tell you on a year-over-year basis, raws were up $90 million, on a sequential basis, $75 million. Just looking in the second quarter, that sequential improvement -- or sequential raws are probably only half of what we saw first quarter over fourth. Second half of the year, you got the same forward curves we have. So that's kind of where our raw material view is right now.
Curtis Espeland: And David, what I may add is for the things Jim mentioned is $100 million -- to approach $100 million is actually an improvement over last year. And again, that's a function of maybe eating some paraxylene costs but on top of it, getting that volume and benefit of Tritan absorbing some startup costs at end of this year. But when they bring that new capacity, that's what gives us the confidence about how they can grow beyond that $100 million in 2012.
Curtis Espeland: Q2, I'd have to back -- go back and look the number. I think they're going to be down sequentially, and -- but probably a little better than last year, if I recall the numbers.
Curtis Espeland: No, I mean, the only thing to add besides that is I also look at how much was just a benefit of the crackers operating first quarter this year versus first quarter last year, and that was just a couple of percentage points.
Curtis Espeland: Well, Andy, if you look at just the small commercial operation we're working on this year, that's including the $450 million outlook. That's probably a modest percentage of that total. Jim talked about the 2:1 revenue, so if you got a $500 million revenue, that gives you roughly $250 million type of number. And as I mentioned in Investor Day, that really is going to depend on how the spring launch goes in '12. But that will start in '13, and '14 is where you see that capital.
Curtis Espeland: Jim, if I might add. Kevin, one thing that we will have in the fourth quarter this year, we will have a shutdown of that -- at our island. That will affect some of our operating rates in the fourth quarter. That's a normal periodic turnaround.
