Gregory A. Riddle: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are: Mark Costa, CEO; Curtis Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Josh Morgan, Manager, Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover 4 items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results news release and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2013 and the Form 10-K to be filed for 2013. Second, earnings per share and operating earnings referenced in this presentation exclude certain noncore or nonrecurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures and other associated disclosures, including a description of the excluded items, are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2013 financial results news release, which can be found at eastman.com in the Investors section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the fourth quarter financial results news release. Third, this presentation includes revenues and operating earnings on a pro forma combined basis, assuming the acquisition of Solutia have been completed January 1, 2012, that compare postacquisition results to preacquisition pro forma combined results. More information on pro forma combined results is in our fourth quarter 2013 financial results news release. And lastly, we have posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website in the Presentations & Events section. With that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory A. Riddle: Thanks, Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. [Operator Instructions] . With that, Chris, we are ready for questions.
Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thanks again for joining us this morning. A Web replay and a replay in downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning at approximately 11:00 a.m. Have a great day.
Mark J. Costa: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. I'll start on Slide 3. 2013 was an outstanding year at Eastman as we continue to build on our strengths and navigate through challenges. EPS grew by approximately 20% in 2013 and we have now delivered 4 consecutive years of double-digit earnings growth. The CAGR for EPS over the last 4 years is 34%. We had another year of strong free cash flow in 2013 generating $674 million. And Curt will talk more about that in his comments. In 2013, we made solid progress in growth initiatives throughout the company. Advanced Materials or Eastman Tritan copolyester volume increased by more than 15% in 2013. And we are currently adding additional capacity to serve continued demand growth. In our plasticizers business, Eastman 168 non-phthalate plasticizers volume grew by approximately 25%. And as with Tritan, we are increasing capacity to serve continued demand growth. With our joint venture partner, China National Tobacco Corporation, we completed construction of 30,000 metric tons of acetate tow capacity. And that plant is running at commercial levels today. We also began construction of a capacity expansion in Wales for our Therminol heat transfer fluids business, which is expected to be operational later this year. Moving next to the Solutia integration. We began taking steps to ensure a successful integration before we completed the acquisition in July 2012. We have now brought the majority of Solutia's businesses on the SAP system and expect to complete the SAP migration for the remaining businesses around mid-year. We've captured cost synergies we thought we would and expect to realize more here in 2014. We continue to work on revenue and operational synergies in a number of areas and the outlook for those is good. And we operate today as one effective team. In addition, we continue to deliver cash to stockholders through both the growing dividend and continued share repurchases. In 2003, our stock repurchases totaled $238 million, including $125 million in the fourth quarter. And we now have increased our dividend 4x in the last 3 years. Overall in 2013, we continued our journey of demonstrating the strength and consistency of our company. Moving next to our fourth quarter corporate results on Slide 4. We had a solid fourth quarter with revenue growth in all but one of our segments, reflecting solid volume growth. Operating earnings are up as strong growth in the Fibers and Advanced Materials segments was offset by declines in Specialty Fluids & Intermediates and the Adhesives & Plasticizers segments. And EPS increased primarily due to solid operating earnings, as well as a lower tax rate. On Slide 5, our full year earnings. On a corporate basis, revenue increased by 3% in 2013. The primary driver again was volume with increases in all but one segment. Operating earnings increased by over $100 million in 2013, given this higher volume and improved capacity utilization. And operating margin increased by 70 basis points to 17%. This is our highest full year operating margin in the last 5 years, reflecting the strength of our portfolio and end-market diversity. Now I'll turn it over to Curt, who will take you through our segment results and financial highlights.
Mark J. Costa: I'm not exactly shocked that, that might be the first question off the gate. A good question and a fair one. We've been very clear that we've always had a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation and we intend to keep it that way. We're prioritizing all of our investments around organic growth opportunities and we're very excited about the strength of our portfolio and we'll continue to make those investments. As we clearly noted, we still have free cash flow available after those organic needs and after being paying the dividend. So the third question to ask, where are we going to go with the capital allocation between sitting on it, which we don't intend to do, we intend to deploy it, or deploying it against M&A and share buybacks. We're going to take a position where we stay flexible on how much of that we're going to do between M&A and buybacks. We think it's a good discipline to look at both the M&A market and the opportunities they present for creating long-term earnings growth, as well as share buybacks. I think it's likely that we're going to buy back shares more than dilution this year. But as always, that's subject to board support.
Mark J. Costa: It's a good question, Dave, especially given how we beat our forecast in 2013 from the beginning of the year. We've put a lot of more effort in trying to get that forecast right this year and thinking through all the elements of price, raws and volume. And I think the guidance we've given you is a good one.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. So I'm going to answer the first half of that question around our view of prices. I'm going to let Curt handle the hedging question. With regards to our view on prices, the $1.18 is based on the forward market curve that we see that's available in the market. So the other prices, like propylene, et cetera and ethylene are based on the IHS. But that's the forward curve for the market as of 2 days ago. In regards to hedging, we do have a very active hedging program, where we try and mitigate a material amount of our exposure on propane. I'll let Curt to add some more comments.
Mark J. Costa: Great question. And we certainly are paying a lot of attention on the Adhesives & Plasticizers business and doing what we can to improve it, Kevin. Right now, what we'd say is the indications are the business is stabilizing. I think from a volume point of view in adhesives, we were sequentially flat in fourth quarter and actually stronger on a year-over-year basis. And as we look at '14 over '13, we expect demand to improve. The destocking appears to be over, so we don't have that as a headwind in this year. Hydrogenated demand is still quite solid especially with hygiene demand. And I think it's fair to assume, given the worldwide global economy, the packaging demand is going to improve, but it's unclear exactly how much. And that's one of the key issues, is getting that demand to improve to stock up some of the excess capacity in Asia, in particular. The key uncertainty for us is really competitive behavior. So there are 2 elements to that as we explained in past calls. One is the substitute material, which is rosins versus our hydrocarbon resins. The prices had gone up a lot as we talked about in the third quarter call and they have stayed up relatively high. So that is reducing the amount of substitution towards rosins from hydrocarbon resins, which is helpful. And those prices are likely to at least stay high for the first half of the year. There's uncertainty about what the rosin crop will be this year and how that will impact prices in the back half of the year. The more significant issue is just what happens on the like competitors and hydrocarbon capacity. And there's still certainly adequate supply in the market to serve demand, so we don't see a lot spread recovery. But if spreads hold and demand improves, then you can see how this business would start stabilizing. And even if demand improves, we have some room for some spread erosion to hit the low end of the guidance on the adhesive side. The plasticizer is a pretty similar story. We see demand recovering in North America with B&C, especially in flooring, so that's going to help this year, which was certainly not there last year. And the non-phthalate substitution, it was expected to continue. We had very strong growth in our non-phthalate 168 plasticizers, and that volume growth will be there. So I think we feel good about the volume side in the plasticizers, and then you're just back to the same conversations in adhesives, which is what's going to be competitive behavior as excess capacity, in particular in Asia, is chasing demand in Europe and the U.S. because China demand has been relatively slow to grow last year and clearly uncertain this year based on all the press. But again, you've got very strong volume growth to absorb some spread compression if it happens. Or if it doesn't happen, then you go towards the higher end of that range. And Kevin, one thing I'd note is that we're not just sitting here waiting for the world to get better. We are taking a number of actions to improve this business. So we are taking a hard look in reducing some costs in SG&A and R&D. We've got a great project in our Middelburg site that's going to improve the cost position of the plant in the late half of the year. And we're very excited about the plant we're building with our joint venture partner in China, which we expect to be online late '15, which will be, by far, the world-class, low-cost plant in the world to serve the hydrogenated resin market, where we have a more differentiated position. So there are other things that we have going on that improve this business versus just waiting for supply-demand to get better.
Mark J. Costa: We have shifted the assets over to that mix and are pushing it as hard as we possibly can. And it doesn't have any material impact on our need to buy propylene.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I think that the utilization, as we look at '13, was certainly relatively high across the company. And we expect utilization to continue to be high and higher in '14 as demand improves. It's important to keep in mind that looking at absolute utilization is a little deceptive with Eastman because we have a mixture and flexibility of our integrated assets, where we can always run the big engines and the big parts of our capacity quite high and selling off some of the intermediate products. And then what we focus on doing is growing the higher-value specialty products as fast as we can that shifts the utilization towards those higher-value products, improving the mix in our business. And on the specialty products, in a lot of the areas, we still have plenty of capacity and room for growth in that leverage on those assets. So in performance films, we have that. In interlayers, both inside Advanced Materials, we have that leverage. And in copolyesters, we certainly have that leverage as well. Obviously, in some places, we're tight, like Tritan, and that's why we're adding capacity, or in Therminol, where we're adding capacity. So we've got the room to support growth. We've had some great capacity additions that allowed us to grow that we brought online in the fall, like the China JV in tow. The ethylene oxide derivative capacity expansion we did for Additives & Functional Products allowed us to accelerate growth and will support growth this year. So a key part of understanding our earnings is that it's not just about volume growth. You get misled if you just look at the top line revenue. It's about substantial mix improvement, given the high-value products we're growing much faster than some of the intermediates.
Mark J. Costa: I think we feel good about our pricing strength in most markets right now. It's always subject to what competitors are doing. Adhesives & Plasticizers is the one place where we obviously have some challenges. But otherwise, we feel pretty good.
Mark J. Costa: I'm surprised it took this long to get to this question. I knew I could count on you, Frank. So $8 a share, we remain committed to driving towards $8 a share in 2015. From an organic perspective, clearly we're going to have some challenges in reaching that number. If you go back to Investor Day guidance and look at the earnings that we provided for each of the segments at that time, our largest problem obviously is Adhesives & Plasticizers and we just had a discussion around some of the challenges there, getting it to stabilize and improve. But that's been a big hit as we've already advised in the past. But the strength of our portfolio also shows up here on why we like the diversity of our portfolio because you can also see that Fibers is significantly outperforming what we would have guided at Investor Day, offsetting a good portion of the hit we've taken in Adhesives & Plasticizers. And that's always part of that diversity. You have a view on things at one point in time, but the world never sort of cooperates. Some things do better, some things do worse. But the value that diversity continued to deliver consistent earnings growth. The second part about our organic challenge obviously is at Investor Day, we assumed about 3.5% global GDP compounded from '12 to '15 and that's certainly not worked out in '13 and '14. I think we see that the world may strengthen here. And hopefully, it will help. But that's a bit of a headwind, especially in Europe, with some of our businesses that are focused on building, construction and transportation. And at a lower level, I would say actually relative to those 2 things is the cracking spreads being a headwind. There's certainly a headwind from a '13 to '14 point of view. But if you go back to our view of the world in '12, we had a bit of a different view. And the propane-to-propylene spreads aren't all that different today than what we would've assumed in '12. The real challenge we have is actually propane to ethylene, where both ethylene and ethane prices today are much lower than where we were in 2012 on our expectations. And that's a bit of the challenge that we feel on that side of it. And we do have hedging and pricing and other things that we follow to address some of those cracking spread challenges. So those are some of the challenges. Now we're not just sitting here with that. We're thinking about how we pull every lever we've got in the company to improve our performance and deliver. As we noted, we have a bunch of specific actions we're taking in 2014 to get to $0.50 to $0.75. In addition, we're also taking a variety of cost actions to improve the Adhesives & Plasticizers business. And we're developing a fairly robust set of ideas for 2015 that we'll do that we'll talk to you about later in the year. The other thing that's important to note that we can go back to what Dave asked about at the beginning of the Q&A is that we do have an extremely strong cash flow and balance sheet and we have one of the highest EBITDA margins of our peer set. And so that gives us strength and flexibility to find additional ways to grow earnings beyond organic growth and we certainly intend to do that. As I said, we're going to be balanced and disciplined in this approach. We're not going to get focused on any one lever as a solution. Our job is to create both short- and long-term value creation and consistent earnings over the years. And so we need to be measured and careful about how we make the decisions between acquisition and M&A -- I mean, acquisitions and repurchase. I think we have demonstrated that we're willing to do that. Even in the last quarter, we started buying back some shares beyond dilution and we did an acquisition as well that's going to be a great addition to our SFI business. So I feel very good that we're in a good position here. We've delivered 4 very strong earnings growth years. I think we're well positioned to deliver other earnings growth this year and next year. And if you look at that and think about how many companies in the S&P have delivered sort of 6 years of continuous growth, I think that we're doing relatively well compared to that group. And it all comes back to the strength of our portfolio. We've got leading positions in many of our businesses. We've got strong diversity in our end markets and geographies. We've got world-class technology platforms. And we have the cash. So we feel good about driving towards that number. We're not letting go of that as our goal.
Mark J. Costa: That's great question and it's one that we're constantly debating and trying to think about, what are always the best things to do for our shareholders. As I noted in my prepared remarks, there's the debt market out there as well, so it's not just what do we with our free cash flow. So we'll look at using and exploiting the debt market, especially how attractive it is right now, as part of funding M&A as we go forward. But the tradeoffs are trying to think through the timing. We look at a robust portfolio of M&A ideas that we have and we're continuing to revise and look at those. Obviously, valuations are a bit high in a lot of opportunities right now, so we need to make sure that we continue to be disciplined and not overpay in chasing M&A ideas. The accretion is important and it's easy to get with cash today. But we need to make sure there's a good ROC above the cost of capital. So we're not going to let go of our discipline. But there are ideas that we think are important to consider. And that then factors into how much stock you want to repurchase this year and be balanced about that. And I think we've got an authorization that allows us to continue to take out dilution this year and think about doing more than dilution on a limited basis. And we're going to continue to make decisions with ourselves and our board about what we should do going beyond that.
Mark J. Costa: A great set of questions. First, on the pricing, I think with the Fibers guidance we gave you, we're successful in getting what we wanted on pricing and think we're going to have a good volume year there. And so those contracts discussions were successful. With the Saflex business, I would also say we had a successful contracting season with our glass customers in succeeding and improving our position in the marketplace for price and volumes, so we feel good about that business as well. In regards to prebuying, we didn't see that much of it. I was actually concerned we would see quite a bit of prebuying on the propylene side because propylene prices started moving up ahead of January and December. But it wasn't as much as we expected. And I think we did a pretty good job of controlling that.
Mark J. Costa: The propylene side certainly has gone up, as you know, already in December and in January. And I think the expectation is for modest increase in propylene prices for February, as well. We'll have to see how that plays out. But overall, I'd say, on average, we expect propylene prices to be somewhat higher this year than last year. And there's always the wild card of unplanned outages that have a big impact on that story that, obviously, none of us can predict. In regards to the pricing, we have rolled out multiple price increases here in January and for February and we're getting good traction and getting a good portion of those price increases to stick both from the solvents in Additives & Functional Products and the propylene derivatives in SFI.
Mark J. Costa: In regards to rosin pricing -- you said rosin pricing, I think. In regards to rosin pricing, it went up significantly in the fall and it's staying up and it's expected to come off to some degree when the new crop arrives. The question is, does it go all the way back to 2013 first half levels? Or does it go back to a more normal level, which would have been higher than the beginning half of '13? And most expectations is that middle ground. So the good news about that is, if it stays where it's at and it only comes off a limited amount, the substitution of losing demand from hydrocarbons to rosins is probably mitigated and not as much of a headwind as it was last year. In regards to what the crop will be and how prices will impact the second half of the year, we don't know. When prices are high, more people tend to climb up the hill and seek rosin out of trees in China and it's a bit of a wild card to predict what's going to happen on that front. So we'll just have to see how it plays out. In regards to the business, it's a fair question. I think that if you look at our history, Eastman has always been very disciplined about its portfolio and looking at vesting and grade specialty businesses and continue our journey of being a specialty company and exiting some businesses that we're underperforming in that transition. And we do have a good track record. I wouldn't say Adhesives & Plasticizers is yet in that discussion set. It's a good business. We've had 1 year of tough times and we needed some things play out a little bit here to see how it either recovers or it doesn't. At its current level, though, it's still a very value-creating business. At its current earnings level, even for 2013 or '14, given our guidance, it's still creating value above our cost of capital in a meaningful way. And so we're going to continue to invest in it this year and fixing it and making it more cost-competitive, see how things go and then we'll make the appropriate decisions in the future if necessary.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. A lot of people are doing this math, just doing how much propane we buy times the cost of propane. And obviously, it's hard to know exactly what our hedges are. But the hedges are in there. But you also remember, pricing actions are also in there. And we have a lot of good products that use that propane into specialty derivatives, where we have some pricing power. And so we use that to offset headwinds like this.
Mark J. Costa: If you go back 2 years ago, propane wasn't a disadvantaged stock relative to ethane. So you had a different mix balance in how you created value between propylene and ethylene. Now we're in this world where ethane is so substantially lower than propane, it's changed how we're think about that and we've been making investments and creating more flexibility in our crackers.
Mark J. Costa: Certainly, the tire business is one we like. It's a great market. It's certainly gone through some very difficult demand challenges at the primary demand level over the last couple of years because I think the tire manufacturers had overproduced and loaded the channel with more inventory than needed and it took a long time to sort of destock it back to demand. When we look at 2014 -- 2013, by the way, was actually a decent improvement in demand for us for both Crystex and antidegradants. And we expect '14 to be another solid volume growth year for us in tires. The Crystex business, which is the majority of earnings, is a very solid business, very attractive margins and we're making a lot of investments to continue to grow and innovate in that space. The biggest headwind we had overall for the entire Additives & Functional Products segment was the antidegradants facing a lot of competitive pressure. That's a small part of the earnings, but it was a material earnings headwind as we continue to struggle with prices in benzene prices or struggled to improve market prices and our raw material costs in benzene went up considerably. So that's one we're taking actions to try and improve. But the overall business, we like. And importantly, it's not just about the products we bought from Solutia. We have some great innovation programs going on, leveraging Eastman asset and technologies into this space. And we're getting great traction with the customers in that space. So we see great growth opportunities for cellulose esters being used in tires to improve traction and wear of the tires and getting great feedback from our customers on that. We're also finding very strong interest in our hydrocarbon resins that we sell through the adhesive segment. We also sell them into the tire segment and see great growth opportunities there. They're moving from using resins as a process aid into a functional additive for the tread and performance for traction in the tire. And there's a lot of innovation going on in that area and we're the leader in providing technical innovation in that area because of the breadth and depth of our technical expertise in hydrocarbon resins. So there's a lot going on there. We like the segment and we're going to continue investing.
Mark J. Costa: The BP business is a great, high-margin, attractive, stable business. They've got greater than GDP growth rates to it. And importantly, it's a great fit with our Skydrol hydraulic fluid business. The 2 are often sold as a package by our competitor into the marketplace. And now this significantly improves our competitive positioning and what we can offer to the marketplace as well. So we view this as a great business and a great market. So whether there's additional acquisitions or not, that's something we'll continue looking for. But right now, we're just going to focus on integrating this one well.
Mark J. Costa: Yes. Perennial Wood is probably one of the most frustrating growth platforms I've had to manage in that it was extremely successful from a market point of view but economically not viable. So the market loved the product. We had a great interest and strong adoption-building in the marketplace and it was performing well. But when it really came down to understanding the economics from the price of the raw material to deliver the quality that the market wanted and the yields of the process, the economics were just challenged and it was going to take too long to get to meaningful earnings for our shareholders to continue the venture. So long term, maybe we could have got there, but it just was going to take too long.
Mark J. Costa: One of the challenges we have is making sure that we always devote our R&D and SG&A efforts to the best growth portfolio. And we have a very robust growth portfolio right now. And so we're shifting a bunch of these resources to higher-value opportunities.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mark, if I could just add. David, just to let you know, we started the year with $160 million remaining on our current authorization. As Mark mentioned, we are continuing to repurchased shares to start the year. So we know as part of our normal interactions with our board, we'll be discussing with them the size and timing of our next authorization. You've heard from us in the past, we've had a great relationship with our board and they've been fully supportive of that balanced and disciplined capital allocation strategy that Mark mentioned.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yes. As Mark mentioned, Kevin, we have an active hedging program across commodities, currencies and even interest rates. On the raw material side, we primarily hedge propane, ethane and natural gas. Traditionally, we have hedged to provide some seasonal spike protection, such as the winter or hurricane season and to provide time for our businesses to kind of respond with the appropriate pricing that is needed with that input cost. Given the trends that we've seen over the last 6 months, we've actually gone -- traditionally, I would say we would've hedged out 6 months. We actually are not going be on that timeframe and we might even find ourselves hedging 1 to 2 years out, given some of the volatilities that's out there. As I look at our fourth quarter, normally, we would have put a healthy level of spike protection in for that. As you know, propane moved quickly in that August-September frame, so I'm probably thinking as much into it as I would've preferred. And some of that has continued in the first quarter. But we do have a healthy level of hedging protection that's helped us in fourth quarter, will continue to help us in the first quarter, but, more importantly, will help us in the year at hitting that guidance that we provided.
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt. Yes, our strategy here is to kind of give you inputs on what's coming into our full year guidance. We're not going to sit and try to break down that component quarter-by-quarter. But you can do the math of where that forward curve is and kind of expect a good portion of that headwind is going to be in the first quarter.
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, what's different is it's not necessarily the supply of propane or ethane, it's more of the front-end part of our cracking operations. And so you had to make modifications to enable that mix change. And I can guarantee the guys are just continuing to look for more ways to have more flexibility with the options of the feedstocks that we crack.
Curtis E. Espeland: Jeff, thanks for the feedback. And I can guarantee you, our top-notch SEC and reporting group is listening, so they'll come up with good ways to help you out.
Curtis E. Espeland: And Mike, I might also add from a financial perspective, this is the kind of deal we like as well. It's got an attractive ROIC. It's going to be accretive in 2014. It's going to be -- when you include synergies in '15, it's going to be high single-digit kind of accretion. So really nice strategic and financial deal. And we really look forward to working with BP to close this deal up.
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt. As you recall, we are exploring options for monetizing our excess ethylene position. And we previously stated that there are various contractions and other complexities that are involved in the process. In July of 2012, Eastman initiated a challenge before the Texas Railroad Commission because of the change made by Westlake to the tariff for its Longview, Mont Belvieu common carrier ethylene pipeline. Just to give an update, on January 7, the Texas Railroad Commission actually ruled it had the authority to hear Eastman's entire challenge of the Westlake's July 2013 tariff change to the common carrier pipeline. And if you recall, that was affecting rate, bidirectional flow and swaps. So on the same day, the case hearings officer then put Westlake's July tariff change on hold pending resolution of Eastman's challenge. So we're hoping to have a hearing in the next 2 to 3 months and remain confident our challenge to Westlake's proposed tariff, we feel good with our position. But on the question itself, yes, we're still exploring options with various parties. But until this matter is resolved, it's going to take us a while to get this thing concluded.
Curtis E. Espeland: So I think you have to look at different cracker operations, the scale of our operations because there are different type of crackers, quite honestly.
Curtis E. Espeland: As it relates to your question around just the impact on that other segment, where it reflects our investments. We -- I think the number is about $74 million investment or loss, however you want to characterize it, in 2013. The impact of this is probably $5 million to $10 million net of some of the other growth investments we're making. And that number will range based on how successful we are with the speed of those other initiatives.
Curtis E. Espeland: So as it relates to 2013, I would say what it did was actually probably a slight hurt. But what it actually did is smooth out the earnings profile associated with that revenue during the course of the year. As it relates to 2014, we do not have that kind of hedge in place.
Curtis E. Espeland: We have not had provided that. We're still in negotiations with different parties on different licensings. But it's a component of that $0.50 to $0.75. And we'll let you know more as we're successful with that effort.
