Ronald C. Lindsay: Thank you, Jim. On Slide 8 is an update on our thinking about options to further leverage Eastman's exposure to the propane propylene spread. Back in December 2010, when we restarted our third olefin cracking unit that had been idled, we were a little ahead of the market in recognizing that the cost position of our crackers had improved dramatically with the shale gas boom, and restarting that cracker was a winner on day 1.  In the middle of 2011, as we were considering all of our options, we said we are going forward with a number of incremental debottlenecks at our Longview facility and we expect those to come online in 2012 and 2013. In January this year, we said we were considering an olefins conversion unit or OCU in Longview. The OCU investment has a very strong return profile, well above the cost of capital and would allow us to take advantage of the attractive propylene market in the U.S. But we've continued to explore all of our options and have identified another attractive alternative, a propylene purchase agreement with a third party that will allow us to participate in their planned propane dehydrogenation unit with cost base pricing and capital recovery spread out over the term of the agreement.  And while the OCU option remains a strong alternative for us, we are far enough along that we've signed a contract for our portion of the capacity from the planned PDH unit. This agreement will give us similar propylene economics to the OCU and preserves our capital for other uses. The project owner is working on finalizing agreements with enough customers to proceed with the PDH unit. And assuming they're successful, we would expect an announcement to be likely in the next few weeks. I'll also be speaking at an investor conference in the second half of May. At that time, I'll be able to update investors on where things stand. Jim, back to you.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Frank, let me go back to what was driving a lot of our assessment of our options here. We buy a substantial amount of propylene still. Even though we make it, we're net short. We're net long on ethylene, and so we've been looking at how to address, in particular, that position on propylene and effectively fully backwards integrate our propylene derivatives out of Longview. And so we looked at a variety of options there. Starting the cracker was certainly one that we've gone through carefully. It did not meet all of our propylene needs to fully backwards integrate, and unlike when we did restart it, it was quite a bit more expensive. It was in a poorer condition, needs a lot more work, so the capital requirement there was much higher, and that really drove us to look at is that really the right approach to proceed. And that led to these other options being surfaced. And we believe this one is the best one of the bunch because of the impact it's going to have on us, as well as the fact that we can take that capital we would've gone to rebuild something and to get the same position and take that capital elsewhere.
Ronald C. Lindsay: On the balance -- this will effectively make us balanced on propylene. So between this contract and what we make, we'll be covered for our needs. And it is a cost-based off propane formula.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes. We certainly are aware of some of the history here, and that was part of our due diligence as we went through this. I would say that we went in with that cautionary view and got ourselves comfortable that the technology is very viable that some of the -- we understand some of the reasons for prior concerns with another plan out there and feel like those are not things that are going to translate to this project. So the long short of it is we feel good about it from a technical and operational standpoint, as well as obviously the deal.
Ronald C. Lindsay: That's right. Certainly, as we look ahead, we haven't excluded the capability of doing the OCU with this other deal. So if we judge later that, that was attractive, something we wanted to do, we’ve still got that option. So we've kept some optionality there. But we’ve got our immediate concern dealt with, with the PDH deal that we've got.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes. This is Ron. It is in our oxo alcohols primarily. And keep in mind, we are comparing on a year-over-year basis against a pretty strong market environment in 2011. So there's some contrast there that's part of the issue. But there is -- we saw weakening late last year. There was quite a bit of destocking, a good bit of inventory coming in the year over there and looking for a home, and then we have not seen the rebound quite as robustly as we had hoped, and that is just not an Eastman comment. I think that's generally being seen across a lot of businesses. And so that's just turned into a weaker demand environment over there, and that's depressed margins.
Ronald C. Lindsay: Yes, it does. So if you build up, I mean, we're basically reaffirming guidance, and that's $0.30 from the pension change and about $0.30 from Solutia.
James P. Rogers: I mean, this one looks like this is a good project. They're being smart. The people building it are being smart about how they're managing their risk and pretty much locking up the output of this thing. That makes a lot of sense to me. So this is a win-win for the guys building it and for us as well.
James P. Rogers: Hey, we're trying to look down the road. You might have noticed, we're trying to be a little more long-term focused. For example on this Perennial Wood, if this thing -- if this hits the way we got a shot of it hitting, you're not going to feel it in this first thing we built because it's smaller and it's really just to tease the market out. But when we go to a commercial scale on Perennial, it should look very good.
James P. Rogers: Yes, and I'm not going to steal Greg's thunder. I will say the response, I mean, there's different metrics you get in terms of response to ads, response to turning, I can't remember what you call it, but when people first call in, that initial lead, turning it into an actual sale. I mean all those kind of numbers are good. I guess while I'm here feeling good, I want to make sure I caveat it a little bit because this is still pretty early on. We're still getting the bugs out of a few things in the chain. But in general, the reception we get from people who know what they're talking about like the folks within Lowe's or the folks within Boston Cedar, I think this one can be pretty good. But Greg will talk some more about it when he gets up in front of people in a couple of weeks.
James P. Rogers: Yes, it is. I mean we went back and looked at the history. We could not find a time when we were not advantaged being on coal here in Kingsport. And of course, there's 2 moving parts. There's the price of coal and what we pay for it. There’s the efficiency of how we run our operations. There's more than 2 moving parts, and then there's the price of natural gas. The other thing I would ask you to remember is you're not necessarily competing with those products. You're not necessarily competing against other people who are natural-gas-based. So when we think globally with where we take those products, a lot of people are competing where they’re naphtha-based or natural-gas-based in other regions of the world. But yes, we're still pretty pleased with the economics of our gasification facility here in Kingsport.
James P. Rogers: Well, this is Jim again, we anticipated the question, why not do 2 or 3 things, why not restart the cracker, why not do the OCU, why not take a chunk of this PDH. We're really trying to think about our long-term strategy, how we deploy our cash, our resources. And we don't necessarily just want to be a bigger ethylene producer. And if we did, it wouldn't be with the size crackers that we have in Texas. So we were more than willing to go ahead with the OCU. That made a lot of sense. But this was a very elegant solution in terms of saving our capital and getting what we need. By the way, the economics look different when you're talking about replacing or backing out your propylene purchases versus just being a merchant ethylene or propylene producer. So we really like where we're ending up. I hope they go ahead and wrap up their project and get it announced publicly so that we can talk more about it.
James P. Rogers: Yes. We did it once last year to kind of lay it out for people. We said that wasn't the emphasis we wanted people to think about. We didn't want them just focusing on propane and propylene. I can tell you, it was good again in the first quarter. Of course, the ethylene was what was really good in the first quarter if we’re showing you everything. You've got to think more than just the propane/propylene. It's also how the ethylene did. Year-over-year, it's going to be -- the whole cracker spreads are going to be pretty good for us compared to last year. I was sitting here thinking as much I don't want to talk about it, it's nice to have these spreads, nice to have these spreads this year. The other thing I'll say on it is there's some chatter about whether or not propane is going to come off in the middle of the year, maybe go a little long. And that very well could be. One of the things I thought about is you're perhaps more likely to hold on to spread if propane is what comes off. Just propylene going up sometimes, the way we move so much propylene through derivatives, you don't -- you can't always get the pricing and the derivatives that equates to what the propylene went up. And we talked about that last year in the second quarter when people were thinking we're going to do better than we did. So propane coming off, you may be more likely to keep some of that spread, but as we looked forward in the year and looked at our numbers, we just kind of assumed it was steady-state where it is now.
James P. Rogers: Yes. Well, thanks for noticing, by the way, that we have done a good job. We've got, again, some wind at our back in this marketplace. I mean, very strong growth if you think about all the personal hygiene, adhesives on diapers, et cetera, in the emerging markets. It's a pretty strong driver. Of course, we're not the only player in this marketplace. So other people tend to want to expand their capacity too. We're being very disciplined in how we approach it. I can say, though, that we think there's a great opportunity to do something perhaps a little larger in Asia in this marketplace. But I don't have anything to talk about or announce yet. But it would be logical that people would be looking for capacity in Asia, and we would be a logical player to do that. So but we'll just have to put a placeholder there and see what we can make happen.
James P. Rogers: Yes, that's a good question. We showed building and construction at about 17% of CASPI sales. And when we say favorable weather, we've got our little North American hats on, and so we think about North America had favorable weather. Of course, the way I think I've heard Eastern Europe, et cetera, had very extreme cold weather. So it's a global business. I would guess there was some benefit from that, but it's hard to pin down. Basically, CASPI's just firing on all the cylinders. A little sloppiness in solvents, particularly in Asia, but in general, firing on all cylinders.
James P. Rogers: Yes. If I implied that it didn't have an impact to something, that was wrong. I was just saying it's not a one-for-one relationship. So propylene can move, but a number of our derivatives are considered more specialty, and so you don't just jerk those around each week as propylene’s -- you get the last spot price on propylene. That's more what I was saying. So it's not quite the same as being a merchant seller of propylene. We take it through other products. So I wasn't even talking so much about a lag, although there would obviously be a lag as you process it further. I was just meaning we're trying to be more disciplined in our pricing when it comes to our end products, priced more off of value where we can. But without a doubt, higher propylene prices aids our pricing. Now I can also tell you that pricing in general, not just in this area, but I'd say pricing in general is a little sloppier in the marketplace than it was a year ago. So I've got Ron sitting next to me, and I think he would say the same thing within PCI and CASPI. Last year, the demand was so strong that you pretty much got the price you wanted or you could sell it somewhere else in the world. And with Asia and Europe being fairly loose right now, you don't quite have that pricing power that you had a year ago, and that's not so much an Eastman comment as it is a market comment in general.
James P. Rogers: Bob, I think we size this for people before that we said in OCU or in this case a contract, probably gives us slightly more benefit than we got opening up the last cracker we did. So you put that on an annual basis, that's fairly significant. And we can go to the next question.
James P. Rogers: Jeff, again, I think if you look at our comments, I said that first half this year would be roughly equivalent to the second half of this year. I mean, I don't want to beat around the bush. We're trying to get away from quarterly guidance. We're trying to get people to think about us longer term. A lot of the things we're spending money on are projects that have long-term payback like Perennial Wood and microfibers, et cetera. So excuse me for taking your question to make this little point. But so while we gave some guidance about first half this year to second half next year, and a lot of that is just based on the thought that maybe the economy is not going to slow down and so maybe we'll get a little bit of a pickup in the second half, maybe fourth quarter won't be the typical down -- such a down quarter for us like it is so many other years. But again, it's pretty early in the year to try and be making these calls.
James P. Rogers: Yes. Just a little bit on the Fibers market. Much of the marketplace is annual contracts. And so we buy our Fibers on a fix priced for a year -- buy our pulp on a fixed price for a year. But we also commit to a price for most of our large customers per year, not completely, but in general that's the way that market is priced. So typically, you have this big round of annual pricing in the winter, and at that time, you usually have a good idea what your costs are. So you try and line those up. And what's Fibers got -- is this the ninth year of earnings, record earnings? So, so far, we've been doing a pretty good job of lining those up.
James P. Rogers: It did, but I don't know how much weight to put on that, honestly. That's such a pretty typical pattern in a first quarter for our industry. So I personally am not going to play that up too much, but I know others have.
