Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Candice, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. On the call with me today are Jim Rogers, Chairman and CEO; and Curt Espeland, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'll cover three items. First, during this call, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations for first quarter and full year 2011. Actual results could differ materially from our plans and expectations, certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results news release on our website and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for third quarter 2010 and the Form 10-K to be filed for full year 2010.  Second, except when otherwise indicated, all financial measures referenced in the call and in the slides accompanying the call will be non-GAAP financial measures, including earnings per share, operating earnings and cash flows from operating activities that exclude asset impairment and restructuring charges, early debt extinguishment costs and the impact of the adoption of amended accounting guidance for transfers of financial assets. Our reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including the description of the asset pairs restructuring charges, debt extinguishment costs and adoption of amended accounting guidance, are available in our fourth quarter and full year 2010 financial results news release and the tables accompanying the release.  Lastly, we've posted slides that accompany our remarks for this morning's call on our website at www.investors. eastman.com in the Presentation and Events section. With that I'll turn the call over to Jim.
Gregory Riddle: Okay, great. Thanks, Curt. And this concludes our prepared remarks. Candice, we are ready for our questions.
Gregory Riddle: Okay. Thank again for joining us this morning. A replay of this call will be available on our website this afternoon through February 11. Have a great day, everyone.
James Rogers: Yes, sure. I mean, it's something we've talked a lot about in the past. And I think I've said in the past, it's one of the ways we believe we can differentiate ourselves so we're just smart about how we put our cash to work. So we're still in the frame of mind that we should be using all those buckets. As I look at it, having sold PET, you see we got a little cost that's stuck to our ribs -- very much when we'd be doing more acquisitions. But they've got to be smart and we can't over pay and so you ought to expect us to continue on that at a measured pace. Odds are that will not be the only use of cash we want do, we want to use the other buckets. You saw what we did in the debt bucket, I imagine we'll fairly quiet in that one. The equity bucket, with the dividend and with buyback, seems like a prudent way to use a portion of the cash as well. I don't want to get nailed down on a particular number. You know the board is the one who approves dividend increases and share buyback increases. But when I look across all four buckets, I know the CapEx is going to go up. I feel very confident we'll be able to do some acquisitions, they may not be real big, they maybe more like Genovique, maybe a little larger, we'll see. And I would guess we'll continue to buy back stock.
James Rogers: Yes in all. Yes everywhere because the demand has been so strong. So by just starting CASPI in the coating side of the specialties, not a constraint there and we hope that we're never constrained there because there's a number of products we're the only ones in the world who make it. But when I get to more the resin side, the old Adhesives business, there we've had some constraints and that's where you've seen this expanding capacity. When I look at PCI, we've been constrained on 2-EH, which is a precursor we need for plasticizers, so that's another place you see us adding capacity. Specialty Plastics, we've talked a lot about. Just on that, I mean, if we'd had perfect foresight, we would've started these projects sooner, but I think we've mentioned it was really tough in early '09 to go to your board of directors and say, "Let's start spending a lot on money on capital. " And our industry is such that it takes a while to get it in the ground and running. Good news is that's true for everybody, so the markets have tightened up and probably through '11, we'll still be able to do fairly well on pricing versus raws and energy.
James Rogers: That's not going to kick in to '12, '13. So we'll talk more about it here in a few weeks when we get to Investor's Day, Frank. But we're not just bullish on 2011. I mean, we see things down the road for '12 and '13 that we'll be able to talk more about that. So we want to keep this high rate of earnings growth going.
James Rogers: Well, it's not just coatings. There's other parts of the business. But maybe the industry didn't have a blowout year, but we sure had a record year, a really strong year for CASPI. Frank, we're trying to be prudent in terms of how we're looking at the different segments. There are some places that are capacity constrained. There are specialties that when the raws move, you don't always get the price right away and that's what happened to CASPI some in the fourth quarter. Although, I think I mentioned as I look through January, we can see that we do have pricing in place to make up that shortfall that hit us in the fourth quarter in CASPI. So I mean, overall, I'm bullish but I'm not trying to call some big uptick for the coatings marketplace.
James Rogers: I'll let Curt kind of give some numbers on it. But not just CASPI but across the whole company. I was a little disappointed in our SG&A discipline in the fourth quarter and I take responsibility for that. We had a strong year. There was some pent-up demand to do, some things out there on the shop floors and so people spend a little bit of money. I think our discipline is back here in the first and second quarter. I think, Curt, for CASPI, the gross stuff, we're ball parking at $5 million to $7 million, is that. . .
James Rogers: I would say more favorable and that's only because I'm looking at the pricing actions we've taken. So I'll just give you an example. In a specialty product line within CASPI, we are really the only ones in the world who make the product, you just never want to price off a particular raw material moves. And so we can catch you during the quarter, maybe even for a following quarter, we've talked in the past about long supply lines, they saw some destocking, but eventually, you have a right to get that in price. And so when I look at CASPI, for example, I will say that I know they have more price increases in the first quarter, and so I factored that in and if raws just stayed where they are now or somewhere near now, I'd be fairly confident we'd have expansion in spread.
James Rogers: I mean, you know what destocking is, and it was, I would say, a little bit of a surprise for us. We saw it more towards the end of the quarter. It was in the coatings additives, the specialty side, think about some of the longer supply lines to, say, Asia, et cetera. And I think the customers just took an opportunity to clean up at year end. I can tell you in January the volume is back. So I look at it as a kind of one-time blip.
James Rogers: Well, not so much in dollars because obviously there's a few moving parts but most people, when they think of the cracker, they think of PCI. PCI will get 60% plus of the benefit, but CASPI will get close to more than a third of the benefit from restarting that cracker just due to the propylene derivatives and their cost position on that.
James Rogers: Yes. I mean, we think we're doing what is prudent right now in terms of some of the capacity expansions. I don't know how aggressive we want to get in the marketplaces, the sheer commodity marketplaces that PCI plays into, so we're much more interested in the derivatives and carrying that spread down the value chain into the derivatives. And there, frankly, the capital numbers are typically smaller to expand some of those product lines because they're not as big a marketplace when I look at the derivatives. So I think we take advantage of that spread for a long time. I think we're being prudent about where we add capacity, but I don't see us making any kind of big plays in the olefin world.
James Rogers: Yes. I guess, and we've talked about this on other calls. I don't often think in terms of percentage margin. I know most of the people on the call do. I think in terms of absolute dollars, and I guess, I just have had the experiences. Raws move around and pricing moves around. The percentages can fool you, but the absolute dollars never lie. So when I look at our Fibers business, I'm very pleased with the absolute earnings they've brought in, which as you know, were very good. Specifically on the raws, we talked about that. Wood pulp in particular goes up. In this industry, a lot of your suppliers will give you a price for the year. Many of us in the tow manufacturing will give our customers a price for the year and try and match that up. Fairly significant increase in wood pulp this year, we'll see what coal does for us. But what we think is between the pricing that we got at the beginning of the year and the additional volumes that we're expecting, especially having a full year of our Korean joint venture going, that's why we're looking for another up year in this Fibers business. And I guess, that's about as much as I can say. Like I said I don't particularly focus in on the percent margin for Fibers.
James Rogers: Yes, it's interesting. I mean, our desire is to be more in the emerging markets to have a greater exposure there but frankly the opportunities come out you from everywhere including just the states and that's a good deal. We're going to turn it down just because it's a U.S. company. So we're seeing it both. We're seeing it in the U.S., Europe, some in Latin America, a little bit harder to find them in Asia, frankly. Maybe that's just us but in my opinion, that seems to be tough for everyone and it has more opportunities under $500 million than over $500 million, so that's why I kind of say, the sweet spot is probably that few hundred million. More than likely what you end up with some company that's global and represented in several regions like Genovique was, so even they had a small U.S. op, they were big in Eastern Europe and had position in Asia, and that's kind of the ideal scenario in my opinion.
James Rogers: At one-time, I thought we were the exception because we were strong in Europe, but I've heard more and more people talk about Europe coming back. I just got --back from Davos last week and I would say the tone there -- and it is very much dominated by Europeans, the tone there was fairly bullish. For the next several years they think we're at the beginning of an expansion cycle. I do as well. And I know that there's a lot of crazy stuff going in the world, in North Africa and places like Ireland and Greece, et cetera, but the way they were talking about it and what make sense to me is you just got to hold this in perspective in the large economies like Germany and France and the U.K. are quite strong and it looks like the growth has come back to Eastern Europe. So I continue to be bullish on Europe as a whole.
James Rogers: No. I think we will have seasonal strength. What we were trying to reflect was just the fact that we will be capacity constrained in a few areas that typically as you go across the year, usually the lightest of the three quarters so just to keep your numbers up. But I would expect the middle of the year to be stronger and we did say we hope to do better than 10%, so we'll see how that shakes up.
James Rogers: I'll let Curt answer the last part. What we see between propane and propylene right now, in general, the trend is going to continue. There's some other things going on in the marketplace that'll probably make the first half of the year better than the second half of the year and that has to do with competitors and outages, et cetera. But overall, we believe we're going to continue to see a positive spread there, just can't guarantee that it'll be as strong as it is today.
James Rogers: They did do a good job, Andy. And I hear you on spending the cash. Again, the tough part for us is just finding the right stuff. So I appreciate the patience of our shareholders as we sit on some of this cash. We've seen too many times in the past where guys had run out and just spend it and we want to be really prudent as we do it. So we're going to continue, I hope, buying back stock and building where we're tight on capacity, but then also looking for the right acquisitions. I'd love to do some more like Genovique.
James Rogers: Yes, Jeff. The way I look at it, I hadn't thought about the depreciation piece, we were just trying to quantify what's mainly labor and you know how that goes. You have the leverage of one functional department and it's almost like no matter how many operating assets you have, it's kind of a fixed expense. What we did at year end is we had a voluntary where we did have a little less than 200 people decide to retire from the company. It was a little less than we wanted. Could I have done more in the fourth quarter? And yes, I guess, I could have. But with a record year, morale being strong and us wanting to grow, having major plants and a headquarters in a small town, you just don't think in terms of so let another 100 people go and you'll just hire them back in the next 12 months. Our culture is such that we thought the right thing to do was to go ahead and eat those costs for a while and then just really put the pressure on ourselves to grow and grow our core businesses but also do some acquisitions and absorb those costs again.
Curtis Espeland: No. I'd agree. And as we've talked about some of the upside of additional volume will come will come as we put more steel on the ground and get that capital and growth spending.
Curtis Espeland: Yes. $5 million to $7 million and the nature of that kind of cost is business development costs that we have with some strategic customers as they look at applying products to new markets, some consulting fees as we're looking at around trying to penetrate some of the merging markets, as well as some strategy work. And even though it's pulled forward to maybe it was on the fourth quarter, the good news is that, that should contribute to the continued growth of CASPI. And we'll spend that money as we continue to see a return on that investment.
Curtis Espeland: Yes, I think it's fair to say that we'll need more than 116 million of share, that's current authorization as we look at some of the share repurchases and we'll discuss that with our board over the coming year.
Curtis Espeland: Yes. What I'll just comment on the cracker was a cost obviously in the fourth quarter, part of third quarter and as we start the year particularly the first half of the year, we think CASPI and PCI are going to see them break it out specifically, but I think you'll see in the guidance and then particularly PCI being over $250 million, that reflects a strong first half of the year for CASPI and PCI. As Jim mentioned, second half of the year, I don't think we're ready to call it yet.
Curtis Espeland: No, in 2010 we we're going to do $135 million. It will only be $35 million in '10 and will be $100 million in 2011.
Curtis Espeland: Well, we signed some agreements, I mean, the Beaumont assets, as part of the former TXE, have three or four different parts. We had some write-downs of those assets some time ago, probably sitting around $50 million plus on our balance sheet today. I think we'll do a little better then that over the two or three different components that we'll divest over the next first or second quarter.
Curtis Espeland: I'm not sure they're additive. The $15 million was some cost distant from the depreciation and just goes with the business, doesn't really affect the cash flow. The stranded costs are what they are, that we're planning to grow into them.
Curtis Espeland: And Jeff, what I might also add is just to keep in mind that, that assumes we don't do anything with the cash proceeds from that transaction. So while there may be some overhang in the form of cost, we still have the opportunity to create some value and earnings with that cash.
Curtis Espeland: No. That would be worked primarily working capital and it maybe single millions to $10 million. It's not going to be in the $50 million, that magnitude.
Curtis Espeland: I think we will expect to see some use of working capital in 2011, primarily, just because of the increase in sales and so you'll see accounts receivable go up proportionally with the sales. I'm hoping we can keep inventory fairly manages and then the only think worth the mercy of is raw material increases that go into the value of inventory. But otherwise, it's the quantity. Our guys are starting they year with the expectation of really keeping their inventory tight.
