Gregory A. Riddle: Okay. Thank you, Mara, and good morning, everyone, and thanks very much for joining us. On the call with me today are Mark Costa, Chairman and CEO; Curt Espeland, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Louis Reavis, Manager of Investor Relations. Before we begin, I'll cover two items. First, during this presentation, you will hear certain forward-looking statements concerning our plans and expectations. Actual events or results could differ materially. Certain factors related to future expectations are or will be detailed in the company's first quarter 2015 financial results news release, and in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Form 10-Q filed for 2014 and the Form 10-Q to be filed for first quarter 2015. Second, earnings per share, operating earnings and EBITDA referenced in this presentation exclude certain non-core or non-recurring costs, charges and gains. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures, including a description of excluded items, are available in the first quarter 2015 financial results news release and in the Appendix to the slides that accompany our remarks this morning, both of which can be found on our website, www.eastman.com in the Investor Section. Projections of future earnings in the presentation also exclude such items as described in the first quarter financial results news release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mark.
Gregory A. Riddle: All right. Thanks, Mark. We have a lot of people on the line this morning and we'd like to get to as many questions as possible. So, I ask everybody that is on the line to limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. With that, Mara, we're ready for questions.
Gregory A. Riddle: I mean, the way you think about it, Nils, is they're on track on a corporate basis for that $0.50 or greater than $0.50 accretion on an annual basis. So, just think of it that way, we're on track with that accretion expectation.
Gregory A. Riddle: Yeah. Thanks, Mara and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We'll have a Web replay and replay in downloadable MP3 format available on our website probably later this morning. Thanks a lot and have a great day.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, Curt. I'll close on slide 13 with comments on our full year 2015 outlook, and I'm quite happy to say that our outlook has improved due to the actions we have taken. We continue to have strong growth drivers across the company. This starts with our portfolio of specialty businesses that leverage our world-class technology platforms. These specialty businesses are positioned to grow this year. We will benefit from growth in a diverse set of end markets, including transportation, building and construction, consumables and food, feed and ag. We also expect high growth from some of our most innovative high-margin specialty growth programs improving our mix. We will benefit from low oil in many of our specialty and special position businesses where pricing is more determined on the functionality and value to customers, and you can see that in our first quarter results. And we expect it will continue for the remainder of the year. We've done an excellent job in managing costs over the years, and I expect this to continue. And as I've mentioned, we expect significant accretion from the businesses we acquired in 2014. We're all about focus and execution this year and driving value for organic growth and creating value through the integration of our highly accretive acquisitions. Of course, we also have some short-term headwinds and uncertainties in the global economy, volatile oil and the strengthening dollar. Given our excellent start to the year, expectations for solid growth in our specialty businesses, earnings from the recently acquired businesses and continued cost discipline, we are now well positioned to deliver our sixth consecutive year of earnings growth in 2015, something only a very small percentage of S&P 500 companies have been able to do in the last 10 years. Lastly, these solid earnings are translating to strong free cash flow generation. We now expect to generate approximately $900 million of free cash flow, at the top end of the guidance we gave you in January, which represents a free cash flow yield of approximately 8%. This puts us in a great position to continue to pay a strong dividend, invest in growth through capital expenditures and achieve the appropriate level of deleveraging. I'm very excited about our performance so far this year, our expectations for the full year and for what we can deliver over the coming years. With that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Mark J. Costa: Thanks, David. Certainly spread was a factor in the growth in Q1 relative to Q4. As Curt mentioned, we saw good discipline in holding on to prices as raw materials came down and the inventory turns are quite fast in that business and we were able to sort of improve our spread and as also Curt mentioned that the hedge, which predominantly goes into SFI, flows through COGS. You don't see much of that hit in the first quarter as that will increase into the second quarter and the hedge will really be the big driver in compressing some of the margins on first quarter to second quarter.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. So, we do certainly think that destocking will abate in the first half of the year and things will improve in the second half. And the way I think about this, Dave, is primary demand story hasn't changed at all, really, in the last 12 months. So, what we see is, outside of China, demand for cigarettes is trending as it always has. In China, the primary demand is expected to be flat to slightly up, but let's call it flattish. So, the primary demand situation is unchanged. What's really going on this year is, what's the story in tow demand, and there are really three components of that. The first is, the Chinese National Tobacco Company has added capacity in joint ventures with us last year and Daicel this year. And that removes a certain amount of demand available to the tow suppliers because if you're backward integrated, you're going to run your assets full. So, there's a certain chunk of market that just leaves the market. Then the rest of it is a destocking story and it's two different stories. So, in China, CNTC produces cigarettes and collects tax revenue at the production level. And over 2013, 2014, they got ahead of themselves in production relative to primary demand and built up more inventory than they needed. And they finally took actions to sort of correct that inventory, which is what you're seeing in the first half of this year. And they continue to tell us that that should clear itself the first half of the year, and that's all that they were able to go on, but it makes sense. With the multinationals, they also are doing some destocking around the globe for a different reason. Capacity utilization was incredibly tight in the 2010 to 2013 timeframe. And so, they were concerned about making sure they had safety stock in place because they never want to run out of filter tow because it's a very small percentage of their total cost. And so, they were carrying excess inventory. As the Chinese added capacity, that made the capacity utilization a little bit looser. They felt less at risk at that. And there was also a significant large customer changing out their product line and then destocking in the first half of the year and restocking for their new product line in the second half of the year. So, all of that combines to make the destocking story make sense to us. I would also note that with all of our large customers, we have annual contracts on both price and volume. And they generally honor those contracts, and that also would confirm a recovering demand in the back half the year.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Tire demand globally is very moderate in its growth rate if you look at what our customers like Michelin and others are saying in the marketplace. But there's really two stories inside that. Europe and North America tire growth is actually quite solid and getting better year-over-year. The issue is China. And the Chinese are struggling through two things and reducing tire production right now to destock their situation because the tariffs in the U.S. have pushed the sales back out of the U.S. towards China or other markets. And they've massively overbuilt higher production capacity in China, and the economy is clearly slowing down, especially commercial activity in China where we're leveraged with Crystex. And that's resulted in some decline in demand there in the first quarter. But we have seen a strong improvement in demand going into the second quarter from the first. But overall, I'd say the tire market is going to have very modest growth globally when you add it all together.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. On the market price situation, what we see is – we saw a fairly large drop in propylene prices in April. And the more commoditized products that we have are going to follow that down. The specialties are going to hold on to value as best as they can with that change in the marketplace conditions. And I think that's all playing out in the way you would expect. Fortunately, commodities are a very small percentage of our total earnings portfolio. But it's the dynamic that's going on right now. I'm going to let Curt answer the olefins spread hedge question.
Mark J. Costa: Good morning, Vince. Yeah. There are two parts of it, both volume-related. So, the – as the final contract settled, there was a slight drop in tow demand when we added it all together. The other part was, we sell acetyl intermediates into our joint venture with Solvay for producing product. And they also reduced their demand need on that joint venture, so we had lower acetyl intermediate sales.
Mark J. Costa: Adhesives & Plasticizer is a great story, improvement in the industry structure. What's happened in Adhesives is the volumes have continued in the market to grow quite solidly in hygiene, hot melt adhesive packaging, so strong growth in the market. As we continue to move to a lighter feedstock slates, the amount of raw materials available for hydrocarbon resins has become more limited and you've got a tightening market situation that's given us a lot of value and pricing power in the marketplace. I would also note that the rosin question that we've discussed in the past is also quite stable. Prices in rosins are low and availability is sort of typical this year and the low prices of rosins this year would suggest that those won't significantly increase into next year either. So, we see a nice stable situation there in adhesives.
Mark J. Costa: We view Taminco as a great acquisition, great add to the portfolio, very much on track in delivering the results and doing a great job in performing, including finding ways to offset their own FX headwinds. On the specific ag question, Frank, the ag demand on a year-over-year basis, is the way I'd think about it, came off a bit when it comes to the functional amines going into sort of the row crop herbicides, consistent with what you might expect in the marketplace. But we've seen strong indications and improvements of volume sequentially from the first quarter into the second quarter. In particular, the customers we serve, they're doing a bit better this year than last year. We also saw burn-downs start this year which did not occur last year, so some additional demand as a result of that. As we all know, the winter ag season last year was a pretty tough comp. So, things are going really well there on the row crop. I'd also remind everyone that the ag business related to row crops is only about 10% of the total revenue of Taminco. So, while we pay attention to it, it's not a significant part of the portfolio. One of the great things about Taminco, like Eastman, is it has a very diverse set of end markets. And then the other part is crop protection is doing better than expected. The nice thing about perishable products is you can't build up inventory and those crop products are having a good demand this year.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. All right. Capital allocation is always a critical and important debate we have among ourselves with our board, and we are committed to the approach we've always taken. So, when I think about capital allocation, the priority starts with great, attractive organic growth opportunities that are important in leveraging our world-scale platforms and allow us grow and sustain the performance of those platforms. So, organic is always going to take a priority, assuming they have attractive returns. We're fortunate that our operating cash flow is so strong that we can meet those needs and still have quite a bit of free cash flow. We have one of the best yields in the industry. So, there is a fair question which is, what do you do with all that free cash flow. And we'll continue to have a disciplined and balanced approach to that in looking at both acquisitions and returning cash to shareholders and making sure we do which creates the most value for our shareholders at that time from a long-term value creation point of view.
Mark J. Costa: Other way around. So Curt just made the short term comment about delevering and I made the long term comment there – the long-term capital allocation philosophy.
Mark J. Costa: Sure, Kevin. We're very much on track with our Crystex strategy, continue to be very excited about this new technology we developed. As you mentioned, we shut the Sète business down last year to take out some fixed cost. And the reason we could do that is we have done such a great job in working with the Crystex manufacturing guys combined with our operational experts at our large integrated sites, we found ways to improve the performance of the existing plants, so that out of six plants, we're producing much more than we ever could in seven plants. And that's why we could shut Sète down, which is just a great operational synergy story. The new technology will be both retrofits which we've already started in our Germany plant. And then, of course, we're gearing up to start construction of our Kuantan plant to double capacity in that site. So, the overall Crystex story is moving along quite nicely. I'd also mention that while the overall market is not growing that fast in tires, we're having great success with some of our new growth products that we're selling into tires and growing those quite fast. So, our tackifying resins, their performance added for traction are seeing significant growth this year over last year. So, the overall portfolio has ways to grow beyond just the primary end market.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. The businesses are actually improving quite nicely in Europe, and the overall economy is obviously sluggish but improving from a GDP point of view. But in markets like transportation, we're seeing nice recovery in volumes. Even in building and construction, there's some improvements that we're starting to see. So, Europe is expected to be sort of a nice story for us this year.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. Passenger tires are doing sort of reasonably well across the globe. Truck tires are doing well in North America, slow in Europe and challenged in China at the moment because of the economic deceleration going on in China. That's a short-term comment, why they're destocking, we expect that to sort of improve as we go into the year.
Mark J. Costa: From a hedging point of view, we're continuing to review our hedging strategy and decide what's the most appropriate thing to do. Obviously, there's a tremendous amount of volatility today in the market around where oil is going to go and the associated raw materials from oil. So, we're making sure that we think about it carefully and step forward carefully.
Mark J. Costa: Oh, we have a strategy of making sure that we protect our volatility in our earnings, but we're trying to understand what the structural implications are to the change in the marketplaces because clearly, no one saw oil going from $100 to $50, including us. And when that kind of structural change happens in the marketplace, it's appropriate to step back and rethink your strategy and make sure what you're doing is appropriate.
Mark J. Costa: Mike, great question. I've been waiting for it. Yeah. We see a great opportunity for us to continue delivering earnings growth this year over last year as well as into 2016. And I think the first quarter is great evidence about the quality of our specialty portfolio and the transitions we've been making to be more of a specialty company. When you look at the earnings performance in the first quarter, it was really quite good in our specialty businesses, we held on to value and we're quite disciplined in how we hold on to value in those businesses and we're able to offset the vast majority of the headwinds we had in currency and hedging. And we did it without volume. And there is an important point in that which is, we were being disciplined, and as a result, customers held off on ordering, waiting for the best price. And then we saw, when we got those all negotiated, we saw price – volumes recover in the – Mark's timeframe into April. It's also important to note when you think about that story that the COGS flow-through on specialty businesses is quite slow. Three to six months versus commodities being in that sort of shorter, one to two month range. And therefore, when you really look at the story of the specialty businesses in the first quarter, it's quite good. So, as we go from that into the rest of the year, what we see is continued strong improvement in volumes in those specialty businesses as we go into the first quarter – I mean, sorry – into the second quarter and we expect volume growth to continue through the year. In addition to those end markets delivering volume growth, we also expect high growth of these high-margin products that we have that are selling especially in Advanced Materials that are giving us quite an earnings uplift within that volume growth. So, we feel good about that. But, of course, you've always got some of the offsets we've mentioned, the currency strengthened, the propylene and ethylene prices are lower today than what we expected in January. And so, there's a netting effect of all that. But if you took current market conditions that we have today, associated with oil, currency, et cetera, and looked forward, you would – we feel very confident that we're going to deliver earnings growth year-over-year. And as I think about it, you know, this is not a 2015 story. It's a 2016 story, too. So, you've got all these strong growth drivers that continue into 2016. You've got oil, hopefully one day, showing up as an economic stimulus further improving demand, and then you've got the headwinds that we have this year that are more short-term headwinds when you think about 2016 and not likely to repeat. So, hedge starts coming off, oil prices likely to be higher, Fibers demand is stable to better next year, all give us additional room for earnings growth year-over-year. And then, of course, I think that all of that is much stronger than some margins this year that we captured, in particular on the first quarter, that would be difficult to repeat next year with prices falling relative to rosins, a small part of our portfolio that's commodity. So, I think our overall earnings story is very much intact on a year-over-year basis for 2015 as well as 2016.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. It's a story related to oil. So, raw material prices dropped dramatically associated with oil and plasticizers like other olefins. And so what you're seeing is prices come down with those raw materials in the plasticizers side of that business. There's also continued competitive pressure in that business. As Asians have been trying to reposition towards North America, Europe is obviously not attractive for them on a relative currency basis for some of them as well as looking to place that product because economic growth in China has not been very good.
Mark J. Costa: That would be the big question for the world about what is China economy going to do. My personal view is they're not growing at 7% GDP, not close to it, and there are certainly lots of articles out there right now talking about that. How it accelerates or decelerates from where it is today is a question beyond my pay grade. But I do think that the important part for us is, our volume story is actually quite strong in plasticizers. While we've had some headwinds on margin which will start to abate this year, the volume story about our non-phthalates is great. We are seeing very strong growth in non-phthalates. We're primarily focused on selling these products in North America where we have the best netback and we recently had another factor come in to drive non-phthalate change, where Home Depot has now told all of its suppliers that it doesn't want phthalates in its flooring. So, the pressure to sort of switch to non-phthalates just keeps on increasing. So, we feel good about this business long term. It's going to have very strong growth. There is lots of addressable market left to penetrate in the switch from phthalate to non-phthalate. We just need to get this margin pressure situation to clear and then that will then turn into earnings growth.
Mark J. Costa: But, Jeff, part of that story is we've taken actions to improve our total production rate of olefins. So, we're improving the quality of how we're running our crackers. We've shifted our mix towards more propane from ethane because propane, currently, is quite advantaged, as you know. So, there are some actions we've taken. But we also were concerned that people were over interpreting our substantial comment, I want to make sure people knew where our hedge positions were.
Mark J. Costa: So, as you think about overall tow demand, just so we're clear, the destocking is occurring in the first half of the year. We expect recovery in demand in the second half of the year as that destocking abates. In regards to the second quarter versus the first quarter, I would describe the volume as similar to maybe a little bit better on a sequential basis from first quarter to second quarter.
Mark J. Costa: Right now, we are very much focused on execution. We have done some great acquisitions, four of them last year. We've got a tremendous portfolio of organic growth projects and we're all about delivering results right now and focusing on how we do all of that incredibly well. That is and will continue to be our priority.
Mark J. Costa: So, I'll comment on the industry side. What we are seeing, is as I mentioned, we added some capacity and Daicel is adding some capacity with CNTC. And fortunately, what we're also seeing is that the three out of four tow suppliers in this industry are also rationalizing capacity right now that is high cost and not necessary, and so we've taken our working Workington site down. You've seen announcements from Celanese and Solvay about taking some capacity out. When you add that all together and you look at different demand scenarios for 2016, it would imply industry utilization rates in the low 90%s range, which is a nice stable place to be and, importantly, should indicate ability for us to maintain stable margins just like we've already done this year, maintaining stable margins in the face of this destocking.
Mark J. Costa: Sure. I'll take part of this question, and I wouldn't be surprised if Curt piles in. So, first of all, when you look at the overall price performance of our company compared to our diversified peers, we actually did a great job of holding price. And I think that's a good proxy for the quality of our portfolio. But no matter what you are, specialty or commodity, raw material prices came down considerably. And some of our pricing, especially in our core copolyesters was going to go follow raw materials downward to some extent. And that's the price effect that we're feeling – so – in Advanced Materials, and the same logic would apply to the olefin products in AFP and the plasticizers and in A&P. But the spreads did not compress. And so, I think that that portfolio, in fact, expanded in most cases. But there's a limit, you have to treat your customers with respect to make sure you pass on value to them too when the raw materials come down So, I think that we did a nice job of finding appropriate balance with our customers for the value that we create for them, and we will continue to do so going forward. So, it's also important to keep in mind that the raw material flow through issue being three to six months on the specialty. So, when you look at the margins, you don't have that rapid flow through that you saw in SFI.
Curtis E. Espeland: Yeah. If I could add, Mark, on top of that. So, as I mentioned in SFI, you are seeing that margin compression in April that that will be a good – that will be felt mostly in this segment plus that impact of the hedges. And quite honestly, if I think about just the shaping of the year as well, that's going to impact the kind of the quarters as they progress a little differently than what you've seen in the past. So, I think our full year is going to be more balanced, first half of the year, second half of the year. And second quarter is really going to be probably one of the more challenging quarters we have on a year-over-year comparable basis in part due to that SFI factor we discussed as well as the timing of tow demand.
Curtis E. Espeland: Sure. And maybe the best way to think about this, P.J., let me just kind of give update on that $0.40 to $0.60 impact we talked about on olefins. And so, it's important when we talk about producing versus buying olefins, let me highlight a couple of things. First, the make-up of our olefin needs are changing as we grow. So, for example, now we produce about 55% of the propylene we need, and we now purchase the rest. So, that's impacting some of this. The benefits of producing versus purchasing olefins, we do expect to be volatile. And you see that as it goes through this April. And so, as we see these decline in ethylene and propylene prices. So, that's going to be a challenge, a little bit more of a challenge than we originally anticipated. On our propane hedges we put in place last year, that's an additional headwind for us where we've kind of hedged about two-thirds of our propane purchases in 2015 and just over 50% in 2016. So, when I think about the propane hedges themselves, there has been no material change in the expected impact of these hedges on the 2015 results. So, a lot of it is just, right now, coming down to those cracking spreads. Finally, we have, though, taken a variety of actions trying to mitigate these margin pressures including improved operations and a shift to a more advantaged feedstock mix. I think is probably around 70% propane today. So, putting it all together with the current market conditions, we're probably now at the high end of that $0.40 to $0.60 range we provided early in the year. As a reminder, though, that impact does not include the impact of pricings – prices of our derivatives or changes in other raw materials, and so we try to factor those into our overall corporate guidance. But again, the business teams are doing a great job trying to hold on to value, and you see that being done in our first quarter results.
Curtis E. Espeland: If I could, Frank, if you look at our 2015, nothing has changed in our commitment though we also have to take a fair bit of that free cash flow and complete the deleveraging we've committed to.
Curtis E. Espeland: Kevin, this is Curt. On the – nothing new to report on our efforts around our olefins in Texas. We will continue to evaluate options with excess ethylene and/or our crackers in normal course. On the propane, we do have some hedges going into 2017, but they're moderate compared to what I described in 2015 and 2016.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, again, the benefit is partially the acquisitions. If you recall, we said Taminco, if you think about specialty amines and crop protection going to additives & Functional Products, and the functional amines going to SFI, it was about 75% going to AFP, 25% going to SFI. So, that gives you some way to think about the order of magnitude for the Taminco. And, yes, as Mark mentioned, the margins did expand in the first quarter, but as we talked about, we think that margin expansion is going to come off in the second quarter for SFI, in part because of the decline in propylene and ethylene margins and in part because of the flow of the hedge.
Curtis E. Espeland: So, Jeff, this is Curt. A couple of perspectives. First of all, there's been no change to our propane hedging program as we defined it last year. So, you know we moved from that sort of a short-term hedging program to a multiyear hedging program. So, there's been no change there. We had talked in the past about being substantially hedged in 2015 and 2016. I just wanted to provide some more clarity for people who don't understand what that order of magnitude is. So, it was about two-thirds in 2015 and just over half in 2016.
Curtis E. Espeland: This is Curt, Jeff. First of all, on your de-icing, the de-icing was up year-over-year. That was a contributing factor. There are some offsets to it within a diversified portfolio have like within our specialty amines business, and that's the formic acid aspect of it there. On the EBITDA for Taminco, I'd characterize it – as we look at it right now, I think if you take all the factors, the EBITDA of Taminco will be equal or slightly above where they were last year.
Curtis E. Espeland: If I could, let me just clarify. I think you're referring to my comment about second quarter being more of a challenge year-over-year, and that's a truly – part of the factor is this tow demand on a year-over-year comparison basis.
Curtis E. Espeland: Well, if you think about – this is Curt – the impact of the exchanges, the strength in the dollar and for us it's specifically the euro, we've talked about that change being a $0.25 to $0.30 headwind per share. That's reflecting net of some of the hedges we have in place. We've hedged roughly half of our currency. As you see, currency sitting there today around $1.10, $1.11, that impact is going to be a little greater than that $0.25 to $0.30, and that's what we're expecting in our outlook. I'd say, similarly, we have a hedge going into next year that will help mitigate that, just not to the same magnitude of 50% we had this year.
Curtis E. Espeland: And this is Curt. Just as you make your evaluation analysis, you can see some of that in the pricing changes. So, you look at Additives & Functional Products, Adhesives & Plasticizers, Advanced Materials, you see their prices only coming down 2% to 5% versus 16% in SFI. So, that's just some of the factors that Mark described. I'd also remind people as they evaluate Additives & Functional Products and SFI, keep in mind as we bring the Taminco businesses into those, that does have a weighting effect on the operating margins for those businesses. So, for Additives & Functional Products, they'll have a slightly lower operating margin now just because of the mix of Taminco versus the heritage Eastman businesses.
Curtis E. Espeland: I would say, right now, it's been factored in our guidance. We look at all the moving parts, and so from – as it relates to organic growth, we factor that into that aspect. From the acquisition standpoint, we talked about greater than $0.35 accretion this year and greater than $0.60 accretion next year.
Curtis E. Espeland: Its earnings profile is pretty constant during the course of the year. So, that's how I would think about it.
Curtis E. Espeland: And then as you think about the benefits of the synergies, that's probably weighted more towards the second half of the year.
