Mark Costa: Good morning. Thanks for joining us. It’s good to be here emerging into the spring and putting the winter behind us. I would like to begin on Slide 3 with some of the highlights from the first quarter. Business results from the first quarter were as expected and we feel good about our expected performance for the full year. Eastman specific actions which we expect to contribute $0.50 to $0.75 of earnings per share growth in 2014 are on track. Some examples include mix improvements in Advanced Materials or [ph] products like Tritan copolyester and premium acoustic interlayers, we had the larger percentage of our revenue in the first quarter. Our acetate joint venture in China is also producing commercial quantities. And we continue to benefit from synergies related to Solutia acquisition. Another Solutia related synergy is the progress we continue to make on our corporate tax rate this quarter, bringing the rate down to 28% and with the potential for it to go lower. As a comparison, for the full-year of 2010, our effective tax rate was 34%. We also continue to be disciplined in how we deploy capital. During the quarter, we announced two bolt-on acquisitions which are complementary to our existing fluids and performance films businesses and will help us grow profitably and I will talk more about those later. And our board authorized us to repurchase another $1 billion of shares and with $260 million of share repurchase in the quarter, we’ve begun using this authorization after completing the previous $300 million authorization. This authorization further reinforces the board’s commitment to returning cash to shareholders and its confidence in our ability to deliver consistent superior value. Finally, Eastman was recognized by the EPA with the 2014 ENERGY STAR Partner of The Year – Sustained Excellence Award. This is the third consecutive year Eastman has been recognized as an Energy Star Partner of the year. And we are the only chemical company to have won 3 Energy Star awards. This recognition is a great win for us on two fronts, as it represents both our commitment to improving the environment through energy conservation, as well as our ability to reduce energy costs through smart management, innovative sustainable solutions and ongoing productivity improvement. On Slide 4, I will review our first quarter results. As we indicated back in January, we expected to start out the year a bit slower than we did in 2013 due to factors such as narrowing olefin spreads and customer buying patterns for certain product lines especially fluids, fibers and performance films, and our results are consistent with that guidance. Sales revenue was essentially flat as volume growth in coatings, advanced materials – premium product lines and Adhesives & Plasticizers was offset by lower volume in specialty fluids, performance films and rubber additives. Operating earnings declined by about 5% with higher propane costs being a significant headwind this quarter, particularly for Specialty Fluids & Intermediates segment and also impacting our Additives & Functional Products and Adhesives & Plasticizers segments. Another factor that impacted our results in the first quarter was weak demand in China, particularly for solvents, tires and plasticizer product lines where we see slowing China growth results and increased composition in the North American and European markets. While longer-term we remain very positive on China in their shift towards a more consumer-based economy, midterm this transition is clearly challenged. Earnings-per-share was about flat year over year as lower operating earnings was offset by a lower share count, stronger other income, lower interest expense and a lower tax rate. And this result is consistent with our strategy of using all lines of the income statement to deliver EPS growth. And I will turn over to Curt to review the segment results and our cash generation.
Mark Costa: Sure, the adhesive and plasticizer segment I would describe as stabilizing this year and along lines of what we expected. So on the adhesive side these talking seems to be over when we put it behind us last year and we’ve saw some reasonable improvement in demand in adhesives around packing, hygiene, in particular hygiene and that was a good source of strength for us in the demand improvement. I would also note though that last year was an easy comp where was a little bit of destocking in adhesives as the market loosened up and people are dumping safety stock in Q1, 2013. Overall demand came in nicely and we were also given an additional bump in demand because one of the key competitors in this market had several supply issues that drove some demand our way as well. But that continues to be solid strong growing market and we continue to expect to do so and look forward to that demand. On the pricing side with adhesives I’d say that the pricing discipline has stabilized for the first half of the year from what we can see rather than prices went up considerably and are staying relatively high which is the key alternative material to hydrocarbon resins, but we do expect some moderation rather than prices towards the back of the year because we can see people are climbing up the trees in China and up to mountain in China to tap the trees and expect a bit of a better raising crop this year and one of our competitors in hydrogen, hydrocarbon business is bringing some capacity online, we’ll be looking to fill that out in the back half of the year.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s helpful, thanks a lot.
Mark Costa: I just want to make sure that I answered your plasticizer question too Kevin which is demand there is improving and quite strong. We see an acceleration and substitution towards 168 non-phthalate plasticizers especially with prop 65 in California naming DIMP as a product of concern for health effects, we’re already seeing some strong moment there. So, the demand’s good there but we continue to face competitor challenges on pricing in plasticizers as a result of Asia Pacific demand being week and competitor from Asia looking to place material in Europe and North America.Kevin McCarthy – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks Mark.
Mark Costa: It's a sustainable change in our shifting to customer order pattern where we hope to be more in line with demand and production through the season which is predominately strong in second and third quarter. We had some customers who are loading up in the beginning of the year and then are buying much and we’re trying to smooth out the production patterns. So we expect that demand will be solid and on track for performance films for the year, it just as a slightly different shape and that will be the case in the future years.
Mark Costa: No, it’s not a buying pattern shift. This was more of a destocking issue. In Asia Pacific, we had a number of customers who had built more inventory than they needed through the end of last year and entire demand was not great over in Asia Pacific. And you have remembered that we’re highly leveraged commercial truck and tire demand as oppose to passenger tires. And we saw a lot of destocking, I think some of our – other suppliers to this industry, saw a similar kind of event in Asia Pacific. But demand has already started to improve pretty dramatically relative to where we were in January and February across all the regions. So we feel good about the year from the demand point of view.
Mark Costa: Frank, you heard correctly. The license was part of the $0.50 to $0.75 and the reason you had so much of range of $0.50 to $0.75 was some of the uncertainty we had around licensing on what would happen. So that would be pushing us towards the lower in to that. But I would also recognize Curtis tax department as delivering another solution related synergy on continuing to find ways to improve our taxes. And therefore earnings per share and I think as Curt noted we’re guiding 28 but we have good chance of improving that number and continuing to deliver better EPS growth through that synergy.
Mark Costa: I would say we feel good about Europe being solid. I wouldn’t describe it as a strong volume growth for us. I’m not sure which competitors were discussing strong Europe growth in which segments. What I can tell you is that we’re seeing good strong growth in automotive demand, related to our Saflex products we’re seeing good recovery and strength in the tire related demand and feel good about that. So it’s pretty much in line with our expectations.
Mark Costa: Yeah, well, we look that as ways to satisfy our business and I would say some of our demand for that Saflex probably is not as strong as we anticipated. So we really took these actions for twofold one is to respond to that expected demand, but also then to improve our costs support service.
Mark Costa: Sure. As I mentioned at the last call, given the volatility in propane and some of our other input costs, we modified our commodity hedging program to extent up to a potential two years rather in the past we can only look at six months as winter spike protection and ultimately our goals to remove volatility of costs. I would say we’re already actively executing out program and also we’re much further along this year then we were at this point last year. So the only thing that’s different year-over-year as I mentioned before we don’t have any hedges on emergence of ethylene sales, but I feel very good about our steps that we’re taking to protect some of our input costs over the next couple of years.John Roberts – UBS Investment Bank: Thanks.
Mark Costa: Sure. If you look at the other segment, that’s a reflection of both some of our corporate growth spending that’s not specific to any individual business, as well as some of our pension cost that are not allocated to a segment. When you look at the performance in the first quarter really couple of factors going on, one is there are some lower cost based on some of the actions we took last year, reducing some specific programs. We knew that some of those costs we’re going to go in to some other segments as we supported those growth efforts and that’s why being done so it might have reduced other segment, but it’s being felt in other areas of the businesses. And then some of our gross spending is probably off to a opt to a little slower start then we anticipated, but that’s good cost discipline and aligned with what we’re trying to achieve, but I would expect our corporate growth spending to increase during the course of the year, but when I look at all those pieces together or other segment for the year we’ll probably be more 55 million versus what I provided earlier in the year.
Mark Costa: I would say the changes that we’re making on the effective tax rate also impact our cash taxes. These are real savings both in 2014 and going forward. So the things we’re putting in place are things that will help Eastman for many years to come. The cash tax rate that is more – the change would be more in line with the change in the effective tax rates. So if you go down to 29% to 28% rate, you’ll improve cash taxes by that same percentage point. And then as we improve it further and I’m confident we’ll improve it just the order of magnitude, that will have the same impact on cash. The main factor going on right this year on cash taxes continues to the NOL that we’re utilizing from the Solutia integration and that will continue this year and next year.
Mark Costa: $0.30 to $0.40 that we talked about, we said predominantly was going to be in the first half of the year and that’s what we’re experiencing, Jeff.
Mark Costa: We’re going to see a fair bit in the first half and it’s probably a weighted a little bit more towards first quarter than second quarter.
Mark Costa: On the propane to propylene side of the equation, we actually feel quite good about how we’ve managed the pressures in the first quarter and what we expect in the second quarter. Obviously there’s some pressure there, but propylene prices have been a little bit higher than last year giving us the ability to price in the marketplace and on the commodity side in particular, I think we’ve done a good job of holding on to our pricing and doing well there. So that part feels good. The real challenge we face is more on the propane to ethylene side as I noted in the last call where ethylene prices are obviously – considerably lower than what we would have expected at the Investor Day in 2012, for example and so the pressure is more on the bulk olefins and some of the ethylene special derivatives.
Mark Costa: Yeah, the drop was primarily driven by the propane compression on ethylene and propylene related products. But specialty fluids was a contributor, a meaningful contributor as well. That’s really just the chunkiness of demand patterns in specialty fluids. So the fields were just weren’t as strong – in particular, solar fields can be quite large and cost a chunkiness nature across quarters. So it was soft in the first quarter. We actually expect it to be strong in the second quarter and balance itself out. I would note that this brings up a broader topic that it means that this year because of some of these propane related things, we’re going to have a bit of a stronger second half than normal from an earnings point of view and softer first half. You can see it just by the cost loads there is and some of the ways demand patterns are picking up. And it’s just important to keep in mind as you’re thinking about your models.
Mark Costa: Just one other point which is the cost associated with the Longview outage which was about $8 million in the quarter. A good portion of that was in the specialty fluids in the intermediate segment as well.
Mark Costa: It was a great start to the year. You know, it was little masked by the performance comes over the patterned shift. But we feel great about the momentum in that segment for this year. The demand recovery and the automotive first sectors is driving good demand not just for the premium products, but for the standard products as well. And we certainly continue to see very robust demand for Tritan and our co-polyesters, so that part is going great, we’re rushing to do our debottleneck expansion on Tritan to enable that growth which will be key contributor to 2015 earnings growth so we bring that additional capacity online to grow in especially plastics group. We also have some new product launches and they are doing well, we’ll tell you more about later in the year that are getting us into some new products and markets in especially plastics and the electronics market.Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks.
Mark Costa: Overall I feel good about the momentum, I think that as you look to 2015 in earnings growth for advance materials I think it’s well position to have another strong earnings growth in 15 over 14.Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  And what I could Mick on top of that is if you remember our guidance back at the Investor Day that was built around three elements strong growth that Mark talked about with the product lines, levering the asset investments that we’ve made in the improved product mix all those things are on target. I would remind you though that the two areas that may be are little softer than what we thought back in Investor Day is one is just what is the level of auto and interlayer growth in Europe. And then secondly with the electronics business or display business is probably not as strong as we are visioning back there. So great fundamentals overall but those are the two areas of weak that’s compared to what we were assumed back in Investor Day. And speaking on Investor Day just going back to one of the question PJ had, there is a slide we provide at the Investor Day that gave some – shows you some of the benefits we’re expecting from the improvements we’ve made in olefins from our cracker – some of our cracker expansions, the propylene contracts we have as well as what we expected the PDH unit benefit to be at 15 then the assumption at that time was a mid-year benefit, and the 15 – it was by the $10 million benefit going from 14 to 15 was our rough estimate of the benefit of that enterprise contract.Mike Sison – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Mark Costa: We continue to view the overall global tire market holding around the 5% long-term growth rate and we don’t think it’s going on right now and China indicates that there are some sort of structural changes in the need for tires in the future. I think that globally there is a question about changing consumer driving patters and all of that that feed into the long-term growth rate but we’re seeing and say that we’re concerned about demand. We’d also note that when we build the Canton plant it is an extremely attractive plant and how we can leverage the existing fixed cost at our Canton sites since we’re just adding another unit next to an existing one which gives us great flexibility going forward in the future to both support growth at the markets growing or if necessary if demand is not as strong as we would all like we’ve got the flexibility to rationalize some of our smaller plant and improve our overall fixed cost structure across the globe. So it's a good investment no matter what scenario of the world you look at.
Mark Costa: Well I think on the pricing side, I think while we tend to have is good conversations with their customers around what's the quality of our product and their ultimate demands as well as the change in input cost. So I think it’s usually good transparency with both parties and pricing will be indicative of raw material inputs and just how the overall market is.
Mark Costa: I’ll get to the second question in a second, but could you repeat the first question, it was a little for some reason it was gobble that I couldn’t hear it.
Mark Costa: Sure, on the first question around fiber demand, we certainly see a slowdown in fiber demand growth, we’re not looking at the overall market in decline for 2014 relative to ’13, but if it's at the lower end of the growth rate we would’ve expected, it's not hard to imagine why that’s happening with all the drivers out there from taxes to smoking concerns and to a minor extend e-cigarettes. So that’s consistent with how we think about and view the market, but I would say it's growing slower than it did if you look at past average primer growth rates over the last five years. In regards to 2015, as we look at that year and the challenges in general I’d say we feel very good about the things that you noted, but the biggest challenge that’s out there especially if people are asking their dollar share question is the global economic growth that Curt noted, propane prices are moving in ways that we expected from a propylene point of view as we discussed in last call we certainly face some compression on propylene, ethylene related products versus our original assumptions. So that’s a bit of a headwind in 15 but it in the year-over-year headwind I think we – from 14 to 15 point of view that impact is already being felt in 14 and I don’t expect a big year-over-year problem in 15 in fact I think we’ve done a better job of hedging in the next year to mitigate some of that cost pressure we felt on 13 to 14 basis. So I think we’re actually well positioned on the propane topic. This is more of a general economic question and then you always have that question around competitive behavior, the biggest impact we’ve had if you look at our 2012 Investor Day expectations with the drop in adhesives and plasticizer earnings relative to where were and we don’t see that recovering back to high levels. I think it stabilized and I think our ability to improve from where it has, but certainly not going to jump back where it was.
Mark Costa: It's important to know the strength of our cash flows. So it gives us a lot of options. As you’ve already seen, we demonstrated the willingness to continue doing acquisitions that are accretive and have good finishing with the company and willing to repurchase shares and we’ve got a great organic portfolios, so we continue to feel very good about delivering consistent strong earnings growth as we go forward.
Mark Costa: Well David I appreciate your effort to try and give me to move to the upper end of the range in fibers, we have a range out there because there is some uncertainty about demand and so as we look at Q1 we don’t think that’s representative of the future. We certainly can see that the buying pattern shifting back to what we’d actually call normal buying patterns. Last couple of years demand was so tight, people are buying a lot more in first quarter just to make sure they got product, in this year we see a more typical buying patter and develop where our first quarter was little bit softer than you’d like and second will be stronger. And so we don’t have any concerns we think demand will continue to develop us as we expected for the year, but certainly it's at a more moderate growth rate than what we saw in the past couple of years.
Mark Costa: I was referring to earrings. So while we certainly would have preferred some revenue growth in the first quarter than what we saw, we see strong improvement in revenue growth already in the beginning of the second quarter and expect that to deliver a good revenue, sequential improvement in the second quarter and of course continuing out into the third and fourth. So it’s really an earnings comment as the propane cost are primarily driven by the high propane prices in the winter of the first quarter, but of course a lot of still have to flow through into the second quarter and that creates some earnings headwinds. And we have some additional growth investments like the tires growth investment ramping up in the second quarter that wasn’t in the first. So there is a few things that are creating some cost dynamics relative to revenue in the second quarter, but those are expected to abate by the end of the second quarter as well as the Texas outage I should know that would allow earnings to be better than what is a typical first half, second half seasonal or patterned earnings raising.
Mark Costa: Bill, we’re not giving quarterly EPS or EBIT targets today, that’s not what we’re doing. So you are getting a directional guidance, but we’re not going quite that specific.
Curtis Espeland: I want to remind you Frank all those factors that some of the improvement that are specific Eastman actions like our expansion of Tritan in the a second half for the year. So we feel good about what’s in $0.50 to $0.75 as it relates to things we control other than the licensing which we’re at to some extent we have to work with our license fees. But it’s really baked in well to our overall guidance for the year.Frank Mitsch – Wells Fargo Securities: All right, so that probably makes $8 a little bit easier for 2015. Thank you so much.
Curtis Espeland: This is Curt. So if you look at total volumes, again they’re lower due to customer buying patterns again not unusual for this industry. But again, additionally industry is absorbing some additional capacity primarily at our 30,000 ton plant with the joint venture with the CNTC. So you can think of that 30,000 tons as the volume and revenue from that is being – we don’t see that in our segment results. That’s really going through our other income line for our 45% interest. But as expected, the volume loss that the industry is absorbing and we’ve included our percentage of that industry absorption is resulting other tow lines but it’s been offset by the acetate flake volumes that we’re selling to the Joint Venture. So that’s kind of the trade-off you’re seeing in that. But again, fibers is delivering some pretty good earnings even with some of that shift from, you know direct sales versus due to joint venture delivering that $500 million to $520 million plus some of the benefits we’ll see from that joint venture in the other income line.
Curtis Espeland: And if I could Mark, if I look at overall cost increases from raw materials year over year it’s roughly about $40 million. That’s many times what Jeff will as in some of our calls. And of that $40 million, it’s predominantly propane and natural gas. So Josh, remind me the percentage of the segment – of that propane headwind.
Curtis Espeland: Okay. So yeah, we’re looking forward to that unit coming on and our participation with it. When we announced that opportunity, we also discussed a long term supply agreement we are already feeling the benefits of that. And I would say once we bring the PDH unit, there will be at a slight improvement over where we are today.
Josh Morgan: Sure. This is Josh, John. So the size of this we’re talking about around 700 million pounds of excess ethylene that we sell to the market every year.
Josh Morgan: I just add, it’s important to keep Curtis’ comment about some of those resource is being deployed to other segment which matched a bit of the earnings growth that’s going on in some this other segment as we’re wrapping up and working on some critical growth programs for the future of the company especially AFP and AM. So just, it’s important to keep that in mind as you’re looking at the year-over-year comps.
Josh Morgan: Okay, so for propane just the pure cost is that the majority we’re seeing this quarter is going to go as five, but it’s also shared between [indiscernible].
Curt Espeland: One other thing I might add with this to, what I like about Eastman today may be when much you saw about Eastman ten years ago, the men and women at Eastman are focused on year-over-year earnings growth. So the specific actions we take, we know sometimes we’ll have benefits in one year while they’re continuing benefits into the other year. So we know some of that $0.50 to $0.75 benefit that we’re expecting in ’14, will have a benefit on a full year basis next year an example again is that Tritan expansion where we are to bottleneck in 25% of our capacity there. So we are focused on everything we can control to deliver that year-over-year earnings growth ‘14, ‘15, and beyond.
Curt Espeland: Yeah, I mean as you know you look at the share repurchases as one of the mechanisms to deploy cash. I mean, our priorities for cash remain capital expenditures to support our organic growth, attractive mergers and acquisition and share repurchases as just again a good valuable use of cash. We’ve still have $900 million remaining on our authorization that our board was going up to provide us given the confidence in our financial positions and cash flows. But it will moderate, but having said that, we’re in the market today and we’ll be in the market throughout the year just not at that same pace of the first quarter and probably at a pace that’s more similar to what you’ve seen from us in the past.
Curt Espeland: And if I may also, the eastern specific actions are weighted more towards latter part of the year than the first part.
Curt Espeland: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Well, replay and a replay and downloadable MP3 format will be available on our website beginning in approximately 11 AM. Have a great day.
