William Demchak: You should think of it as a one-off. I mean, you never say never and I don't know what the future holds, but practically at this point, we don't have to do any restructuring on anything to hit that stated goal of the 2025 record NII.
William Demchak: Yes. Sure, Betsy. I would say the short answer to that is, stable to down is our expectation with an emphasis on stable. Things have really stabilized year-over-year as you know. So our expectation is, some downward drift but not anywhere near the level that we've seen in the last couple of years.
William Demchak: I think that's an important point. That's the big difference in this quarter. We changed our guidance for average loans to be up 1% or approximately 1% for the year, John. As you can see now, down less than 1%. We don't control that. There's a basis for some loan growth in the second half of the year. But the important point is, we've taken it out of our guidance and our NII improved to the better end of the previous guidance, not just due to the securities restructuring, but also the positive deposit dynamics and so forth.
William Demchak: Yes, I think, John, just on buybacks, I mean, at some point, I got to believe loan growth comes back. But to the extent it doesn't, we're generating a lot of capital, obviously, in excess of our dividend. And we'll face that question. If we're not using that capital for loan growth, should we accelerate deployment and buybacks? We're not there yet, but that happens down the road if loan growth doesn't materialize because we're generating a lot of capital.
William Demchak: Probably 50 basis points ago. One of the issues, of course, when everybody talks about fixed rate asset repricing is, what is it repriced to? And of course, therefore, we are exposed to whatever that five-year rate is, a year and two out. And those forward starting swaps simply with a very opportunistic point locked in materially higher rates than where we are today. To Rob's point, that just locks in the certainty of what we'll be able to produce on a go-forward basis.
William Demchak: Yes, I mean, basically we want to have our fair share of consumer lending products with the clients we serve in our traditional DDA and other products. And we don't today. We're there on home equity. We're probably close in mortgage. We're under-prevented in auto and in card and in card in particular, we just haven't had good offerings. We've had stale technology, we've had slow -- we need to improve and it's an opportunity for us.
William Demchak: Yes. So, when we take a look at our total reserves and our total portfolio, CRE office aside, things are pretty stable. Maybe on quarter-to-quarter basis, consumers are a little bit better, commercial non-CRE is a little bit worse, but not bad. So, definitely some more movements, some downgrades reflecting the higher rates, slower economic activity in our commercial book, but no patterns or any themes to point out.
William Demchak: Sure. We are largely indifferent. I mean, at the very, very margin, we benefit on the Fed cut rates from a floating rate standpoint. Of course, we're exposed to the steepness of the curve because that plays in the how we reprice maturing fixed rate assets and that's a variable. It's a variable for us. It's variable for everybody. It's one of the reasons we lock some of it in. My own belief in our positioning is such that even though we would expect the Fed to cut here. I think in the end, somewhat sticky inflation, the fact that deficits matter, it's going to cause the curve to steepen out. So we locked some of it in. I don't feel terribly worried about the need to lock the rest of it in. I just think we're in a good place. We're going to do fine.
William Demchak: I mean, just quickly, the movement from -- particularly in office CRE, right, from criticized to nonperforming-related reserving and charge-offs is all going as we've expected. That's the natural progression of that cycle, nothing's changed. We're not surprised by anything. We're reserved for it. Credit quality of corporate America as it relates to at what point do the people who have locked in fixed rates and loan rates start to have to pay more. Ultimately, at the margin is going to impact the way we rate somebody. I think about multifamily is an example where higher rates have hurt coverage ratios. It's not going to cause losses, but it's caused us to downgrade that asset class simply because the excess isn't there. I think it will flow through to corporate America over a period of time as well. But I'm not particularly worried about it.
William Demchak: I don't think FedNow has any impact on PNC. To be honest with you, we've been active with real-time payments in the Clearing House and the use cases, all the ones you can think about from insurers who want to pay real-time claims in a disaster through to certain payroll capabilities through to Zelle, for example. And FedNow doesn't add or subtract anything to that opportunity. The challenge you have with real-time payments, both at the Clearing House and FedNow at the Fed is they are not networks, they are a rail to move money. And the distinction between that is a network has very clear rules on who's responsible for items that don't transmit the right way, who's responsible for fraud, who's responsible for returns on and on and on. And neither of those two networks purposely were built -- or sorry, neither of those two payment rails purposely were built to [indiscernible] moving money, which is very different. So I don't think long term, it has much of an impact, to be honest with you.
William Demchak: I think you're trying to read into this too hard. Look, we're basically on H8, maybe a little soft on consumer because our card book didn't grow. When C&I comes back, traditionally, we'll do better. We've been actually adding DHE. They're just not drawing and we're winning clients. All we did, Mike, was this whole notion of if we're giving guidance on the expectation and some crystal ball that says there's going to be loan growth when thus far, we don't see evidence of it, we just took it out. If it shows up, then it's additive to everything we do. And we certainly aren't underperforming. We're winning clients at a pace that we never have. So it's literally this notion of when do they draw on lines and we just put -- we got tired of talking about it. When they do it, we'll benefit, and it will add to all of those numbers that you're looking at.
William Demchak: We've grown exposures, and we've won clients at a pace well beyond, particularly in the new markets, but overall, well beyond what we've managed to do historically. We ought to and we will produce some of those metrics for you.
William Demchak: You're trying to isolate us, and we're not isolated. I would happily tell you loan growth is going to be 2%, which is what all our peers are going to say. And if they hit 2% -- if we hit 2% -- sorry, if they hit 2%, then we'll hit 2%.
William Demchak: Yes. It's I just -- I don't see anything suggesting that's going to happen. So maybe -- I mean, what would you rather have us do here put in our forecast a -- we hope this happens number or just give you numbers that we know are going to happen.
William Demchak: Yes. I think I've spent a lot of time pondering this, Mike. I don't -- look, at the margin, it's going to be that the cost of holding inventory, right? Just the cost of that drawn revolver is big time on the radar of corporates who are managing their own profitability. If you can run the lower inventory, your interest rates go way down when Fed funds is 5.25%. So I think that's part of it. And I think this whole uncertainty as we come up into the election on what's it going to look like from a regulatory basis, what am I allowed to invest in, am I going to get it approved? All of that, there's a lot of pent-up energy behind that, and we'll see. But I don't know. And it literally was this thing of rather than keep guessing and wishing, if it happens, it's a great outcome. But we don't need to rely on it.
William Demchak: Yes, we're not going to acquire portfolios. The product that we have historically offered our existing clients and the service levels, websites, processing that went along with it were less than what we aspire to. We have an ability to get higher penetration with our existing clients, offer them better products, have better technology. Historically, we prioritized tech investments inside of our core retail space. So think online, mobile, real time. And we just haven't put the same energy, although about a year ago we started to, into what we do in credit card. Some of that is service technology, ease for customers, application, all of that stuff. Some of it is just getting better at approvals. And we're not going to change our credit box, but we're missing a lot of clients who are in that credit box, because we make it too hard for them.
William Demchak: What happens with the back half? So the 50% that we did not have the ability to monetize. Well, Visa controls that schedule. Some of it's reliant on the litigation resolution and some of it's reliant on the schedule they've laid out, which is sort of a multi-year exchange. So we'll just continue to monitor it.
William Demchak: Yeah. I went through forecasts on sort of expectations on maturity bubbles and property types. We don't expect that balance -- it's not going to grow at the pace that intuitively you might have thought of.
William Demchak: Yeah, because things are getting cured, they're getting sold off pretty quickly. There's -- for things that are really bad, there's still a lot of capital in the market. So they're turning it faster than perhaps we would have thought.
William Demchak: It's interesting. It's all of the above for all of the historical reasons. So there's still a little retail, there's hotels that will show up in there, there's multi-family that is in the multi-family that went to Freddie Fannie and then increasingly its office and the bubble down the road looks more like office.
William Demchak: I mean, we're completely through it every quarter. I mean, a couple of things. I don't know we put this out there, but there's actually not that many loans. So we don't have thousands of small loans. These are typically larger loans. And so, we've gone asset by asset. And as anything gets close to being troubled, we look at two different appraisals, one of which is our own self-generated, using more extreme negative assumptions than what you might get from a commercial appraiser. We use higher vacancy rates, higher interest rates, longer time to lease up, higher cost to rehab, all that other stuff in our evaluation. So we go through this. We know all the properties. We keep looking at them. We know what's going to happen to them. We know the timelines. Look, it's not a great outcome, but there's nothing in there that I think is going to surprise us.
William Demchak: It's not -- it's property by property, right? You could be in a lousy city, but be in the right place and do fine. So, I just don't know that it matters.
Robert Reilly: It wasn't -- If you backed out the restructuring, the guide would still be higher. And we did that while muting our loan growth assumption. And we did that because we kind of just got tired of saying that, hey, loan growth is going to come at some point. So we took it out of the forecast. If it shows up, we will benefit like everybody else.
Robert Reilly: Yes. I mean, right now we're on pace and we continue to -- we expect to continue the pace that we've been on for the first couple of quarters. And as you know, the new rules are still in flux, so there's not finalization there. And then beyond that, I think, a driver will be what happens with loan growth, which would be a factor in terms of that being our highest and best use of our capital. But that'll be a factor in terms of deciding on buybacks. But the important part is that we are buying back shares.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. Our plan -- so Slide 9 is a good slide and that clearly shows a decline in the increase of the rate paid. The short answer to one of your questions there is, we do expect the rates [indiscernible] drift up a little bit, but in contrast it's more like a handful of basis points versus the contrast to the previous quarters where you see 60 or 50 and even 30 in recent quarters. So it's slowed down considerably. That's our expectation in the short-term, Erika. When we get into rate cuts, we'll see -- we'll be able to move pretty quickly on the high rates paid on commercial and [indiscernible]. But we still do have these interest-bearing consumer deposits that are below market that will grind higher. So that's something that we've talked about before and just something that we'll need to keep our eye on.
Robert Reilly: Well, my answer to that would not necessarily be the magnitude, but the certainty. So essentially what we've done is locked in some of the swoosh.
Robert Reilly: Yes, it's mostly a refinement, Scott. So, for the full year guide around the fees, we lowered our expectations of increase, as you know, from up 4% to 6% to up 3% to 5%. So still up and a small shift. Most of that coming from continued softness in mortgage, which we expect to be on the -- continue in the balance half or second half of the year, a little bit less than what we were expecting. To a lesser extent tied to the reduced loan guidance, we do have loan-related fees within our capital market segment, think loan syndication. So generally speaking, if there's fewer loans, there'll be fewer loan syndication fees. So that's just a direct correlation there to that guide. And again, we could see loan growth, and if that's the case, then those fees would come back. But that's the general thinking, everything else on schedule, so to speak.
Robert Reilly: Sure. So, we don't necessarily provide NIM guidance, because it's more an outcome than anything. But to answer your question, we've operated in, call it a normal environment at a 3% NIM margin. So if we definitely expect to go up into 2025, if we approach those levels, it won't be like we haven't been there before. So it's reasonable.
Robert Reilly: And I'll just add that our reserves are adequate. The increase in the non-CRE NPLs in commercial really was one single large credit that is in our business credit fully secured. So...
Robert Reilly: Well, Ken, we're going to refrain from 2026 guidance on the call here today. But it will continue to increase, but the real change in the dynamic occurs obviously in the first and second quarter of 2025 and then grows from there.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure, sure. No, we've outperformed on the first half, no doubt about it, and we feel great about that, and that's one of the reasons why we increased our CIP goal and also increased our guidance for the full year expenses. In the third quarter, it doesn't all happen uniformly. In the third quarter, we do have some investments coming online, technology investments coming online that bring some depreciation expense. We've got an additional day, those sorts of things. So it's all part of the plan. It's just expenses don't fall uniformly throughout the year.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So just to keep with your jeopardy approach there, the question would be what loan growth going to be in the second half. So it did come down.
Robert Reilly: Yes. No, that's all good. And just to add to that, Mike, CapEx sales, as we said in our opening comments, CapEx sales ratios are low, inventory levels are low. So there's just -- there's a lot of pointing to loan growth. It's just we don't control it.
Robert Reilly: Yes, in simple terms, we're just under-penetrated relative to industry averages. Nothing hugely aspirational other than just to have our fair share.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, that's a good question, Gerard. Ironically, their special servicing balance has actually went down in the quarter, which is a little bit of a head scratcher. We don't think that's necessarily indicative of a trend. We do expect it to continue to go up. But from the start, and I think you've asked this question before, it's been much, much slower in terms of those increases, those balances than you would have expected.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Thanks a lot. Good morning. You guys gave us a great table last December with the repricing of fixed assets through 2025. And I'm just wondering, how much carry forward will there also be through 2026? Should we think about that kind of ratably? Obviously, it's been six months since you gave us that slide, but just wondering just how that rolls as we look further ahead. Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Understood. And then on the expenses, so you guys have been doing a great job holding the line. And I just wanted to ask like it looks like there's a pretty decent ramp baked into the second half on expenses. And I'm just wondering like what influences that? Because it seems like expenses will be growing faster than revenues in the second half. So -- or certainly faster than fees. So can you just walk through, is that conservatism? Is there some catch-up on investments that you're making? Any context on that? Thanks, Rob.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Got it. And then, obviously, as that plays forward and if NII is better next year, you can also afford more cost growth, but we'll hear about that later.
Mike Mayo: Hi. Similar to some of the others, maybe this is like the game of jeopardy. I think the answer is, you have continued improvement program with expense savings going from $425 million up to $450 million. You have securities repositioning that's giving you a boost to NII for the rest of this year, and you have fixed asset repricing that helps your securities yield go up by 400 basis points. Your forward payment swaps go up by 180 basis points and a little bit some other things. So the answer is, all those things are going in the right direction, yet you still have a guide for negative operating leverage for this year. I guess, what is the question? Or why is that? Or you can't eke it out or...
Mike Mayo: And any meat on those bones about customer acquisition? You did mention 51% loan utilization. That seems a pretty low level versus 53% a year ago and 55% historical. So I guess, that would back up what you're saying, but how much are you growing loans? You expanded to so many MSAs and implemented teams and did all that stuff that helps sometimes and other times it doesn't help as much.
Mike Mayo: And just last follow-up on that because, Bill, you've been around for a while and Rob, the disconnect between what we're hearing and seeing in the capital markets and that activity picking up versus the still subdued loan growth as you say, CapEx and inventory are lower. It just seems CEO confidence is up, people ready to do all sorts of things, yet when the rubber meets the road with you guys, you're just not seeing it that much.
Mike Mayo: No, I understand. Underpromise, never deliver, it's what you try to do. It's just -- in the past, you said at this stage of the cycle, and historically, you've seen loan growth come back. So it sounds like this cycle might be -- it might be a little bit different, it might not be.
