Rob Reilly: Sure. Why don't I take the second one first in terms of the mix. Consistent with our expectations in a rising rate environment, we expect the mix to go more into interest-bearing, and we're seeing that. But it's right on track. No big surprise there. We're right now at 29% non-interest-bearing. I'd imagine that over the course of '23, will go down a bit our previous low in previous cycles was around 25%. So I think that's a good way to sort of think about it. In terms of the betas, you're right. We finished the year right on top of where we expected. As you know, betas lagged past historical increases for most of '22 for us and for the industry. And going forward, we expect maybe that lag to sort of compress a bit, and we'll start tracking to historical rises, but nothing particularly unusual. And of course, we don't control that that will be an outcome.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And that gets, of course, to our guidance for the full year in terms of NII. So the upside would be, to Bill's point that loan spreads would widen as they should, if we get into the economy that everybody is prepared for.
Rob Reilly: Well, sure. Let me -- I'll try to cover some of that, and then we can follow that up. I mean, definitely, we're positioned to benefit from the two rate hikes that we expect 25 basis points each in February and March. We do have a 25 basis point cut in December, but that won't play largely in the '23 performance. So, we're positioned well against that, and we'll grow our NII. We're pointing to between 10% and 13% in terms of that range year-over-year. I will say, when we jumped into this right away, forecasting for a full year in terms of guidance is always difficult. This year, in particular, it's more difficult than most. You've heard that sentiment from some of our peers that have already reported. Really difficult because of all the uncertainties that we all know about. So we put out what we think we can achieve. That's -- Bill and I talked a little bit about maybe some upside to that in terms of loan spreads. But everything that we know now with all the uncertainties, that's where we're positioned. No big change in terms of our rate management in terms of the swaps we've disclosed at around $40 billion or so. But of course, that's all part of how we manage the balance between our fixed and variable.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes. Sure, John. So just in terms of the categories where we expect to see growth capital markets, we do expect mid-single-digit growth, which is good and consistent with our expectations. Our steady Eddie, card and cash management will probably be up high single digits and then those two will be offset by continuing headwinds in our asset management, given the equity markets as well as lower mortgage production. So, you put all that together, and that's how we get into our stable to up 1% for the full year.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Gerard and just to finish up on that on the credit spot, to your point, in the supplement, the non-performers, but also you take a look at our NPAs and our delinquencies, which are down. So the leading indicators are still very strong. Yes, on the share repurchases, a couple of things. One is we are going to continue our share repurchase program into '23. Secondly, it will be at a reduced rate relative to what we did in 2022 and likely to be less than what we did in the fourth quarter of '22, which was $600 million. A couple of things about that, one is, why lower? One is, given all the uncertainties that we're seeing, obviously, we need to be smart and tactical in terms of our capital deployment as the year plays out. But secondly, and just logically, the rate of repurchases slows when your capital ratios go from 10% to 9%. So, we still have a lot of capital flexibility. But by definition, as we get closer to those operating guidelines, we slow the pace of repurchases. All that said, there's flexibility, as you know. So, with the stress capital buffer, we're allowed a lot of flexibility around it. And we plan to use that flexibility as circumstances present themselves.
Rob Reilly: I have to write all that down in terms of your assumptions there. The -- I would say in terms of NIM -- obviously, we get that question a lot. It's obviously an outcome. So we don't guide to it. We don't necessarily manage to it. I think when you just take a step back, you can see that we finished the quarter and finished the year at 292 -- 2.92%. That's up from all of '21 where we lived at 2.27%. So that a 65 basis point jump or so, that's occurred. We don't expect those kinds of swings going forward. So going forward, we're now probably more like 5 or 6 basis point swings off of these levels. And that's sort of the way that I think about it.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think that's right. And in regard to the mix between non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing so far, the shift that has occurred is perfectly consistent with what we've seen historically and consistent with our expectations.
Rob Reilly: Sure. I can start there. So in regard to the fourth quarter expenses, the biggest driver of the increase was personnel expense. And to your point, inside of that, the variable comp associated with the higher business activity. In addition to that, we did have some medical expenses that we expect seasonally, but they came in a little bit higher than what we would have expected. Outside of that...
Rob Reilly: The deductibles. Yes, the deductibles and then like the Company takes over after that. So -- and that happens, that happens seasonally this season, it was a little bit higher than what we expected. Outside of that, when you look at the marketing spend, that's sort of timing in terms of how that falls in the year, but the impairments that we took on various investments and assets, which is part of your question. There wasn't anything singular that would stand out. It was a.
Rob Reilly: Well, that was part of it. That was part of it. So maybe Bill wants to answer these questions. But I would say there wasn't anything single. There's a handful of items that we took down in technology, and that shows up in our equipment expense in occupancy, with or were some facilities that we right-sized for our space needs going forward, that kind of thing. So, on the margin…
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. And then on the margin, the -- I'm sorry, just going into -- Bill's giving me another question, but I'd say on the margin going into '23, those impairments reduced some of our expense rates, so that sort of helped. So our guide is 2% to 4% in all of '23. That's how that all stays connected.
Rob Reilly: And that's why -- and I said in my opening comments, we point to strong positive operating leverage in '23.
Rob Reilly: Well, so a couple of things on that. I would say in terms of the RWA increase, it's entirely loan driven. So, we've had a lot of loan growth in '22, a lot in the fourth quarter with that 3% growth in average loans. So that's the key driver of the RWA increase. Our CET ratio is at 9.1%. We've talked about an operating guideline of between 8.5% and 9%. So, we're still above our operating guidelines and that's a good place to be.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I'd just add to that, that's -- we see it on our path. It's not particularly problematic, but there's a lot to be played out. We still don't think it's necessary and there's also a reasonable chance there'd be some tailoring to it, which would be reduced in our case.
Rob Reilly: Well, it's just to your point in terms of what I said at the beginning, it's really difficult for the full year, particularly this year. We've put together what we think we can do.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Without -- we don't have specific numbers. You can see them as they break down in terms of our impairments within the occupancy line and the equipment line. The long term it was just the effect of a benefit in the third quarter and then it swung against us in the fourth quarter. So not big numbers, but just the delta between the two quarters drove the increase.
Rob Reilly: Do you want to answer? Well, the only thing -- the only -- the only thoughts that I have just reacting is the guidelines are typically drawn for all banks in terms of the stress capital buffer. So how they stress -- you got to look at that. And then, it's the relative capital level to the stress levels as opposed to the absolute levels. But that's just my reaction.
Bill Demchak: John, if you're trying to dig into -- I made a comment at Goldman that we thought our NII might track to an annualized fourth quarter and in our guide, we look a little light to that. All of that pressure. It's not coming from funding. It's coming from the spread on loans. So, we're -- we've been surprised, I've been surprised. We just haven't seen spreads widen in corporate credit. So, I guess what I would say to you is -- there's this disconnect that something is going to give. Either corporate spreads are going to widen or our current scenario that we have forecasted for CECL is wrong. So right now, we basically guide against kind of where spreads are. Maybe we get some widening and we put in this mild recession in CECL. So, we have a little bit of disconnect in the numbers, but they are what they are.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, none of the change in kind of thought on NII is driven by any change in our assumption on betas or deposit growth. We had pretty healthy deposits this quarter. We think continue that. It's all on this. We have an ability, particularly in the new markets to grab a whole bunch of new clients, make new loans that are good credit loans, kind of invest into this as we've done in our new markets for years, invest into client growth. The problem is the return right now struggles because we haven't seen spreads gap the way we've seen in the public markets, the way we might expect given the economy, we're kind of forecasting.
Bill Demchak: Can jump in here, right? That one credit has been staring us in the face for a while. We've been working on it. It's a credit that both BBVA and PNC we're in. So it shows up as outsized. We had big reserves against it. As you've seen in our non-performers and our delinquencies there is going down. This is kind of I don't know what you call this something going through a snake, but we've been staring at it and we charged it off and that's showing the elevation this quarter, but I wouldn't read into that.
Bill Demchak: The simplest way to think about that, John, is we -- through the course of the year, the DV01 or the sensitivity we have for our long positions as if anything, decreased. So think about that in terms of both the securities book and the swap book. So we remain largely asset-sensitive, happy with that position. I mean that over time, changes with the mix of swaps and securities. The swaps themselves it's kind of irrelevant to look at them separately, but they're very short, and they roll off in big bulk -- a couple of years.
Bill Demchak: I'm not sure what's going on, to be honest with you. I mean there's -- on the smaller end in certain retail categories, which really isn't our focus. There's -- there's just irrational competition in certain asset categories. In the larger corporate space, where we have this opportunity to grow clients, particularly in the new market and ultimately cross-sell, there just hasn't been any sort of gap the way you've seen in the public markets, there hasn't been any real change. Spreads aren't going down, but there hasn't been any change at all with respect to kind of the outlook in this economy. And until -- and if there's real defaults and charge-offs, there probably won't be. So one of these things is going to give, I just don't know which one it is.
Bill Demchak: I mean, look, we're in a bit of an unknown environment. We have the Fed going through QT. We have the Fed absorbing deposits through their reverse repo facility. We have, at least in our case, the ability to grow loans. So you could see a scenario where deposits get scarce. We've priced some of that that's in our forward guide in terms of our best look on that, you can draw upside and downside to that kind of to Rob's point, this coming year and the years after that are -- are harder to forecast and model than some of the stability we had pre-COVID. So, we're doing our best, and you've seen our best expectations.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So a lot of moving pieces here, but start with the basic notion that we are fully reserved for the book that we hold today against a forecast that we just -- we more heavily weighted the recessionary forecast than we had in the third quarter. And remember, the charge-offs that we took this quarter particularly the lumpier ones, we mentioned one. Those were in a large way already reserved. So our build, right, is actually more than you think. The ratio ends up the same, but we have kind of less -- we have lower non-performers inside of that total book as a percentage, maybe think of it that way. In terms of coming to that 17, and then I'd also just to remind you of our -- wherever we sit today at 17 both first day CECL to now or what we have now relative to others against the composition of our loan book. We've been at this in a fairly -- we think correctly, but nonetheless conservative process approach using CECL.
Bill Demchak: But it's kind of frustrating because none of the stuff in our expense line in the fourth quarter has anything to do with how we spend money. I mean the comp with new business is great. Everything else was kind of we flushed a couple tech projects that didn't work out. We right-sized occupancy, marketing went up a little bit. And then we get hit this quarter on charge-offs, which are -- I'm not going to call them artificially high. They are what they are, but they're kind of lumpy as a function of something that we've been staring at for a while that finally hits the books.
Bill Demchak: I mean a lot of people talking about this, not a lot happening around it. Where it to happen, by the way, we disagree with it, but let's walk down the path and say somehow down the road people suggest that this should happen and there'd be a phase-in period. Practically, as we look at the growth opportunity in our company new clients loan growth against what it is likely to be a constrained ability to grow total deposits, right? You're going to see our wholesale borrowings increase. And in the course of our wholesale borrowings increase in the ordinary course of business, we're going to fulfill all our parts of that TLAC requirement. All of that is in the numbers we're talking to you about -- it'll take more than next year. But in the way we think about.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So -- and the simplest way to think about that maybe is our wholesale debt historically ran. I don't know, in the mid...
Bill Demchak: Yes, mid-teens, I was going to say, and we're running 5%. So if we normalize that's what home loan in there. As we normalize our borrowings through time, it's likely we're going to get -- and fulfill that requirement without purposely trying to do it. Just because that's the way we and other people will be funding institutions.
Bill Demchak: Look, you wouldn't purposely borrow wholesale and then invest in a security to hold in your securities book. However, inside of all the requirements that we manage ourselves to, we also have liquidity requirements, LCR and the need to hold high-quality liquid assets. So, the securities book will likely fade in terms of total percentage over time simply because of loan growth that we see in some of the roll down. That securities book is part of what we have in terms of cash and liquidity to satisfy LCR. So it's -- we're not going to say, "Hey, let's borrow some money to buy more treasuries," right? That isn't going to happen. But practically, we use that book to hedge the value of our deposits. We'll continue to do that, and we'll continue to do that inside of the lens of LCR and other liquidity stresses that we run.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, you're overcomplicating it. One thing changed from a month ago and one thing only. And that was basically the spread we thought we'd earn on new business, right? We know, Mike, that we can go out and grow loans. Our ability to gain clients, cross-sell those clients, we've never been more bullish on that. The process of doing that is not earning what we would otherwise expect in the moment because spreads have not widened, and of course, you take a full life of the loan reserve when you book that loan. That's the only thing that's really changed. The expenses this quarter are noise. The guide for next year is tempered simply by that question of whether spreads are going to rise on loans, maybe they will or our CECL analysis will be wrong. We haven't we never guide on what our provision is going to be. We talk about charge-offs and the charge-off this quarter we felt was a bit anomalous. So nothing's really changed other than the sweat factor of, hey, can I actually earn what I thought I was going to earn on new loan production. That's it.
Bill Demchak: Well, but I haven't given you a number on my CECL reserves -- right? So -- but we put in -- we worsened our economic forecast. And the simple sound bite is either spreads are going to widen or our economic forecast is wrong. I think that's a fair statement.
Bill Demchak: You asked a question on the securities book. It's just -- we basically stayed pretty much in the same position all year. We get to re-price the book, and you see the income coming out of the securities book growing nicely. We haven't invested into it. It's a tough market to invest into. If you are -- in effect a deposit-funded institution, right? If you want to go out and buy something today, against your marginal cost of money, you're basically carrying flat to negative. Today on the theory that the Fed is going to cut to what down the road and you got to believe that the Fed is going to go back into 2s on Fed funds, which I just fundamentally don't believe. So I think kind of the market is just on investable at the moment, and I think that's going to be figured out through the course of the year. And so, there's upside my view on that plays out in the way we run our securities book. But at the moment, there's no choosing to go along in this environment, I think, is a mistake.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, that impacts the NII guide a bit only in terms of what our reinvestment yield is and will be when we -- when the existing security book rolls down. So you've seen the book yield on that rise from wherever to what is now 260-something.
Bill Demchak: And that continues to increase as we -- as things roll off, we're reinvesting with high fours, five handles on securities. Look, if the 10-year goes to 3%, if you look at the five year and five years, the implication of where long-term rates really have to head for that to be true. I just don't buy. I don't think we're going to be in an environment where the Fed is bounce in short-term funds around 1%, which I just don't think it's going to happen. I think we're going to -- I think we will get inflation under control, but I think it's going to be a struggle to get it under three long-term, and I think front rates will rise will stay higher they might cut and likely will cut from some 5% level. But this assumption that they're going to cut and therefore, rates are going to go back to two or one. I just think is absurd. So therefore to me, the back end of that curve is on investable. You're right, it could rally to there. Good for the people who own it as long as it's not me.
Bill Demchak: Look, there's obviously -- we could, in the near term, increase earnings by being less competitive with deposits and let deposits run off. We have the liquidity to do that. We could increase our loan-to-deposit ratio. The challenge with that is, in the course of doing that you're damaging your long-term franchise. So, if you're losing deposits that are not core relationship deposits that maybe that makes sense. But if you're losing customers in the process of that runoff, that's a mistake. And that's the -- that's the logic we use in figuring out how we price deposits and how we grow or maintain deposits.
Bill Demchak: We've given you our best forecast. Yes. I mean, look, there's a lot of unknowns here. Technically, we could see ourselves heading into a full employment "recession" because you'll have stale GDP for a couple of quarters, but unemployment not ticking up to high levels. And I don't even know how to think about that environment in terms of what charge-offs might be. I mean that's probably really low charge-off environment.
Bill Demchak: Yes. It's -- I mean it's strange to me Vivek, you're a bit of a fixed income guy, this notion of protection, I mean, what a lot of banks are doing is they'll put on forward starting swaps and they'll not have to eat negative carry in the course of doing that. And they'll hope sometime by the time those come due that there is a negative carry because there'll be a cut. So, you effectively -- I mean everything is priced at the forward curve when they do that trade. It makes no sense to me. It's the same as choosing to invest at the moment on where the yield curve is. That's my downside protection. I can buy -- we can sell it, we can use options and sell away upside and buy some downside protection. As a practical matter, we're not widely out of bounds in terms of while we're asset sensitive. We're not wildly asset sensitive. And it just doesn't feel like the moment when you're supposed to be long. Particularly, if you have a view that rates in the go-forward decade are not going to look like rates during the 2012 to 2020 year. So, that's where we sit.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to talk a little bit about the expense side. And I know you mentioned that there was a part of the expenses this quarter that was associated with revenue generating activities like capital markets, and so that is a net positive to PPOP. So let's leave those expenses aside. I wanted to dig in more to the expenses that did not come with commensurate revenues and understand what the drivers were behind those increasing and then talk a little bit about your outlook for 2023 off of what is now higher based on what people have been expecting coming into today.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. So as I think about the guide into next year for total expenses up 2% to 4% that is really related more towards your revenues of 6% to 8% and the crypto thing, whatever is a onetime one and done gone, that's down to zero.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. All right. And then separately, I know we talked a little bit earlier about the capital and the fact that your CET1 has been migrating down as you've been doing some nice lending, et cetera. Just wanted to understand the RWA density, it looks like it's gone up a bit. And I just wanted to understand, is that just loan growth? Or is there something else going on there? Is there some changes in how you think about RWA factors? And then I'm just wondering like how -- what is the low on CET1 that you're willing to drive to as we think about demand for borrowing is still pretty robust.
Mike Mayo: So you're saying you're too conservative either on CECL reserves or your NII guide for the year? And.
Mike Mayo: You give -- by the way, the CEO gauge turn out maybe to come to the economists because this is such a detailed outlook in your release about what you expect the economy and interest rates and everything else. So you give a lot of detail.
Mike Mayo: One more clarification, you are reserved for your existing book of business, assuming an unemployment rate of what level? I know it's above 5%.
