James E. Rohr: Thanks, Rick. Overall, 2012 provided PNC with a tremendous opportunity to grow our businesses. Interest rates won't always be this low, and we believe there's never been a better time to invest in growing the number of customers we serve. Our plans for 2013 are focused on revenue growth, with an emphasis on deepening customer relationships and increasing fee income while reducing expenses. Our goal in 2013 is to deliver positive operating leverage. To the extent that we don't achieve revenue growth that outpace our expenses, we will take further actions to reduce expenses, which should improve 2013 results and importantly, create momentum going into 2014. Given those expectations, we currently believe that we'll be in the range of the first call estimates for 2013, that assumes the economic outlook for the year will be a continuation of the current environment. Of course, if we get a little help in the form of a fast economic growth or higher interest rates, our results would be even better. And with that, we look forward to your questions. Operator, if you could give our participants the instructions, please.
James E. Rohr: Well, I think the sectors that Rick mentioned and I have mentioned with the asset-based lending and the health care business and somewhat in the energy space.
James E. Rohr: Well, we submitted our CCAR, and we're hopeful that we'll be able to return some additional capital to the shareholders this year. But we don't expect to buy back because this is a capital building year for us because the cash we spent last year in buying RBC. But we fully expect to be in the range of our goal for Basel III by the end of the year.
James E. Rohr: Yes, you're exactly right again. In this environment, as we said a year ago, in this kind of environment, we can't drive up economic growth if we can't drive up interest rates. Unfortunately, we'd like to do both. But given that they're both where they are, I think the answer is you grow clients, you deepen your relationship with clients and you manage your expenses down. And I think if you look at 2012, 2012 was a year where we grew client significantly. We had a very, very successful integration, and we obviously had charges on the mortgage side. Going into this year, we fully expect that we're going to be able to continue to drive more revenue from those customers and from new customers and to take the expenses. Now we don't expense them -- we don't expect the mortgage charges to recur the way they were in 2012. So that's exactly what we're going to do for this year.
James E. Rohr: Well, one of the things that we're doing, as you know, if you look at the fee income growth in the Western half of the franchise, on the C&IB side, it's growing more rapidly there than it is on the East, although it's growing in the East. We put -- we only put those products anywhere from one year to 2 years ago in terms of staffing. Obviously, in the Southeast, basically, we acquired a franchise that had de minimis fee income. It didn't have capital markets. They had a very modest treasury management business. They didn't have university banking. A lot of the things that we have, they didn't really have a purchase card. So a lot of the products that we put in right away in the Southeast are starting to take off. So I think the comment that -- the last question about how do we see revenue growth, we see revenue growth a lot on the fee side coming from these new customers and newer markets.
James E. Rohr: We were pleased about it. If you look at the chart, that long-term revenue potential, we had a 25% increase in purchase mortgages, and that's been our focus because at some point in time, a lot of the refinance will go away. And it's the relationships that we have in the marketplace with the purchase originations will continue to carry the profitability forward. So you can see the focus in 2012 on those. And that market's coming back, so that focus should have a good reward.
James E. Rohr: I think it's been relatively quiet in some small banks. I think you've been seeing selling to other small banks from mostly those some kind of a distressed sale. But we're really more focused on our -- just growing our customers in the markets that we're already in. I think there's a tremendous opportunity to do that. And so we're not spending a lot of time looking around the M&A space, but we don't see a lot of it either.
James E. Rohr: The mortgage company was already in the Southeast. So the addition of RBC is an enhancement to the existing distribution system. So I don't think it's a big lift at this point.
James E. Rohr: With the additional loan growth, we're not simply buying syndications. I mean, we won a number of syndications where we're the agent. But the way we manage the business, the individual relationship manager has to get the right risk adjusted return on a relationship. So if they're not getting some kind of fee income, in many cases, it's difficult to add the relationship. And so we're spending a lot of time becoming the agent bank in many cases. We're generating new relationships that has fee income associated with it rather than just buy a piece of somebody else's syndication. It doesn't work really well for us.
James E. Rohr: There's obviously very competitive landscape. We just did a heat map for this. It's kind of funny, we run into different competitors in different markets. And Ohio is particularly competitive because of few of the banks over there. The spreads are still good, and terms have softened a little bit in terms of increased tenor by 1.5 years or something like that. We're going to try not to go out that long. But in any event, there's little more competition in Ohio. In different markets, we have different competitors that distinguish themselves from time to time. But we're being very successful in growing new customers, and a lot of it is tied to new products and because of our presence and our brand in the marketplace and the good job our folks have done. So I don't think it's a pricing issue for us.
James E. Rohr: I read that in the newspaper a few weeks ago, and a couple people called me. And somebody called and asked if we were told not to bid on something. That's just really isn't true. We've not been looking for things to buy lately, so it's not like we've gone out to Washington with a bunch of requests. But no, I don't think that's the case. I think they're much more. Now for the really big banks, I can't -- certainly can't speak on their behalf. But I think in our case, the discussions that we have with the regulators regularly are all about getting to the capital requirements that we're focused on and making sure that we have our risks covered off and implementation of new regulations. And so we have not heard anything about coming to us and saying no, don't do a deal.
James E. Rohr: I think -- I wish we have more markets like that where we have trouble breaking in. As I think we've discussed before, we had 270 jobs that we wanted to fill. We have over 10,000 job applications coming mostly from other bankers. We've filled those quite rapidly. I would say that as Rick said that it was -- the transaction was $0.40 accretive for the year, and each market we're in has exceeded our expectations. So when you look at it as a whole, what we did, as we always do, as we integrated it right into the company, and each market has its own Regional President, has its own goals and objectives. And so we don't maintain it as a separate company or a separate market because we have individual markets at the Regional Presidents were managed. Each one of them has a goal for this year, which is substantially in excess of last year, and I think everybody feels good about our meeting. And so we're very happy to be in the Southeast. As you know, as you recall, we paid meaningfully less than book for that franchise in the fastest-growing market of the United States. So we're very pleased.
James E. Rohr: Well, the growth has been quite nice quite frankly. And there's been a lot of disruption in the Southeast, as you might imagine, over the last 3 or 4 years. A lot of the customers have had interesting experiences with their banks. There's been a lot of change in personnel, there's been a lot of layoffs. Obviously, the Southeast was dramatically impacted by the downturn and within their banks as well. And what we're seeing is that our brand, which brings to bear a company with high-quality products and a legacy of being able to take care of customers through the cycle is selling very, very well. So I think it's good news for us.
James E. Rohr: Well, we would like to get into the 50s. But one of the things that happens with us because of our tax-free lending business and also because of some of the states that we're in with our share stacks, which count as expenses as opposed to tax, we have a different -- we will have a somewhat higher overhead ratio than others. I think it's worth about 4 percentage points.
James E. Rohr: Two together. By the way, that's okay. We get it back as you see -- and Rick just gave guidance this morning that we expect our tax rate to be between 25% and 26%, which is lower than other people. So that impacts the expense ratio. But I think we have to continue to take expenses down. I don't think there's any question about this interest rate environment. The expenses just have to go down, and Rick mentioned that we have a target of $700 million this year. And if interest rates stay low, we're just going to have to continue to grind them down. That's how it is. So we'll do that by remaking, and I think we've made a couple of presentations about remaking the retail business. Because over 50% of our expenses are tied up with the retail business on operations and technology, so -- and a lot of that is driven there. But I think as the customer evolves, I think you'll see a lot of expense come out of the consumer business because they're using more efficient distribution services. We've talked about that where our brand's transaction costs $4, and we've now got -- I don't know what the number is anymore, but it's well over 10,000 items a day that are coming to us on deposits through a picture with a cellphone. And we haven't incented anybody to that financially here, but that's an opportunity clearly. So I think you'll see us continue to drive the number down, but it'll be higher than some others because of our business mix.
James E. Rohr: Well, the kinds of customers we're looking for, the kinds of quality customers we're looking for, we'll see a meaningful uptick.
James E. Rohr: Yes. The most interesting thing is the fee income side. What we saw when we looked at RBC is we saw a company that really didn't have much of a platform at all in terms of products. The Royal really never build a product set for the U.S. As you know, it goes back to really a community bank platform. And so when we put in capital markets, we put in treasury management, we put in university banking, the lift has come from that. Also, we go around and call on corporate customers. They really didn't have the ability to serve us at all, and that's been a lift for us. Now there's a lot of -- there were a number of smaller customers with higher risk profiles that we've allowed to run off, and so that's why you don't see the big net lift as Rick said. The fee income lift and the customer growth has been well in excess of our expectations.
James E. Rohr: In the first half, we will, as you know, Betsy, we'll have the full year effect of the CDs that were repriced in the first half of last year. And then, of course, we have the trust preferred redemptions that took place over the course of the year, and we'll have that reduction on a full year basis in '13 as well.
James E. Rohr: Well, I think your former point I think is correct. I mean, this is a continuous improvement process. We're going to have to continue to work on taking expenses down, as I mentioned in my comments. Because until the interest rates rise, where we get a 4% or 5% economic growth, neither which we're projecting, I think we just have to keep working on expenses and growing customers so that we have a good run rate going into '14. And that's a continuous improvement process for us, and I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to keep -- just to keep working on it. So I don't think this is a -- it maybe this could be, okay, we're going to take some expenses down in the fourth quarter. But I don't think that's the way we're approaching the year. We're approaching the year that we want to have expenses lower at the end of the quarter, expenses lower at the end of the year than they are at the beginning of the year, and then we'll have a lower run rate going into '14.
James E. Rohr: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone. Thanks for being with us this morning. As I mentioned earlier, we were very, very pleased with a number of things last year. Obviously, there were a couple of things we were less pleased with, but we look forward to a much quieter 2013 as integration costs and a lot of the TruP charges and the redemptions will be behind us and hopefully we don't have these mortgage -- the same mortgage issues in 2013, and we can just grow customers and grow income and reduce expenses. Thank you very much, everyone.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, no improvement in utilization, John, but what we did see is certainly a lot of growth towards the tail end of the quarter, and you can see that because the average didn't go up as much. So we should be -- see a pretty good lift in the average loans going into the first quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Erika, I wouldn't -- I would never give you guidance on the NIM. I don't think we can give you guidance on the NIM given the change in the mix of the book and what might happen. What's important to us is the fact that we are growing loans, and we'll continue to grow loans. And I think to the extent there is compression on the yields in the industry, we'll try to offset that to the best we can with loan growth. And as a result, that's what we feel core net interest income will continue to go up, although what happens with the calculation in NIM is going to be subject to the mix.
Richard J. Johnson: We feel good about it. We see the volume continuing to increase in the new year. We think spreads are going to get a little bit tighter than where we were this year. Gains on sales spreads are about 3%. We think they'll come down a little bit. So we're actually thinking that we'll see an increase in the revenue on originations going into 2013.
Richard J. Johnson: We -- as you recall, prior, we had $500 million in there, and we've upped it to $700 million. Half of that is on the reduction in the compliance cost related to foreclosure. The other half is the finishing the budget process and identifying more opportunities. But there's certainly room to grow if we are -- room to reduce, excuse me, if we don't see the revenue show up. So we think it's a reasonable target for us, $700 million. It's more than we've done in any last couple of years, and I think it's going to help us keep expenses, core expenses flat and reported expenses down about 5%.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that was a particularly strong quarter for us. We had about $30 million of revenue in that category for the quarter. But we'll still have good volumes next year. So I think year-over-year, it'll be a higher revenue production, but the fourth quarter was a bit higher than we typically get.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. We integrated it immediately, so we really don't. The one thing we do know is it's certainly accretive, and we think about $0.40 for the year accretive. But we don't have a lot of details we're trying to track throughout. So...
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I would say we're running at about $50 million a quarter right now, so I think you can see that increase from there absolutely in the deeper relationships.
Richard J. Johnson: The challenge right now is because of this implementation with the loans that have been discharged and bankruptcies, we had a couple of onetime items in the third and fourth quarter, which added $100 million in the third quarter to our nonperforming loans and added $200 million in the fourth quarter. So that's why some of our trends there are not coming down as quickly as we would like to see them happening. But all I was saying on the reserve releasing, we're still going to have commercial loan reserves releases. They just won't be as large as they were in 2012. At the moment, we're not releasing any reserves on the consumer side as we're continuing to watch the charge-offs in that space.
Richard J. Johnson: Well yes, we had a couple of things, Mike. You had about $50 million that we provided in the quarter related to this bankruptcy. We had a lower impact related to releasing reserves on commercial loans of about $40 million, and we had an increase in our portfolio. So I think collectively, we've added some reserves related to those, and that's part of the reason why we have an increase this quarter of a provision and not a lot of release overall. I do expect -- Mike, I do expect that, that next year, as I said, I expect in the first quarter that the provision levels will be between $200 million and $300 million. And I expect charge-offs not to remain at this elevated level unless there's more changes on how we, provided by the regulators, on how to do our charge-off procedures.
Richard J. Johnson: No, there's always a very active dialogue on the subject as you can imagine. But we have our models we run, we sit down, review with the regulators. But in the end -- and our accountants as well, right? And in the end, it's what we think we need to provide. Other than some of the challenges to the charge-off policies that you've seen during the course of the year, it's just -- it's more of a dialogue than it is a directive.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I mean, it's in early days, obviously. The proposals out there, we had a chance to look at it before it came out. The comments are due by April, I think it is. I think this is something you're not going to see implemented until 2015 or '16. And if it is implemented, it probably means more of a onetime charge to equity and then higher capital or higher allowance coverage ratios going forward. And in my mind, it just means that we're going to have more capital set aside for the challenges in the future.
Richard J. Johnson: Matt, the only thing I would comment on is if you look at the bottom of the page, you look at the losses, based upon what we did in the second quarter based on demands, that's actually played out as expected. And you can see that some of the demands are coming down, and the losses are starting to either flatten out or ease. So based upon what they've told us, that's being managed pretty well. I think what's changed is they've made additional requests and so, obviously, we've had to reflect that in the current quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the only thing I can say is we've got very strong reserves against this exposure. And if the industry gets it with more of these, we'll probably get it with more as well. We don't have a lot of risk from 2000 to '03 or smaller amount of risk. So I don't expect a huge impact from that.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's the current estimate. And what I would say is, of that $700 million, $550 million is basically reinvesting back into our businesses, which includes $150 million plus related to the full year impact of the RBC acquisition. The other $150 million is basically what we have set aside at the moment for unanticipated charges. So we're not sure whether they'll come or they won't. So we have a little cushion -- well, we have a little cushion there. But things happen, and we thought we ought to be prepared for that in our forecast.
Richard J. Johnson: We had specific requests clearly on the '04 to '05, and that was about half of the overall charge. We then had additional request on the '06 to '08 on modifications from the other regulator. And then what we decided to do was to say let's harmonize their demands so that we know they have the same regulator, but they'll be back for the rest and then we topped up the reserve for that, assuming what one is asking for, the other will eventually ask for. And so that got us to about $250 million and then we had current production of $4 million, and that's the charge of $254 million.
Richard J. Johnson: No, we didn't. No. But we did look at the BlackRock stake and looked at that as syncretic risk and assumed what it might happen to that if we had a significant impact in their overall earnings or in their goodwill and what that might mean to us.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we had to look at that market value. But remember, the book value is only $250 million. So the likelihood of having impairment would be pretty slim.
Richard J. Johnson: Not a lot yet, Paul, and the reason being is remember when we acquired them, we ran off -- we're running off some balances related to the book. So with what we're able to originate, we're keeping the balances reasonably flat. So you're not seeing a net lift yet related to that book.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Betsy, if you look at Page 6 of the supplement, now you're probably aware we put in a new chart there to try to help people to understand what we look like without the purchase accounting on rates and deals. And I think when you look at that, you'll see borrowed funds are down 1.23% and deposits at 31%. So probably not a lot of room on the deposit side; some, but not a lot. And we do have a few more opportunities on the borrowed funds, and we actually have some $200 million of trust preferred securities that we'll have to consider whether we're going to call them in the second quarter of this year. So there's still an opportunity to bring the borrowed funds cost down a bit. But the real -- most of what we could do on the liability side, we have done.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's why on Page 6 we want to break that out for you because as you look at it, we have had loan yields coming down. They've stabilized a bit. And right there, if you take out the purchase accounting, that 4% loan yield, we can replace that anywhere between the high 2s up to the mid-4s, depending on the mix of products we have. And where you're really going to see the drop is going to be on the securities side. But the more we can replace those security yields with loan yields, we have an opportunity to keep the overall asset deals hopefully pretty stable to down.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, at the moment, we haven't anticipated that in the guidance we provided. What I would tell you is that we do expect our OREO-related costs to come down as a result of that. This year was roughly $120 million, and we think next year it'll be below $100 million.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I don't see any release on the consumer side in the near term. And the guidance we've given so far is for the first quarter to say that it'll be about $200 million to $300 million of provision, and I don't see a lot of consumer releases. I do expect to continue to see releases on the corporate side. And we'll update that guidance afterwards as we start to see where those trends set.
