William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $1.4 billion or $2.88 per diluted common share for the second quarter. By virtually, every measure, it was a successful quarter. You saw we generated really strong growth in loans and deposits. We grew total revenues, both NII and noninterest income increased, managed expenses well, generated positive operating leverage and delivered strong returns. Building on the strong first quarter, we're pleased where we sit on performance through the first half of this year. Credit quality remains strong. We continue to see no cracks really on either the commercial or the consumer side.Our loan growth this quarter continued to be driven by the commercial side, but we did see growth in consumer as well. And inside of our strong commercial loan growth, we saw a drop in yields, consistent with lower interest rates, LIBOR sets basically and some further spread compression. The effect was particularly impactful on the margin this quarter.At the same time, we continue to have great success in cross-selling fee-based products to these clients and our economic profit on the total relationships continues to be really healthy. Pipelines are solid going into the third quarter. Sales on our Corporate Banking segment in June actually tied a month a record high, and treasury management and capital markets revenue also set quarterly records.In terms of market expansion, we continue to generate strong results in C&IB with our new markets, and we will take our middle market Corporate Banking franchise into two additional markets next year with moves into both Portland and Seattle.On the retail side, our national digital expansion effort continued to make good progress this quarter. Our high-yield savings product continues to be an attractive entry point for new customers in our expansion markets and beyond. And we've now opened 3 new branch locations under our solution center model in Kansas City and Dallas to support our digital offerings and outreach in our expansion markets. And we've been very pleased to see the growth in those branches. They are growing at nearly 5x the pace we'd expect for a de novo branch in our legacy markets. Looking ahead, we plan to accelerate the pace of new solution center openings over the next 18 months or so in Boston, Dallas, Houston and Nashville.We continue to return capital to shareholders even as we maintained a strong capital position. I'm sure you've seen we've recently announced a 21% increase in our quarterly cash dividend on common stock, raising the dividend to $1.15 per share on top of a substantial increase in our share repurchase programs. And as we look at the current environment and the remainder of the year ahead, there's obviously some uncertainty in the economy and the outlook for rates. That, of course, is beyond our control, but we will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly in customer-facing innovation to keep improving the customer experience and further expand our product and service offerings to meet our customers' evolving needs.As always, I want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, and with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to take you through our second quarter results in a little more detail.
William Demchak: We could both jump in. This is a bit of a weird quarter, John, because -- that the LIBOR sets kind of got in front of the expectation that the Fed is going to cut. So we had that drop in loan yields that wasn't really offset by any drop in deposit rates and other things. So I don't know that you're going to see a drop like you saw this quarter Interestingly, all of what we saw or virtually all that was on the asset side as opposed to the liability side of our balance sheet. So I think going forward, we do have two cuts in the forecast. You'll still see NIM under pressure, but it shouldn't be at all like the drop we saw this quarter. Having said all that, there's a million caveats to mix and other things in there that affect that.
William Demchak: Yes. And it's -- we haven't changed the risk bucket. Actually the quality of what we've been originating on average has been better...
William Demchak: It's pretty diversified. The one thing that's in there is we did see some pickup in utilization this quarter, which helps a little bit, particularly in the asset-based lending book. Although, I would say that it actually came down in June, so it's -- I don't know that that's a strength that necessarily continues, but it was broad-based, it's new clients, the new. I don't remember the stat up the top of my head, Rob, but the new markets are growing at multiples...
William Demchak: Remember that asset-based business has been national for years. We're not actually counting that when we talk about our new market growth. So most of the market growth is coming from our traditional middle-market products. It's not differentiated by risk. The cross-sell ratio in the new markets is accelerating quickly and approaching legacy markets. So we're just executing well. And I don't know how else to explain it. They're doing a good job.
William Demchak: We spread it through time. You can't really front-load it anyway. You forget the exact growth but...
William Demchak: I think practically betas lagged on the way up there so they don't have as much -- we don't have as much to go down. The national market is interesting. If you post in the top couple rates, you gather lots of deposits. If you're off that frontier, it slows down. And our strategy right now isn't actually to go out and try to grow those deposits aggressively. Instead, it's to go out and learn exactly the dynamics of how marketing dollars spent give you a return on your investment and the combination of marketing dollars and the physical branch presence effects volume. So you won't see as a practical matter, I don't think rate impact causing anything -- rate impact having -- causing any change in our national expansion in the near term because we're still on the stage of kind of figuring out the levers that drive success in that effort. Elsewhere inside the deposits, we're going to drop rates subject to what the market does.
William Demchak: A couple of things that are showing up very clearly to us. The branch builds that we're putting in place are much more successful, dramatically more successful than we'd resumed and they affect the quality of the customer that you actually book online. So our bias, and I have that in my comments, is probably to go with more branch builds that we'd originally assumed in our national expansion. The other thing that's very clear is that this online market is growing. We can measure deposits that leave us to go to competitors as well as the deposits that come to us and it's very clear that through time, at least in my mind, this is going to take a greater, greater portion of the market and for banking to be profitable as you see mix shift interest-bearing from noninterest-bearing and the margin on interest-bearing declining in effect for banking to be profitable. You're going to continue to see this branch spending in our saturated markets which we've talked about as we build out the fin. So I think this is in motion, not just for us, but for the whole industry. And I don't think there's anything that's going to slow it down.
William Demchak: No. I was just -- that math becomes -- it's fairly straightforward. The small deposits or institutions are trading at multiples of book value.
William Demchak: I don't know that I have any insight into that in theory that's why they would do it. It's a practical matter. I continue to think we're on a -- we have really low rates today. So I struggle to see how another 25 basis points or 50 basis points actually is going to impact what is already pretty low cost of funding for people. But we'll see.
William Demchak: I think part of it Is we designed them purposely to be different in terms of the numbers of employees and types of employees. So the employees in those branches spend more time than a traditional branch outside of the branch. So they're out working, events and neighborhoods and centers of influence more than you would see in a traditional branch. I think the advertising that is in play in these markets makes people aware of us and our offer and I still think that particularly for large deposits, branches matter. Somebody says, look, it's a great offer but I'm willing to drive the 20 minutes to go see somebody face-to-face rather than do it digitally. That has -- that's kind of common sense but I think that's been -- has had a stronger impact than I otherwise would've suspected.
William Demchak: First, John, you have to remember that we're just kind of starting to see the roll-on of this new business as we've been in these markets for a couple of years. Our strategy is just to call on people, sometimes for several years before we get any business. When we go into a market, we figure out who we want to have as customers and then we just focus on them for however long it takes. What you're seeing in terms of our results is what Mike Lyons [ph] calls it the wave but basically kind of this catch-up of the investments we've made is we're starting to see growth come from 3 years of planting seeds. If you remember all the way back when we bought RBC, we kind of did the same thing, right? We planted seeds and that effort came alive 2 and 3 years later and that's what you're seeing now. So it's traditional clients. I would tell you that TM makes a big difference. Our ability to go in and cross-sell when you -- more often than not you end up leading with capital with credit as part of your intro, the relationship and as you pursue cross-sell, we just have more to offer in terms of variety of products for treasurers and CFOs to choose from. We have good products, and it's worked for us.
William Demchak: I think it's a function of LCR that we can go down to 0 if you wanted to put out that stuff into Level 1 securities.
William Demchak: One of the issues you saw this quarter was we actually changed the mix on balance of our securities a bit to 2A, which otherwise would have allowed us to have either less wholesale borrowings and/or drop the balance more.
William Demchak: Yes, there is some mix shift between the average and the spot at period end, but you are correct that we did, because we added some 2A securities, we funded that with home loan advances actually and so you see that jump. That's all inside of our rate management process. We saw value in largely certain types of MBS this quarter and took advantage of it.
William Demchak: You shouldn't confuse the increase in balances with an assumption that we simply added duration. It's maybe the best way I could answer that question. We saw what we think were irrational prices on certain types of securities that offered a fairly protected return inside of fairly wide rate moves. If rates stay where they are, we don't see -- we, in fact, follow the forward curve, there's not a whole lot of reason to want to add duration at this point. Obviously, if -- because like you, I don't believe that forward curve. If that reverses, then we'll take a look at it and there's opportunity there.
William Demchak: I don't think so. I mean the places we are growing are actually growing at reasonable percentages off of smaller balances because we haven't been that larger consumer. They're being offset by the continued rundown of home equity and student lending, which masks some of the underlying growth. But at the end of the day, our consumer loan growth is always in effect, I shouldn't always but practically always is going to be slower than C&I, simply because it's on a much smaller base. And by the way, if you see a dramatic change in that then you ought to start asking questions. We're growing it at I think an appropriate pace off the base we're in with the products we have as we increase penetration with the clients we have. But I don't know that you'd see a dramatic turn.
William Demchak: So look optically because we are light on and consumer, we screen poorly on efficiency ratio and some other things and our NIM is lower because our loan yields are lower. That doesn't have anything to do with true economics but optically people screen and say we're perhaps doing something wrong. The only way to materially change that would be through some sort of acquisition of some type and we aren't -- just as a site. Consumer lenders who for -- who come for sale typically have some sort of big problem and we're kind of necessarily...
William Demchak: The people to fix a consumer lending problem. I'd probably answer that differently if it was the C&I problem. So I don't see that we have either the need economically or the opportunity to dramatically change that mix, given where we're starting from.
William Demchak: That's a fair question, Mike. It's -- we always talked about going out digitally thin and building branches, largely following our C&I expansion. What's changed is we're going to build more than we had originally assumed. So in Dallas, if I was thinking 5, we're now thinking 10 or 15. Those are soft numbers. Having said all that, of course, national digital is national and in markets where we have no presence, and in fact, some of our greatest growth is coming from parts of the country where we don't have any presence in C&I or retail and we don't intend to build branches. So it will be a mix. All I'm suggesting here is that certain markets where we had -- where we thought we'd build a couple of branches, it's becoming clear that you can actually get a higher return in those markets by building more branches and I don't know if that's a function of just better brand presence, a higher return on your marketing or exactly what's driving it, but that's exactly why we're doing test and learn in all these different places with different levers to see what gives us the most economic growth.
William Demchak: Yes, you know, I think traditionally, of course, we're following where we have physical footprint. It's a practical matter, Mike. Our ambition is to be a national retail bank. The form that that takes for us and for everybody continues to evolve. My own belief is that over time that will involve having physical presence in all the MSAs in this country done over whatever period of time as we continue to thin are saturated markets. I don't have a timeline on when that plays out, but I have this -- or we have this belief that fundamentally if you sit in your existing region and simply try to protect your region while you have the large banks coming in, so Bank of America and JPMorgan are in Pittsburgh. If I simply sit and protect Pittsburgh, I will lose because they will take share. And therefore, we have to go out and compete in markets where they have share today and we pull share. If you sit in your existing region, you will atrophy through time. And so our strategy is to go national.
William Demchak: Yes, yes. To be the term but assume that it's a top 50. But all of that is it -- that is In next year's plan. It is in the year after that. But the practical outcome of the transformation you're seeing in banking with more and more is done digitally. The bigger banks are getting larger, the inability to simply defend a regional footprint, in my view, on a cost-efficient basis suggests that you need to reach the whole country and pull share where you can pull share. That's what we're going to do over time. It will evolve as we go and that's why we're doing the test and learn we're doing today so we don't do a massive spend and then have to relay it back in.
William Demchak: I'm not exactly sure what that has to do with brand because the brand build ultimately comes from spend in the local market and national markets as well. But you could most definitely accelerate share through an acquisition. It issue and you've heard me talk about this, Mike, if you buy the small bank, you're getting a lot of stuff you really don't want at a multiple of book value. We want the accounts but we more often than not don't want to have anything to do with the balance sheet and the branches that you get are in the wrong place with the wrong technology, with the wrong style and the wrong employees. So it's just not a return on. I wish there was. If you jump up in scale -- look, if there was another National City less than book value that we could -- then, of course, we would do it, but that's a value question. Yes, that would accelerate what we're doing, but today at today's prices and today's opportunities, it's a much, much lower return than doing what we're doing.
William Demchak: Remember, the wholesale C&I deposit rates will kind of drop instantaneously. So we're really talking about what happens in retail. And I think you will see it take effect, all else equal, pretty quickly. The one thing that concerns me a little bit is if you look at the entire industry there are people who have been pushing on loan-to-deposit ratios, protecting NIM by effectively allowing deposits to run off and they're now trying to reverse that. So competition for deposits, even as rates drop could continue as we've seen loan growth outpace deposit growth for most of the middle-sized banks for a period of time now. So that's kind of the unknown in my mind in terms of what actually happens to consumer deposit cost.
William Demchak: I think it does. I think we have seen the impact of online banks on deposit growth and mix generally. And I think that's going to have an impact not just on -- if rates go down, but as we roll forward increasingly over time. I think you'll see betas actually be faster and faster because the online bank rate is more deposits bank rate towards that becomes real-time. I don't have a timeline for that. I just -- it's happening. You can't ignore it.
William Demchak: It's the traditional stuff. There is some real estate on the margin. On the retail side that everybody's talked about, but it's fine. There's -- transportation companies are struggling for a variety of costs at the margin, but we're not overly exposed to this. It's just a -- there's a bunch of little stuff, but there's nothing inside of -- to Rob's point, I went through every single ad to our watch list and they all had their own idiosyncratic story, all in separate industries, all with a reasonable explanation that largely had nothing to do with the economy.
William Demchak: Well, I think -- look, you're going to get the standard answer. Of course, we invest in our business and we've been investing a lot in our business for the last multiple period of years and that will continue. But we have an ability for the foreseeable future, in my view, to generate capital in excess of what we can intelligently deploy in growth. And so we get into a question of dividend and share buyback and, I guess -- I would suggest you just look at our actions this year to foreshadow the way we think about this, and what we might be doing going forward.
William Demchak: There's a lot of stuff we look at, at the margin inside of payments, and other things we're doing in the C&I space on advisory. The issue in the payment space is finding value there, given the multiple you pay and our need to be able to scale whatever that business model is to justify the multiple. We look, but we haven't really hit on anything of any size. But we'll continue to look.
Robert Reilly: Yes, yes, yes. John, this is Rob. I think when you take a look at in terms of our full year guidance what we originally expected, we said the upper end of the low single digits, probably at that time a little more NII and a little less in noninterest income. Fast-forward to today, accounting for the now a rate environment where we expect declining rates, so we'd see the NII back off a little bit than the noninterest income pickup. NII is not done as much as it would be as I pointed out in my comments because of the higher-than-expected loan growth. So probably a little bit more to answer your question, probably a little bit more equal contribution both from NII and noninterest income.
Robert Reilly: I think I can add to that just in simple terms. This quarter, interest-bearing assets were down largely driven down by commercial loan yields. And on the liability side, we actually went up 1 basis point because even though borrowings came down, the deposit rates were up. So going forward, we...
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's right. And competitive factors. So going forward we see the liabilities be more in tandem. So less compression to Bill's point. And then on the NII itself, in terms of the approximate amount relative to the 2 cuts that we have, we approximate that to be about $100 million.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Betsy, it's Rob, I can start this. We did have a -- we had a great record in terms of loan growth, as you've mentioned, largely on the commercial side, a little consumer growth was good too. On the commercial, I think it was a bit elevated in the second quarter. The big -- and the primary drivers of our loan growth, which we'd expect to continue maybe now at the same rate, we are in new geographies, all of which are doing well. And then in this quarter, similar to what we've been seeing for the last couple of years really, strong growth in our secured lending segment, which has better competitive dynamics. So those 2 things happened in the quarter and then on top of that, we had strong growth in some high-quality commercial, just general commercial credit. So little bit more in the second quarter than we'd expect going forward, which is why we guide to 1% loan growth in the third quarter, but those fundamentals are still in place.
Robert Reilly: Those new markets that we do in our legacy markets. We know how to compete. We don't win them all though we win our fair share.
Robert Reilly: In terms -- yes, in terms of our plan going forward as what we've done in the past years, which is pretty much evenly distributed throughout the year. Some others have front-loaded but that's part of their submission. We're opting to do otherwise.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, John, we have, and again, this is proposed that -- the quick answer is about 65 basis points on our CET 1 ratio. That's down a little bit from the last time. We're asked that question mostly because AOCI has changed around. So 65 basis points is a good estimate.
Robert Reilly: BlackRock is the biggest piece. Bryan is right. The other components MSR and DTAs are down a little bit but BlackRock is the big piece.
Robert Reilly: Yes. That's our view, John. Just a couple of deals coming off of really, really low levels last year. So when you take a look at the percentages to the total loan portfolio, they are virtually unchanged. We had a couple deals on the commercial side. go to the NPA list, one of which went to the top there that we've disclosed. But they are unrelated and have instances and circumstances that mitigate what would be further broader concerns.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. I can start on that. Obviously, going forward in the declining rate environment, we'll keep an eye in terms of our deposit rates. And if we do get the cuts that are proposed, it's likely that our rates would either, subject to competitive pressures, stable or go down. I think in regard to the national retail digital strategy, the deposits, although they've increased nicely percentage-wise, they're still pretty small relative to our total deposits. So we'll remain pretty aggressive there in terms of the rates that we pay. But of course, that will be largely subject to the rate environment and the competitive pressures.
Robert Reilly: I can help you a little bit of the math and you will be able to do yourself when you take a look at the AMG segment information. The gain on the sale of the business was -- came in two components. One was a $60 million gain in other noninterest income. Associated with the transaction was $20 million of expenses. The primary driver of that was the right-off of the software of our own administered system that was not part of the sale. So a net $40 million gain. And again, you could see that very clearly in the AMG segment info in terms of elevated revenue and expenses. And it was -- and as you pointed out, it was part of our second quarter guidance.
Robert Reilly: Yes, Gerard, I'd add to that that I agree with that but what I'd add is that what we found is the receptivity of potential clients in all these geographies to a PNC calling effort has been very high which 20 years ago was difficult. But the receptivity is very high and once the dialogue occurs, it's all the point that Bill pointed out. We tend to compete very well with our products and services.
Robert Reilly: Yes. I think that's all true. I think we're essentially at the levels that we expect to be at. What I would point out though as part the tailoring proposals as a possible reduction in the LCR levels and if that occurs, we could go down substantially. Our math is as much as maybe $10 billion our $20 billion depending on what whether it's 70% or 85% leverage.
Robert Reilly: Kevin, this is Rob. I'm not sure what the levers that we were talking about before, we had to look on the script. But I'll answer in the sense that you know we do manage a positive operating leverage. We've had a good first half, solid -- positive operating leverage and we expect to deliver full year positive operating leverage and that's what we managed too. So on the expense side, I feel good about it in terms of what we've managed. If you just go through the categories, our personnel expense is up 2%, which is consistent with merit. That contrasts to where we were this time last year where we're making a lot of investments in personnel, it was much higher. Occupancy is essentially flat. Equipment expense is up just a little bit reflecting our technology investments. Marketing is up. That's deliberate, discretionary and part of our build-out and we expect to continue to that. But the real savings has been in the all other category, which is our second largest behind personnel, which is down year-over-year. That's where our CIP program shows up the most. So I feel good about our expense management what we've done so far this year and what we plan to do for the balance.
Robert Reilly: I don't think it'll be dramatic, but just to add to that. Card and auto are growing nicely and that's all part of our plan. Residential mortgages are up and that's a function of just higher client activity, particularly in the jumbo space. One day the home equity run-off will stop running off, and then we'll get the benefit of that, but the fact that's the plan.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So let me just take a shot at [indiscernible] so I think the spirit of your question is, we stand by our guidance and feel confident around that. There is some volatility in that other noninterest income number and that's nothing new and tends to average out over the course of the year. So in the second quarter, it was a bit elevated because of all the reasons that I mentioned in addition to the sale of the retirement business. So it ran a little bit higher than what we expected. And that was included in our guidance. So when I look at the third quarter guidance, how I do that is I combine what I see in the next 90 days along with patterns that tend to emerge and then beyond that, I go by the patterns. So probably a little bit less in the third quarter in other noninterest income that we had in the second quarter and then in the fourth quarter, to your point, we do have a sale of the mutual fund business that we've announced that will be in there that will otherwise elevate that number. So you are on the right track. Yes.
Robert Reilly: And just to add to that, it'll be driven more by competitive pressures rather than the banks' abilities to move quickly.
