James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Overall, we believe our focus on attracting new customers, growing revenue and effectively managing expenses and capital represents a winning formula for creating long-term shareholder value. Our third quarter performance reflects these factors, and we believe the full year reported performance will also be strong. As we look ahead, we've clearly positioned the firm for a low interest rate environment and modest economic growth. Now we would like to have a better environment than that, but nonetheless, we have not completed our 2013 budget process. We believe our recent trends in customer loan and fee income growth will allow us to increase revenue on a year-over-year basis. Combined with our demonstrated ability to successfully manage our risks and costs, this gives me confidence that PNC is positioned to have another good year in 2013. And with that, we would be pleased to take your questions.
James E. Rohr: One of the things, Scott, is that -- one of the things we're not doing is we're not putting long-dated mortgages on our balance sheet. As Rick said, we're remaining short. We don't think you're getting paid to take risk and take that kind of long-dated risk in this interest rate environment. So that's one thing that you might see other banks doing and going out the yield curve, either in the securities book or even more so in booking residential mortgages on their balance sheet. That's just something that we don't think that's the right risk to be taking at this time.
James E. Rohr: Well, yes, that we've given out already. So we'll update that to some extent when we get to the Goldman conference in December. But -- when we start talking about 2013 after we get the budget done.
James E. Rohr: Well, I mean, we're still planning for a very low interest rate environment and very modest economic growth. I think that's the only way you can actually do any forecasting in this environment, not -- so that -- and we've talked to all of our customers, and the customers, as I mentioned, exact -- we hear the exact same thing, as you mentioned: that they're nervous about taxes, they're nervous about health care costs, they're nervous about the fiscal cliff. So you see them not borrowing. And I think the utilization rate being flat again, and this is years now where it's been flat, where people are spending money on -- they're spending money on things that generate economies right off the bat and efficiency. But we're really just not seeing people plunking out a lot of dough to expand their business and build plants and hire a lot of people because of the environmental factors that we have. Now we've been in this mode for quite some time. It's improved. It's improved some. Of course, it's better than it was in '08 and '09 and '10. But when you look at the reluctance to have a big increase, I think it's -- it causes you to just remain very cautious about what your planning is. Now to take the other side of that, if we could somehow build confidence in the economy, there's so much money sitting on the sidelines, not just large corporations, but small companies. Small businesses have a lot of cash. 80% of small businesses never borrow. So there could be a nice lift if we could build confidence back into the economy.
James E. Rohr: We're -- a lot of it -- as we've said, the Southeast is outperforming our expectations, but it's early days for us there. We're just getting started. So in terms of moving the overall numbers, the Southeast won't do that this year. It's been an interesting year. And what's happened, and not only to ourselves but across the industry, in particular to ourselves, we've added a lot of customers and we've added customers with new loans. But if you look at the loan balances, it's somewhat inconsistent with the number of customers we've added. So as I mentioned in the presentation, we've added almost 800 new commercial and C&IB, commercial and institutional Bank customers. A lot of those are new loan customers, and 75% of our markets are over plan. And so they've had great sales years, but the balances in the third quarter didn't move up as rapidly as you might expect. That's partially because America continues to de-lever. So you see volumes picking up, which is good news, and you see consumer sales, retail sales picking up. And so you see more credit card activity, but you don't see more credit card outstandings. And you see more activity with adding customers with home equity lines, but yet, home equity line outstandings go down. So we're just -- as a country, we're seeing just continued deleveraging of the economy. The good news is we're able to add customers at a pace that exceeds the deleveraging without just booking mortgage loans on the books in order to make up for the lost NII.
James E. Rohr: Well, the spreads are anywhere from, as I'm looking in the sheet, 200 to 400 basis points, depending on the products mix. Somehow -- some of the products get -- in the asset-based lending, would get as high as 5. So it really depends on the mix. The middle-market spreads have been 200 over LIBOR, which is still -- it's lower than it was, but it's down about 30 basis points from a year ago. But still, a good spread for that business for good quality credit.
James E. Rohr: I think there's -- I mean, there's competition everywhere. As long as you're going to have 7,000 banks, you're going to have plenty of competition. And different people are more aggressive in different markets, so there is clearly competition. One of the things that's interesting to me is that we see people going out 15 and 25 years with loans, and I just find that to be something that's taking a risk profile that we're not willing to do. So the competition on spreads has come in some, but it's not as onerous as you might think. But in some of the duration, we've seen some pretty remarkable terms.
James E. Rohr: Well, thank you very much for joining us this morning. We certainly appreciate that. We believe this is another very good quarter for PNC, and we look forward to a good fourth quarter as well. Thank you.
Richard J. Johnson: Okay. That's quite a bit, Scott. Thank you. Let's start with the assets, yield on assets. I mean, obviously, as I mentioned, we'll continue to see a decline in the purchase accounting accretion on performing loans. Last quarter, that was about a $40 million decline from second to third, and we think that'll be about a $30 million to $35 million decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. So obviously, that's going to have an impact on the yields. If you think of the core yields, this quarter, we saw loan yields come down about 14 basis points. That was a pretty severe movement for us relative to prior quarters. I expect, depending on the mix of business we put on -- what happened between the second and third quarters, we did put on a lot of municipal business, we did put on a lot of business through our conduit, which tend to run with lower yields than the regular portfolio, and so you saw the yields drop there, although it's very good business and we're quite pleased with it. We don't see the yields dropping as much in the fourth quarter. But again, I think that will depend very much on the mix of business that we put on. On the securities portfolio, we're running down about $1 billion a month. That's about $3 billion a quarter. As it runs off, we replace about a 3.3% asset with about a 2.3% asset as we bring on residential mortgage-backed securities. A little bit of a mix shift there as well, as we're not trying to take long-dated positions with our security portfolio. We're keeping it very short dated and so we may give up a little bit of earnings in doing that, but we don't believe it's appropriate to put our capital at risk. In terms of reduced funding costs, clearly, the TruPS we've exercised already this year, about $1.8 billion, plus the $500 million we'll do in the fourth quarter, is going to continue to reduce funding costs. And in fact, that is one of the reasons why I'm so confident that the contraction in the margin will ease in the fourth quarter relative to the second to third quarter, simply because we're going to get back a lot on the TruPS funding cost that we have there. So I think the borrowing costs continue to decline. I think the CDs are done. We finished that in the second quarter. There's not a lot more to do on the CD front. But clearly, we can continue to do further on the borrowing front. The Retail CDs, Scott, that was just a correction of an error in the second quarter. We had a $20 million adjustment on our yield year-to-date, which caused the second quarter to look much lower than the third quarter. If you adjusted for that, you'd probably have pretty flat yields on CDs over the 3 quarters in second, third -- first, second to third. And then also on the deposit side, as I mentioned, I think, really, not a lot of room right now, I think, on the CD side. We'll continue to evaluate it or -- on overall deposit costs, but I think they've pretty much repriced on that.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, happy to. We didn't have a lot of litigation in the quarter. I think there was about $13 million in total litigation costs. We ended up with about $45 million related to the mortgage foreclosure activity. That was a little bit elevated in the quarter, up from normal levels of about $30 million a quarter. And then the last item would have been the OREO costs, which came in at about $35 million for the quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we provided -- it is an update. We provided, one, for the originations in the quarter, which would have been about $5 million, and then we had a true-up of the reserve that we had, obviously, less than a 10% adjustment on the total reserve as we just -- more information as we're making our estimates. What I've been very pleased with is the fact that the -- what we have been expecting from Fannie and Freddie is exactly what's happening. We appeared to hit a peak of demand in the month of May, and it's been coming down since. The month of September was the lowest-cost month we've had since February. So not that any one month makes a trend, but I'd say that everything we're seeing on the GSEs is just as we expected.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's correct. The total revenue guidance we're giving you is that reported revenues next year will exceed reported revenues this year.
Richard J. Johnson: No. My comments today, I re-upped that guidance for you to say that total revenue 2013 will exclude total revenue of 2012.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we've said before that we will take the $150 million that we have planned to save this year in RBC, and on a full year basis, that will be $230 million next year. So that's been out there, and we're still comfortable with that. We haven't given any other guidance on expenses for next year, so I really can't give that today.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Basically, core loan yields in total were down about 14 basis points in the quarter. So if you back out all your purchase accounting accretion, the second quarter loan yield was 4.21% and the third quarter loan yield was 4.07%. So that was a decline of 14 basis points that I mentioned before.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we're -- yes, we're running off about $1 billion of residential mortgage-backed securities a month, which is about a $3 billion runoff in the quarter. The average yield in the overall securities book, I think, is about 3.4%, 3.3%. And if -- and we're buying, basically, 15-year mortgages is where we're at and -- mortgage-backed securities, and we're picking them up at about 2.35%.
Richard J. Johnson: Typically, what we're trying to keep our portfolio overall is around a 3-year average. So yes, you could be getting into the 4-year and then running down over time. So yes, that sounds about right.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. So I don't think you'll see much in the fourth quarter, but you'll certainly see the benefit into the new year. So the benefit I was referring to in the fourth quarter is what we actually exercised in the third quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's right. You got about 4 factors that are driving that. One is we did make this purchase of the auto portfolio, which was late in the quarter. We had purchased that in September. So you're going to get about $12 million of NII off of that. You've got some -- the wholesale funding, which is about 12 basis points. And then I mentioned before that, during the quarter, we had a $17 million charge in the third quarter related to a swap hedging debt and the ineffectiveness of that hedge, which we don't expect to repeat. So collectively, those are going add about $40 million to core NII in the quarter. And all other things being equal, we expect the rest will be flat.
Kenneth M. Usdin: I was wondering if -- first, if you could kind of walk us through the proportion of the expense base that today, in the third quarter, is still related to environmental costs. And if -- both on the expense side and I guess, also, we know the repurchase number was still a little bit higher than what you had been talking about. So if you can also just kind of put that into context for us. So all things related to environmental cost drag on the current numbers.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Okay, great. And my second question, just related to the outlook for overall revenue growth in 2013. So we know about the purchase accounting delta. I was wondering if you can just kind of, first of all, give us the kind of base for whatever core stuff you're -- or noncore stuff you're excluding from when you consider growth over. That will be helpful, I think, to understand. And then two, if you can just help us understand the components of NII versus fees in terms of getting to growth in '13.
Kenneth M. Usdin: Yes. I think the questions are just coming in on -- relative to the slightly lower-than-expected NII starting point, if that does, in fact, change the overall outlook. That's the questions that are coming in today.
