James Rohr: Thank you, Rick Turn to Slide 10. This slide is a scorecard that we use to measure our progress in building our company. I’m very pleased with the progress we’ve made against these objectives in the first quarter. With the conversion of National City three-quarters complete, we’re in an enhanced position to deepen the cross selling of fee based products throughout the larger franchise, we expect to increase the percentage of non-interest income to total revenue over time. Our return on average assets for the first quarter was 1.02%. That’s a 15 basis point increase in our ROA for the year of 2009, or a 40 basis point increase after adjusting for the Blackrock PGI transaction, which makes the achievement even more impressive. This shows the great progress we’ve made against our goal of a return on average assets of 1.3% or greater. Clearly, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these strategic financial objectives over time. In summary, we continue to execute on our business model and we had an excellent first quarter. We’ve provided you with our full year guidance and assuming a moderate economic recovery and manageable regulatory reform, we believe we’re off to a strong start for 2010. We have a strong team and we are focused on excellent execution. Clearly, we believe our enterprise will create tremendous opportunities for shareholder value as we continue to build a great company. And with that, we’ll be pleased to take your questions.
James Rohr: We’ll update the number again probably after the conversion is completed in June, so with the second quarter release, we’ll probably have a clearer picture as to whether we can increase the number from 1.5%.
James Rohr: Actually it is. We are retaining about 80% of our relationship based CD’s as we re-price them, and we’ve had an ability, we have about $19 billion still to re-price this year, and that’s on our books at an average contract rate of about 2.4%. Right now, we’re re-pricing them down to about 80 to 90 basis points. If you recall, the marks on those deposits were about 1.90 or around 2% I should say, and so I’m still very comfortable we’re going to be able to bring down the overall cost of deposits for at least the next quarter or two. I think after that it’s going to start to slow down towards the end of the year.
James Rohr: Yes, we will far exceed the amount of accretable yield on the deposit base to the point where we’ll probably cover most of the accretable yield that we’re getting through loans than deposits.
James Rohr: We do special servicing at Midland. We have about $10 billion to $12 billion of assets there where we’re doing special servicing and when those assets work through the margins are a lot higher, and when you settle the transaction, you get a pretty sizable payoff fee on that. So that’s a good business for us.
James Rohr: Midland was originally set up back in the early ’90’s as an RTC servicer, so they were a special servicer for troubled loans, and then became the second largest commercial mortgage servicer in the country. As special servicing diminished obviously over time, and they simply became a commercial mortgage servicer. Now frankly, with troubled assets going up over a two-year period of time, the affect of this special servicing has gone from zero to $12 billion and it can pay very, very nice fees for working through those trouble assets for a whole myriad of customers across the country who don’t have that capability.
James Rohr: The issue for us is we’ve seen a dramatic slowdown in the flow of non-performing assets and we’re very pleased about that. Delinquencies are stable to down. Charge offs are down. So I think the statement about, I think the provision assuming a reasonable economy, the provision will peak in the fourth quarter of last year. If those trends continue, I think the provision could continue to flow down. The other part is that we’re pretty comfortable with our marks on our impaired assets now. As time goes by, those marks are proving out to be more and more accurate so I think in terms of credit quality, I would hope that we would see continued improvement in credit quality.
James Rohr: First of all, hopefully our customers are going to do some borrowing and to the extent that we get utilization rates to go from 38% to 50% as they did historically, that would be a wonderful thing for the balance sheet for our net interest income. The other thing as I mentioned, we have a negative duration of equity of 1.7 years. To the extent that we get a higher or steeper yield curve, we can invest liquidity that we have with an 86% loan to deposit ratio into higher yielding assets in it because we’re so short, we could simply roll them into higher assets. And that’s a terrific opportunity as well. So I think those two items just from a balance sheet point of view are very powerful. If you take the franchises that we’ve purchased through National City, there’s a number of products that we get through conversion that we can cross sell to National City customers. It’s just started to take off with treasury management capital markets, university banking, work place banking, and as the conversions have taken place, and a we mentioned, they’ll be over at the end of the second quarter, I think there’s tremendous opportunity for customer growth. So I think the franchise we have, there’s just a lot of opportunity within the franchises we have.
James Rohr: I think banks are sold not bought and I think what we’ve learned over time is it’s all about price and fit and timing and we just have to – as we go down the road we just have to look at what might become available. But right now, we’re focused on executing the opportunities we have before us.
James Rohr: Not particularly concerned about it. As you know, commercial real estate assets are smaller for us than our peers at only 8% of our total assets, so that’s a good thing. Secondly, I think the commercial real estate portfolio as an industry will be a problem for the next two or three years. But for us, it will be smaller. In this case, it’s not a big number. And I think you’ll see volatility in those numbers going up and down. I think the markets appear to be re-opening. There might be an opportunity to do a little more re-finance than might have been the case certainly even six months ago. So I think you’ll see volatility in those delinquency numbers, but I don’t think it will have a dramatic impact in our ability to perform.
James Rohr: We might reserve for them before they’re 90 days delinquent. It depends upon – the interesting thing about commercial real estate is that each property is its own animal and you don’t know who the guarantors are. You don’t know when leasing takes place, re-leasing takes place. So additional capital is added. All of those things come into play with each commercial real estate property as you know, so sorry to really generalize about how and when you reserve because sometimes you may reserve just based upon the appraisal even before it goes delinquent because you’re so concerned. So each one is rate independently on a continuous basis.
James Rohr: First of all, we haven’t had any discussions with the regulators about that. Our commitment to the regulators included the capital increase through the sale of GIS, which takes place in the third quarter, so I think we need to continue executing on that. The other thing is, we still have almost a 10% unemployment rate in the country and we’ve got some regulatory changes in the wind clearly. So both of those things I think we’re going to have to take a good look at. Our Board will have to take a good look at before they would consider a dividend increase. And I think frankly, what we need to do is we need to show consistent increase, consistent ability to generate significant capital, and I think with the TARP charges in the first quarter, that capital build wasn’t as strong as perhaps the earnings in the quarter, so we’ll get that behind us. If we are able to continue to deliver a couple more quarters of solid capital generation, we complete the GIS, we get some sense of what the regulatory environment is about, the economy continues to improve, I think those are the kinds of things we’d like to check off before we start talking about how we might return capital to the shareholders. But as you know, we would love to return capital to the shareholders as we have in the past. I just think there’s some variables right now that we’d like to check off.
James Rohr: It all depends on price. Clearly certain markets, and strangely enough the markets in the middle of the country where real estate appears to have stabilized have had the opportunity to generate loan sales. There’s a number of people out there who are asset hungry, so we’re starting to see bids on that. We’re moving forward with real estate. I think we moved almost 1,000 properties, around 900 properties in the first quarter, 871 to be exact, and those come from all across the country. We’re getting bids in every market. The good news is, we’ve marked our assets, which appear to be appropriate, so we’re able to move these assets as the markets kind of open up. So I think it’s a national event. A year ago, you couldn’t get, other than gold bullion, you couldn’t get a bid, but now there’s a lot of bidders for properties all across the country.
James Rohr: The good news is that National City stopped buying broker loans in early 2008, which was a real plus.
James Rohr: There’s a lot of assumptions in there. As long as demand comes back and rates rise, we could see a nice lift in net interest income next year.
James Rohr: Two things about that. One is that a lot of our home equity book is in our footprint and our footprint didn’t see the dramatic increase in price, real estate prices that were shared in the California, Arizona, Florida. But the other part is speculating on how regulatory reform might come out is pretty hard to do these days. I mean, I have no feel for what might come out of the regulatory reform around mortgages. I think we just have to look at our customers and they simply continue to pay which is what they’re supposed to do.
James Rohr: A, B, and C is exactly the way we think about it as well. The A properties are doing well and probably are doing better than anybody might mark them, so actually we’re not in the business of selling those even though we might have taken a mark on them when we took them in. Those properties tend to come back with the economy, and that’s the right thing to do. The C properties, you just sell. C property rarely come back so you take very strong marks on those right up front and you just sell them because they always have trouble recovering at all. So we’ve been actively doing that and we’re comfortable with our marks. The B properties, obviously the majority of the portfolio, but those are the ones you mark down and you have to manage one by one. One of the advantages we have is that Midland was originally commercial mortgages across the county to securitize. So we have staff in markets all around the country and when we marked the National City portfolio, it gave us a great advantage because we had people, experienced people actually going in and testing the markets and actually giving us real numbers, in some cases actually bidding on properties to find out what somebody might accept. So that’s a plus, and I think the commercial real estate business over time, if a property loses a tenant, clearly that property has less value as you know. But then they go resign somebody else at a lower lease rate, so the property is worth less, but it’s not like it falls off the planet. There is some cash flow. So I think those B properties, I think will work their way through for the most part. The big issue two or three from now is liquidity. There’s a lot of those commercial mortgages, they’re typically seven years minimum that are coming due and if you look back a year ago, there was no ability, I mean the scary part was there was no re-financing opportunity. In today’s environment there is some re-finance opportunity and because the capital markets are just barely coming back. But on the other hand, assets and we’re looking at Midland, I mean Midland with their commercial servicing capability, they know the cash flows asset by asset and they know the maturity date. So nobody wants to re-finance too quickly because the price of the credit is going to go up pretty significant. But I think we’ll be aggressive in pursuing commercial real estate, high quality real estate loans as they come due in the next one to three years.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: I remember a year ago having conversations with private equity firms looking to buy distressed assets from banks. Maybe it’s over a year, and a year later, the activity is coming. Now you’re starting to see Bank of America had an announcement this morning, you’re starting to see more activity actually transact. What was the delay? So they were hanging around the rim. Are their prices coming up or did they not have their act together until now.
James Rohr: I can’t speak for the private equity, but when you’re buying distressed assets, the best time to buy them is when you see the market turn. There’s no sense trying to catch the falling knife because the sellers are going to be sellers even after the turn. So to the extent that you can come in at the bottom or just after the turn, is a lot safer and better investment to make than it is while the prices are still falling. I think if you look at what’s happening in a lot of markets, clearly the prices are stabilized, and that’s the time that you would see distressed buyers come in. it’s the same thing that happened in the early 90’s.
James Rohr: If you look at the trends of flow of non performing assets going back to the first and second quarter of last year, the flow has dropped precipitously and so if that trend continues, I think we would expect that.Rick Weiss – Janney Capital Markets: So it’s stable now. I think we’re all happy that’s stable. I think that’s good, but the decline is not yet occurring.
James Rohr: I think it was a very fine quarter for us. We not only did well financially, but also strategically and accomplished a lot of the goals that we had set out to shareholders a year ago and our plan is just to continue to execute and I think there is a lot of shareholder value we can create. Thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning.
Richard Johnson: Three things happened. One is deposit re-pricing just continues to outperform. The group’s doing a great job. Work on the asset and liability group management liquidity for the company and doing the right thing for the customer, so that has actually done better. I think if you look on Page 7 of our supplement, you’ll see that we made $75 million on pay downs and sales of impaired loans. We weren’t anticipating further amounts related to that, so that was an increase. And also, one of the other items in the margin is, you’ll notice that our balance with the Fed is down about $4 billion as we fuse that liquidity elsewhere, and that has an upward lift in the margin as well.
Richard Johnson: It’s a mix between the two, and obviously we’re aggressively looking for opportunities to reduce our exposure in the distressed portfolio and where we see an opportunity to do that, we’re doing it. And by the way, it’s entirely in the commercial book because where we have a loan sale on the consumer book that will go back into the pool and show up in accretable yield over time.
Richard Johnson: Every time I think I’m going to adjust accretable yield down, we get the valuations on the portfolio and it goes up. So we end up increasing it. I know everyone thinks it’s something we can’t repeat. I would say that it seems every quarter we say that, we turn around and price our deposits in a way that ends up covering any reduction in that amount.
Richard Johnson: We’re pretty comfortable that the net interest margin is going to be flat to maybe a little bit of pressure towards the end of the year, but we’re pretty comfortable it’ll stay flat at least through the second quarter. Again, the deposit re-pricing continuing to add benefit to the margin, but there could be pressure on this at the end of the year I think because deposit pricing has to slow down, and then maybe some little loan and security re-pricing will catch up to them. That’s going to depend on loan line.
Richard Johnson: Yes, I think it’s probably maybe it goes down another quarter but we’re hoping we can get it back up into low single digits.
Richard Johnson: Every business we have has a different expectation around utilization, but if I were to do an average, I’d say we probably operate it in the low 50’s traditionally. We’re down to 38% now, just to give you an idea of the movement, and obviously the opportunity when the economy recovers.
Richard Johnson: We’re feeling pretty good about right now in the property sales is we’re actually getting book value in terms of the appraised value, so we’re not losing any further money on those marks.
Richard Johnson: If you recall at the end of the year we booked about $50 million in the mortgage company. We added another $25 million to that this quarter and we were pretty comfortable that we had the reserve right. We saw a little more activity there, so we topped up the reserve. All in all, all of the losses related to this is coming from the underwritings we had in 2007, obviously prior to changing all the underwriting practices in 2008. We’re seeing about 1.2% net put back of loans to the company with the loss in the range of about 45 to 50 basis points. So total expected loss is about 75 bits on that activity, and we’re fully reserved for that today.
Richard Johnson: Our commercial book has been doing very, very well. We’ve added some additional reserves but you’ve seen the amount of money we’ve made on pay offs and sales of loans and so on. So we’re very comfortable there. On the consumer side, it’s primarily mortgages where we’ve seen some stress, added additional reserves on that side of the book. Most of the other portfolios are continuing to perform well and you’re seeing that because we keep up in the yield. If you look at Page 7, one of the things I keep trying to point out is the fact that while we’ve added $600 million of reserves on all these impaired loans, additional allowance since the marks, we’ve also added almost $2 billion to the accretable yield going forward.  So you look at cost of credit and then you recognize the cost of NII over time. So all in all, these books are performing better than we anticipated.Kenneth Usdin – Bank of America: On the home equity portfolio, it continued to see very stable trends in terms of delinquencies and a little improvement. I’m just wondering your views from the broader picture of home equity, potential reform impact on first and second so to speak if we do get changes to the rules.
Richard Johnson: Not really. We picked up some benefit from the consolidation of the credit card fees, but when we consolidated Market Street, we gave it right back, so it was a net nothing in effect. And that impact on our balance sheet was only about $4 million, so it’s not big enough to have an impact.
Richard Johnson: That’s actually about $217 million. I think you’ll see that in the note right after the one you looked at, so note C on that page lays out for you the accruing TDR’s.
Richard Johnson: That was driven primarily by the OREO asset going up $150 million, and that was just because we didn’t have sales in January and February. The much lower sale volume in January and February so the balance ticked up $150 million. The answer on non performing loans, were pretty flat. I think they were up 60 or something like that. It wasn’t much at all.Rick Weiss – Janney Capital Markets: Overall all though, you would expect that number to start declining. I guess that’s what I’m hearing on this call anyway.
Richard Johnson: The tax rate you can anticipate going forward is about 27%. That’s what I would expect. The only reason the fourth quarter last year was higher was because we had the gain on the PGI deal, so that drove the rate up a bit. We didn’t have any carry forward. We did do some carry back on Nat City and we did get benefit from that and got the cash flow related to that, only the two year period. We didn’t do the five year because we were under TARP, but we got some of that, but not a big carry forward benefit.
