William S. Demchak: Look, it's too early to tell you or give you guidance on what we think is going to happen in '14 exactly, but I think we, as well as the rest of the industry, face this fight against top line revenue as we're in a tougher environment. We do have organic growth opportunities. We highlight the Southeast. We highlight cross-sell and fee income categories. What I would tell you longer term as it relates to our efficiency ratios, the near-term success we've had in controlling expenses and in fact, lowering expenses was kind of the easy stuff. We have a longer-term opportunity that we're focused on now on process reengineering that relates to basically cleaning up the sequence of integrations that we've done over the last bunch of years. And this will bear fruit over the next few years, not necessarily visible in '14. But it is the thing that ultimately would allow us to substantially improve our efficiency ratio, at least that's what our goal would be relative to our peers. But that's not a near term -- we'll be working on it near term, but you're not going to see those results show up immediately.
William S. Demchak: Just thinking about what's happening here, we continue to grow loans. We'd expect to be able to still do that, but we're growing loans at tighter spreads as spreads continue to contract. While rates are higher, we've been pretty clear that even while we reinvest roll-off of securities, which as an aside, we weren't doing for part of the year. But even as we do that now, we're typically reinvesting at a lower book yield on new securities than what's rolling off. So we have that pressure unless we choose to increase balances in today's rate environment, which we just otherwise have chosen not to do. We want to kind of maintain that dry powder with the asset sensitivity. So it's -- it'll be a fight to keep core flat.
William S. Demchak: We've been pretty clear about our strategic priorities. I'll reiterate them for you. We think our organic growth opportunity here is substantial. I also think that given what we're seeing in terms of just changes in the Retail Banking model for the industry, it's not obvious that adding sort of yesterday's Retail Banking model is what would necessarily allow us to succeed in the Southeast. In some ways, building the model for the future down there is actually an advantage for us, and that's what we're going to focus on.
William S. Demchak: Well, it's -- I mean, a bunch of different businesses, right? So in wealth management, RBC didn't have a single employee focused on the space. We have full teams down there. So we're growing by vast percentages off of a base of 0. In C&IB, we've been really surprised by the pace of loan growth and client wins. Part of that is we have the right people in the seats down there. I think part of it is simply that we're new players in markets where there's clients down there that just aren't satisfied with the existing providers. So some of it's low hanging fruit, I'm sure. On the retail side, which is kind of the question everybody gets to on we don't have retail penetration at least as it relates to what you would want to have on historical standards for retail. We're pursuing a path in retail across our footprint of -- think of hub branches or universal branches with sort of a digitally thin or digitally enabled branches surrounding them. Think of new branches as half the space and half the cost as you roll forward versus a traditional branch network that in the past would have cost more to build and more to maintain and run. And we're building that out, trying new things down in the newer markets, some with successes, some with failures, but we're learning from it. We're applying the successes to all of our markets.
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's starting to -- I mean, it is starting to make a difference in terms of the growth rate for the whole company. Somewhere we have that number, I'm sure Callihan could dig that up after the call or something.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, we'd like to be focused on that too, but give us till the January call to give you some guidance on that.
William S. Demchak: It's -- no. It's a tough market particularly in sort of traditional C&I. If anything, it's gotten worse from our comments in the second quarter. But the growth we had at least on the commercial space, and I'll let Rob speak to retail in a second, but the growth we've had on the commercial space, the majority of it in real estate, a lot of that on the back of just continuing fund up on projects done in past periods of time, as well as we continue to take advantage of some term financing on CMBS rollover, small growth in asset-based lending and some of the other specialty segments. But it's really tough in just generic C&I revolver space to the point where we're starting to see spread returns pushing back to 2005 where we saw before a lot of competition. We haven't, as I mentioned in my comments, just on the risk side, we walk away when we have to walk away. We defend clients aggressively when we have a lot of cross-sell, and we'll give on price when necessary. We won't give on structure.
William S. Demchak: We hired, in effect, I don't know if it's necessarily teams, but we hired all new people down in the Southeast. We transferred some people down. But we, in some ways, have become an employer of choice in the business. We've been growing aggressively. I don't know, Rob, what's the number over the last couple of years of people [indiscernible]
William S. Demchak: Yes. Generically, either buying a team or buying small firms become problematic in terms of their integration into our model, so we try to hire employees as opposed to think about teams or businesses.
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I've ever calculated it that way because we have a combination of the regulatory changes on the fee side, higher costs. You have the rate impact and importantly, you just have the changing preference of consumers and the use of technology. It is very clear, and I've been pretty public in my remarks that the business model for retail needs to change as we embrace both the new regulatory environment, but importantly, consumer preferences and their desire to interface with us through multiple channels both physical and digital. So I don't -- what it is today versus in the past, it's down a lot. I think there's opportunity, a lot of opportunity for that to improve, but it's going to come through a transformation of that business in my view as opposed to pulling individual costs out or hoping that interest rates go back up.
William S. Demchak: But we have -- I mean, I think if you look back in time, we've had 5, 6, 7 basis points of C&I spread decline pretty consistently. It's not accelerating, but it's not going away. So I think you could probably kind of build that in and then you have this race of volume against spread decline. On the securities book as I mentioned, we are rolling off yields off various things of call it 3.25%, replacing it with 2.5% to 2.75%. We are also lightening, for what it's worth, taking on less spread duration or spread product. We've been using swaps more than we have in the past. We see opportunities in the municipal space and isolated pockets, but it's tough. Again, the same things that are impacting corporate spreads are impacting securities and the attractiveness of securities. So we're being pretty careful there.
William S. Demchak: Just rate, I mean, risk-adjusted spread on that product over some 10-year term rate has been pretty consistent. I don't know what we're booking today but think about it in terms of live rate sheets that you'd quote on a fixed-rate product at the right risk premium, and it moves with interest rates outright.
William S. Demchak: Well, I mean, we've seen volume declines clearly as a function of rate, but we're also going to see just burning through the population of eligible borrowers. So you're getting declines on both sides, I would suspect.
William S. Demchak: We had I think a de minimis markup, but model adjustment driven. We remain, based on the surveys we participate in on where we mark our book, very comfortable and somewhat conservative relative to what we see in the market.
William S. Demchak: Yes. The half-full, half-empty argument. It's going to take a while. We were very explicit that we kind of staffed full teams in the newer markets largely with no client book. So if you think of what's happening down there versus a market like Pittsburgh or Philly, in those markets, we have all hunters. They're out gathering clients and then cross-selling new clients as opposed to sitting on existing books of business. So that's what causes the productivity to be so much less. But through time, we continue to build as we have as we add new clients and then we cross-sell new clients. We'll build that to where we want to be. So I don't have a timeline on it. We track progress, always one step forward and be better tomorrow than we were today, and that continues to work for us. But it is a big opportunity.
William S. Demchak: No, no. Look, this quarter's numbers, we're continually refining estimates for reserves across any number of categories, so don't read too much into the number you see this quarter. But we, like others, would like to put this behind us. And we're working with Fannie and Freddie and would like to come to a settlement. It's kind of on their timeline, not ours. We're reserved for everything we know about. But as we've proven in the past, we don't know everything. But no, we'd like to put that behind us.
William S. Demchak: Well, this productivity enhancement or process improvement that I talk about, think about we've done for the last 6 or 7 years starting with Riggs and Mercantile, National City, RBC, a number of bank acquisitions and then integrations where we -- during the course of time, you put everything on hold to do the integration and you kind of stop process. And you put together the companies, but you never take a timeout to basically refine the core processes going on in the company. And that's what we need to do. So think about that in terms of loan servicing systems. By one count, I think we had 11 loan systems. We probably need 4. There were logical reasons as to why we kept them when we did it. You look back today, and it seems illogical. There's a lot of things that we can do through automation, consolidation of systems and sites and process that's going to take time. It's going to take invested dollars to save dollars. But it's something we need to do to make this company a more efficient company in the long term.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But it's quite clearly, I mean, it's a noncore asset for us, and it's something that we've been pretty public that through time we'll liquidate the position. So we look at opportunities to do so with counterparties. We look at the value of the shares, and I would expect all else equal that you'll see us continue to move it out kind of on the same timeline that we've done in the past.
William S. Demchak: The way we think about it is when you go through the CCAR process, if you could see it in our last year results, if you think about the drop from whatever you hold to your outcome in the mild case or the drop in the severe case, right, we want to maintain a buffer so that in a mild case, we don't drop to the 7%, and in a severe case we obviously stay above the 4.5%. And I think for us in the industry, that's going to sort of define the excess that you hold in the end driven by your declines as you go through the CCAR process. Now if we get assigned a 1% buffer, which, by the way, I think is highly unlikely, but let's assume that they added some buffer to our minimum 7%, then what I would tell you is that on my -- or to the 4.5% goes to 5.5%, the 7% to 8%, then I would tell you is that on my mild stress, I can't go below 8%. And on my severe stress, I can't go below 5.5%. And we'll drive what we hold as a function of the balance sheet and the environment that we find ourselves in. Clearly, if you look at last year's results, our decline in outright capital levels, so losses as a percentage of capital, given the risk profile we hold was pretty manageable, and that's what kind of has given rise to our suggested boundaries today or guidelines today of 8% to 8.5%. That could change through time for any number of reasons though. It's not a static number.
William S. Demchak: We haven't. I mean, our bias is to do more rather than less. Again, but we've got to take that first through, that -- see what the CCAR instructions are and what the guidelines are from the Fed, and we'll work with our board. But our bias is to do more rather than less, and we'll have to work within the instructions to figure out what that number is.
William S. Demchak: I hadn't thought of the question that way before. But if you just think about our new branch profile for the digital branches, even if we had the same physical number of locations, you would easily get there on square footage. I don't know if that's a 5-year phenomenon or what timeline that is. But practically, as we build out a digitally thin network, and by the way, you hear other banks talking about the same thing. I just don't know if they're doing it as aggressively as us. But yes, I think that your square footage drops pretty substantially through time while you still maintain physical presence and serve your customers.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So we're clearly, we're running somewhere just below 2 or over 2 if you put the marks in on our L33 [ph] loans.
William S. Demchak: Through history, given what we're seeing in this credit cycle, you would have seen reserve to total loans drop well below where we are today. At the same time, you hear very publicly regulators starting to voice concerns about reserve releases and the need to be countercyclical. I don't know where that plays out, right? We have accounting guidelines we follow and model based reserves with a little bit of judgment with regulators who are getting concerned with the industry, not with us necessarily, on reserve releases. So we'll follow guidance from everybody who wants to give it to us. We'll run our models. If we end up holding more through time through the next cycle than we did in the last then that's fine. It's a form of capital, yes.
William S. Demchak: The budgeting process is usually people show up with a whole bunch of wants and no [indiscernible], and then we push back and say that doesn't work. We -- you shouldn't assume that as we go into next year that we're not going to invest in the business. Clearly, we're going to do that. Our -- particularly as we think about this process reengineering and some of the automation opportunities that we have. But we'll get into that in some level of detail as we go into January and provide a little more color on next year.
William S. Demchak: No. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. We'll talk to you again in a handful of months. Hopefully we'll get through the next week here with our debt situation with a good outcome.
Robert Q. Reilly: Erika, if I can just add to that. This is Rob. We're in the middle of our budgeting process for 2014. And as been our custom as far as guidance for '14, we'll cover that in our January call as we've done in past years.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I'm sorry. To clarify that, it will be 175 in the fourth quarter. If you recall, we had given guidance where purchase accounting would be down approximately $600 million over the 2-year period 2013 and 2014. In 2013, we've experienced more recoveries, about $50 million more than we expected. So that's now down $300 million. And then for '14, which was previously $250 million, is down $300 million. So it's still the same $600 million, just the timing of those recoveries has changed a bit.
Robert Q. Reilly: The -- well, again, we'll save our '14 guidance for the January conference call. But I think it's in terms of the guidance that we talked about, down a bit, largely reflective of the purchase accounting decline, less so on the core side. But downward pressure for sure.
Robert Q. Reilly: A couple. Yes, they came relatively late in the quarter there, Paul. So it would be a couple of basis points.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, typically -- that's a good question, Matt -- I mean typically, we see a rise in our fourth quarter expenses around some seasonal items, notably incentive compensation, et cetera. Where we've changed that to stable is we do think the expense control program that we've put in place is largely going to be able to offset that in the fourth quarter. So we don't see anything necessarily lumpy, but we do see what's typically a seasonally high quarter coming in stable.
Robert Q. Reilly: No, I think there's some categorical shifts. But generally speaking, we're still running at that $3.6 billion so in total, which is fairly flat. And they're non-performing.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. As you know, our guidance around tax rate is at 25%. We came in below that in this quarter. That was a result of some minor true-ups of our deferred tax accounts. Again, we'll give you a 2014 information in a couple of months. But for the balance of the year, we're still at that 25% number.
Robert Q. Reilly: And then just on the retail side -- or the consumer side rather, it's been largely a result of our growth in our automobile portfolio, some nominal minor growth on the home equity side on the term loans. And then as I mentioned in my comments, we did purchase some jumbo loans during the quarter.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I would say again, so the guidance is on that core piece. The other piece, which has been, as you said we've experienced big numbers there related to rate movements primarily in the one that you referenced as well as some asset sales, it's hard to give a lot of guidance on because it reflects whatever happens in the environment in that particular given quarter.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure, sure. So I'll, again I'll handle the loans and Bill will talk about the securities. On the loan side, as Bill mentioned to the earlier question, it's tough on the corporate side, the spreads that we're seeing in terms of the deals that we choose to do within our risk parameters are lower than what we have on our existing books. So that's going to put downward pressure on the NIM. We can grow the NII depending on what kind of volume shows. And on the consumer side, there is similar spread pressure. So I think as far as from the loan perspective, the downward pressure on the NIM is our outlook.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I don't know if we think about it so much in those terms. I would say you're correct in terms of the bulk of that $700 million continuous improvement number was targeted for investments in the business, which we have made. I would just say I think the company understands the need for expense control to a greater degree than we did in the past in the current environment, and we're seeing that across the company and across all the categories and that's showing up here with more savings than what we would have otherwise thought a year ago when we put the program in place.
