Bill Demchak: It’s adjusting accordingly in terms of the guidance we give you in its simplest form. So, our plan takes those assumptions today and by the way some investors and even the Feds dot [ph] taught themselves I guess having going four times, obviously the market doesn't believe that today. We're three weeks into the year, so we're not going to bin a whole planning process until we see how it plays out, and as it plays out we would give you, as we do always quarterly guidance on what you might expect. I don't think as we've said before that near term pressures on rates and/or localized pressures on the economy are going to dramatically shift our investment profile, largely because we continue to be able to fund that profile through continuous improvement and hold costs constant. So, you're broader question, can we get to positive operating leverages, so many embedded assumptions on that in terms of what credit cost doing rates doing and everything else we'll have to see.
Bill Demchak: I would remind you and we've talked about this before that there is not a magic boundary on this kind of 100% payout ratio in terms of what we could request, I'd also remind you that we talk about focusing on the post stress ratio as opposed to the starting ratio which is the one that's obviously your binding constraint. As we run our base case, and the other thing that we've talked about in the past is that our base case typically for a variety of reasons ends up being lower than what we in fact produce in income. All of those things suggest that we'll have an opportunity to go back and be aggressive in terms of capital returns ask, until we see what actually comes out of the Fed in terms of instructions, that the definition of aggressive will have to be rather vague at this point, because as I've said despite that we're at 10 today it's really dependent on where we’re going to end up post there stress scenario.
Bill Demchak: I think you know one of the offsets if in fact we get into a surprises here as it relates to the discuss in the economy and increasing credit cost, our specialty businesses actually tend to pick up growth in stressful situation. So our plan kindly called along with our GDP assumption for moderate growth, but in a down turn scenario same way you saw back through the crisis we actually have the ability through the specialty leading to do correct -- quite well.
Bill Demchak: Tempered is one word. As it relates to tradition of bank M&A we are not interested, we are not involved there is a variety of reasons you’ve heard me talk about before. Sometime through time could that somehow change sure because forever is a long time, but today it's not on our radar. I would tell you that we have taken some small investments and syntax [ph] stuff you would had seen an announcement with EWS and Clear Exchange in partnership with six other large banks to put a P-to-P product out on a ubiquitous way to all bank clients. We are interested in distributive ledger block chain technology, we are interested in some of the corporate payments dispersement technology, none of these are big numbers. But in terms of our focus and where we think about growth opportunities in how to deploy capital it would be much more focused in that area than it would be a traditional bank deal.
Bill Demchak: The other thing you’d see if you dig through the numbers is, we’ve paid down some wholesale debt, short term funding that didn’t come for LCR and some of the -- I think there was even a sub-debt deal that deal that went [multiple speakers], which drops our funding cost helps in the, as well. So you could see that decline both as we change our funding mix but also as we deploy cash into higher yielding assets.
Bill Demchak: Part was what’s happening is the combination of a lot of the European Banks pulling back post-crisis. And then the lack of volume that’s getting through the CMVS market is continuing the opportunity for what historically has been called Life Insurance product. But basically balance sheeting term loans with good debt service coverage and loan to value ratios kind of as we hit this big CMVS maturity double plus their projects get funded and come online. So that’s kind of where we see the opportunity. The bankers will tell you and as we look at markets, we’re obviously concerned about energy heavy cities, we’re a little bit concerned about some of the technology heavy cities across all property types and that you would see that in our underwriting criteria in the step that we target to the extend we’re still doing new projects.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So combination of LCR requirements and the cost associated with LCR and simply capital regulatory capital requirements again certain types of lending only relationships caused the return to be below the standard we’d otherwise like the hold. And so we’ve shifted the mix and inside of our growth you’d actually see a lot of run-off in lower returning relationship. A lot of that shows up in what is broadly defined as the financial services space, you’ll see a lot of that in the public finance space. Where those balances have decline and frankly have somewhat masked the real growth that is underlined inside of C&IB as we’ve run those balances down.
Bill Demchak: Yes. It’s interesting, we haven’t really seen the spike in lending spreads that potentially could occur. In fact did occur in 9 -- particularly in ’09, particularly with the leverage product. Where we probably have seen some benefit as the cash flow leverage loans done to do buyouts in M&A, think middle market private equity and so forth. As the market for that has become tougher and you’ve read about the Hung’s [ph] indications, opportunities increased for our asset based lending business as a substitute for that. We’ve already seen it, it’s part of the growth embedded in there and I expect it will continue.
Bill Demchak: I think the one caveat, if we ran into a lumpy capital markets, inside our corporate services the biggest driver there is our treasury management business and we continue to grow that at a healthy clip both through introduction of new products, but also through cross sell you know down into the southeast. But this year we did have a great year inside of our capital markets activity with corporate security fees loan syndications and Harris Williams while down a bit from last year, you know this is the second best year ever. So we could see some pressure conceivably in what we would call our capital markets line. But in terms of raw size that is so dwarfed by what we do in treasury management you know we'd like to think we could outgrow it.
Bill Demchak: Sorry, let me. First off our guidance had three rate hikes, 25 each through the course of '16 and the volatility in the last three weeks you know has caused concern but hasn't caused us to be in a plan after three weeks of disruption, we'll let this play out and see where we end up. You have to -- the thing you always have to hold in the back of your mind is we're coming off of a base of zero, so we're still wildly accommodative and notwithstanding some localized stress in the economy, as you know doesn’t necessarily stop you from raising rates. You know the offset to that is that we're seeing even in some numbers today, we know the Fed is watching inflation and the inflationary numbers continue to be really benign, notwithstanding some at the margin inflation and wages where we’re seeing it from imports and other places. So we'll let that play out, but we had three increases in our plan, they happen or they don’t, it will affect their results or not, you know we'll update you as we go.
Bill Demchak: It's, I mean energy sectors broadly, but you know I wouldn't isolate that to Pennsylvania. We’re actually -- you know the localized economy here notwithstanding some reliance on coal and natural gas is actually quite strong. We see some pressure down not surprisingly into Texas and other areas on our energy book and it's starting to spread as you would expect it would into at the margin real estate and other service providers from everybody from accountants to lawyers than anybody who was in the game as the oil boom started. But you know that's kind of at the margin and beyond that I don't know that we see a particular region in the country that is standing out although I’d tell you, Mike Lyons who runs our CNIB [ph] business just finished a grand tour around the country, seen a lot of clients and kind of came back with the notion that more so than he saw in the last time he was through, he said people are feeling more margin pressure and at the margin a little lower activity than they otherwise thought they'd see at this point in the year. [Multiple speakers].
Rob Reilly: And just to add to that Erika, as you know we are well positioned to return capital to shareholders we just have to see what their scenarios are.
Rob Reilly: Yes sure, as you know we don’t give specific guidance around NIM, that’s an outcome. Our plans do call for growth in NIM, but they are largely reliant on increases and rates. Now naturally there is other variables involved in terms of pricing on loans and securities that would factor into that, but I think generally speaking if your question just sort of is where does this outcome play out if you don’t get Fed rate increases, its probably stable plus or minus the small amount.
Rob Reilly: Our plans call for really a continuation of what we have seen for a while which is continued growth on the commercial book for PNC largely in our specialty businesses. And then on the consumer side relatively flat, overall home equity, obviously some of the non-strategic working down off set by what we would expect to be a continued growth in credit card and possibly although it's smaller level auto [ph].
Rob Reilly: Sure Rob, so consistent with what we said on prior earnings calls we do have a large balance there that was largely driven by meeting the liquidity coverage ratios and given the growth in deposits and the way to year played out, those balances actually went into excess of that. We have started to put some of that to work at this past quarter, you could see in some investment securities. And probably the best way to answer your question is we could shift 10 billion of that into other high quality securities without jeopardizing the liquidity coverage.
Rob Reilly: Well, to your first part of your question Gerard in terms of our commercial real-estate. We continue to see growth there, not quite at the same levels that we’ve seen in the past years. But the big difference there and it didn’t really sit up in the fourth quarter, but it’s been happening for a while, is the shift in the emphasis in terms of what we’re lending into much, much more around the permanent lending. You can see that in our supplement and less so on the construction sides in terms of a mix. So our commercial mortgage loan balance as you can see it continued to increase quarterly and we would expect that to continue.
Rob Reilly: And Gerard, you’ll recall that was a bigger issue in the third quarter where we have more of those balances run-off. So it’s the same issue just a smaller amount in the fourth quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yes, a bit. Definitely it will have an impact on the net interest income. But the margin moves a lot slower.
Rob Reilly: Well I think, if you take a look at it, we agree we think we had a strong fee story in 2015 and I think much of what drove that we would expect to continue into '16 because this is central to our strategy, is to grow these fee businesses across the broader franchise. So if you just walk down in a bit asset management, we would expect to be able to continue to grow, I guess we have to put some parenthesis around where these markets sort of play out and it’s my earlier comments in terms of this, they continue to persist over a prolonged period that could in the short term affect that, but long term we see big growth continuing there. Consumer services, a lot of momentum we've been growing at mid-single digits and we would expect to be able to do that through time. Same with corporate services. Residential mortgage is struggling in terms of where we are in the rate cycle and everything that's going on there, but of course that's a smaller number. So I think it's pretty.
John Pancari: Just similar to the line of questioning, in terms of how we should think about spread revenue growth and the margin outlook. Can you just give us some way to think about the sensitivity if we don’t see any Fed moves, what we could think -- what we can expected by way of the margin progression as well as the spread rev? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay alright that’s helpful thanks. And then separately in terms of how we should think about loan growth beyond the first quarter, I know you indicated relatively stable for the first quarter '16 but what's a -- how are you thinking about full year particularly given some of the uncertainty on the micro back drop? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay and Bill, if I could give you one more here on the capital to deployment side, could you just remind us of your thoughts around M&A, I know you have been more tempered to terms of that outlook, but just wanted to get your updated thoughts at this point.
