Bill Demchak: Thanks Brian and good morning everybody. As you have all seen this morning, PNC reported net income of $943 million or $1.68 per diluted common share in the first quarter. Now that was down linked quarter and year-over-year as our results were impacted by weaker equity markets and lower capital markets activity which impacted our fee revenues as well as continued pressures across the energy industry which resulted in higher than expected loan loss provision. In addition to normal seasonality, the weaker equity markets impacted the equity earnings that we received from our investment in BlackRock whose results you likely have already seen today. And while our overall asset quality remained relatively stable, our loan loss provision did increase $78 million to $152 million this quarter. Now this increase is primarily related to reserves for our oil and gas and coal exposure. In spite of these factors, it was a pretty solid quarter for PNC as we continue to focus on the execution of our strategic priorities. We grew loans and deposits on a spot basis this quarter. You saw that net interest income increased linked quarter, driven by growth in core NII and importantly, noninterest expenses were down about 5% due to seasonally lower business activity but also our ongoing focus on disciplined expense management. We also saw good momentum in some of our businesses. In the corporate and institutional bank, we saw continued year-over-year growth in treasury management as we benefit from new customer wins, strong growth trends in corporate payments and repricing activities. We also maintained momentum in our underpenetrated markets, particularly across the Southeast in Chicago where we are building high-quality customer driven franchises. Wins in the core middle-market and cross sell demonstrate the efficacy of our model. Now within our retail bank, we saw good year-over-year and linked quarter growth in earnings and we continue to see improved efficiency within the business as we execute our ongoing strategy to reinvent the retail banking experience with more customers migrating to nonbranch channels for most of their transactions and the expansion over universal branch model. It was a decent quarter for our asset management group also. Inside this business, fee income was down just 4% linked quarter and 2% year-over-year, despite the weakness in the equity markets during the quarter. Meanwhile, AUA actually ticked up during the quarter as we continued to see positive flows. At the same time however, despite an increase in NII this quarter, we continue to be impacted by interest rates that remain near all-time lows and we have had to adjust to the reality of at least one less rate hike in 2016 than we previously forecast. Now, Rob will have more to say about that in a few minutes. But on the whole, although this quarter will be reported as a miss, we were solid in terms of our execution against the things that are in our power to control. Despite the hit to provision this quarter, beyond the energy book and certain exposures in the steel industry, we don't see negative trends in other areas of credit. In fact, our total nonperforming assets have declined by about $200 million year-over-year. And our core business has performed well, relative to market conditions in the ongoing interest rate environment. Now Rob will speak to the details of our guidance, but I would say as we look out at the landscape, the condition supporter view that the fundamentals remain solid in the U.S. economy. The labor market continues to improve and the tight job market is going to eventually lead businesses to raise wages, which should in turn support consumer spending. Also, we see housing and commercial construction offsetting drag from trade and the downturn in energy production. Within our businesses, we continue to make progress against each of our strategic priorities. We are working hard to continuously improve the customer experience across our lines of business and I am confident in our long-term ability to continue to create value for our shareholders. And with that I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our first quarter results and then we will take your questions.
Bill Demchak: The bulk of what you saw in terms of growth in securities actually came from TBAs that we bought in the fourth quarter when rates were a bit higher and settled into this quarter. So we kind of took advantage of when rates were at that point the tenure was well above two. Now that they have rallied back, we are kind of holding portfolio pretty constant. And if they stay where they are, through time it would actually cause that securities book yield to decline as opposed to see the growth you saw in the first quarter.
Bill Demchak: But if your question is, have we seen the end of NPLs coming from energy, the answer to that is no. Even inside of our ABL book where we might have very small charge-offs, because it's secured, we expect that we are going to have a number of credits that we are going to have to liquidate inside of that book, particularly in the services sector, which is what they bank. So you will see NPLs continue, I think, on the energy book. To the best of our ability and consistent with the SNC review, we are fully reserved for what we know today.
Bill Demchak: Look, one thing I would say about this quarter was, there was a couple of lumpy credits that you would like to think aren't going to come through like that again. But I can't promise that. I would expect that this will play out through time. This quarter we had a couple of lumpy ones that --
Bill Demchak: Yes. That's the biggest point. We dig through all related areas and reserve for those two, but beyond what we are seeing in energy and as I mentioned in my comments, some of the specialty steel guys that supply the energy sector, there just really isn't credit pressure showing up in the C&I space or real estate and certainly in the consumer space. Consumers are really strong.
Bill Demchak: Well, you are not going to see us grow the loan book inside the energy space anytime soon, I don't think. And we have been focused on dropping and we continue to focus on specifically dropping our coal book. But beyond that, we are seeing pickup, for example, in our ABL book as there is pressures in other areas of leverage lending just on ability for people to get deals done. We have seen more and more deals commendatory ABL book. If you dug into that, you would see the spreads in that book are up pretty substantially quarter-on-quarter, as we are getting pricing power back. Pricing power in growth in the generic C&I space, we will continue to win customers, but it is very competitive. And as you know, we don't really change a credit box and we remain focused on the right return on the capital we deploy. So that will display out through time.
Bill Demchak: There are so many factors in that question. One is, we have to ask for it, as you mentioned. In fact, that's the most important. But the other thing, just to remind you, we focus on the end result of the stress not the starting point. So in a benign environment, with the consistence Fed stress, we had said that we could operate below the 10% which is what you are referring to, but we got there by looking at the results post stress. I am not going to comment on this year's CCAR. We submitted it. We will wait and see what they say. But through time and the right environment, we ought to be able to drive that ratio down and the way we would do it is by going beyond the 100% in ask and again I say that through time. Fed has been pretty explicit that there isn't a hard boundary at 100% payout. So it's a question of having the right environment and asking for it.
Bill Demchak: We obviously have a buffer built into our capital policy beyond the minimum of the 4.5%. I remind you, last year in the published results and correct me if I am wrong here, Rob, but while we were well above that minimum that had the phase-ins.
Bill Demchak: Transitional calculations and of course we are always thinking towards the fully implemented when we actually run our capital plan.
Bill Demchak: I think generically what you would find is the midstream and services are more direct and since we were never into the reserve based stuff, probably more of that is participations. But we would have to dig that out.
Bill Demchak: One of the things where we struggle with is, as provision has generally been so low that single credit can double provision, just because we are operating off such a low base. So it gives us some pause, frankly, as we think out and put guidance on what provision will be a quarter out. Obviously we jumped that range from where we were a quarter ago because we were surprised by a couple of credits and thought it made sense to bring it up a little bit and widen the variance up a little bit.
Bill Demchak: No, we are not. And you know, the one place and I already mentioned it where we are seeing contagion and we have thought about this and sort of counted as part of our exposure in some cases is inside the metal space. So the suppliers to energy obviously get impacted. And that's included in some of our reserve build and frankly some of our charge-offs. We are watching, just as an aside and inside our local economy, Ohio, Pennsylvania, it's quite strong. So notwithstanding the pullback in shale and the investment, there is no particular weaknesses in the local surrounding region. We are obviously watching CRE in certain markets. You think about exposures that would be down in Texas. We have some real estate exposures down there that we are watching carefully. But thus far real estate continues to behave very well.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We still have two in there. It's a practical matter, only one matters because you the second would be, at the end of the year it would impact 2017 as opposed to what we do this year, but that is in there.
Bill Demchak: Yes. One of the issues, it's kind of a misleading number, particularly for the asset based book because the fact there is a borrowing base that they can borrow against and only up to that amount, independent of what the original line was, so while much of the DHE in the asset based book, the dry rates or whatever they are, their ability to actually draw to that amount would be entirely dependent on having valuable collateral to back that loan. So I think we are going to see as a practical matter, the outstandings, as values fall and the asset based book fall and we will see the lines fall and perhaps outstandings inside as we go through the reserved determination in the E&P book.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We are basically treading water here. So we grew when we saw the first bump in the backend, late in the fourth quarter and as things have rallied, we have effectively been replacing run-off with that and we will continue to do so until we see some opportunity here.
Bill Demchak: Yes. It really hasn't changed. The specialty segments continue to grow. Generic middle-market commercial is a tough fight. So you see growth and we would expect it to accelerate in our asset base book, perhaps in equipment finance. Obviously inside of the real estate space, we had strong year-on-year and quarterly growth, principally as a result of changing the mix from new project loans to permanent financing term loans. As your aware, that the disruption in the CMBS market and the risk retention rules coming online, have driven a lot of that product at good pricing structure towards the bank. So we would expect to see that to continue.
Bill Demchak: Everybody always want to know what inning we are in, but rather than talk about this, I will talk about what we have accomplished. We have one new data center up and running. We have got the second one basically turned on and are starting to plan out migration activities to that. We are largely through the upgrades to applications so that they can run in a virtual environment. We have done the bulk of our investments in cyber and fraud. So we are pretty far along and making good progress. I think in dollars, Rob, if you want to comment, last year was our biggest.
Bill Demchak: It's probably a year ago I made the comment and I wish I didn't, but I made the comment that we would have the technical ability in terms of having the systems ready to do an integration if we wanted to do that. But we don't want to do that. So our attitude on M&A in terms of buying other banks remains the same and that we are basically out of the market. I don't see value there. I think there is many other things that we can spend our capital on to offer better return to shareholders. Just as an aside, one of the things that I think people miss as it relates to a lot of the work we are doing in the core infrastructure is what it ultimately allows us to do with customers in terms of product offerings and customer services. We actually had an API test internally here last week where we had employees form teams and opened up all the API for our online mobile and online banking capabilities and turn them loose to create new service apps for customers, all of which is fantastic, but none of which works unless you have an environment that allows you to quickly deploy these new products. And that's what we are building and that's where I think the big benefit ultimately comes from, for all the money we spent inside the technology space.
Bill Demchak: Well, we are exactly where we were in the past. We are just not growing at the same pace. We haven't changed our credit box and everybody else has. By the way, that's a pretty consistent practice for us across all of our lending type. So we have tried to hold true to where we see real economic return in the auto book and you have seen other people, as you know, drop into the subprime space and go increasing into leasing where we don't play. But one thing that has grown for us this quarter inside of auto was actually the direct book where we have something called a check ready product, where customers, in effect, get the car loan without going through the dealer. That continues to grow at a very healthy clip. But beyond that, we see other people lengthening tenure, going subprime in terms of FICO, higher advance rates.
Bill Demchak: Well, that true in the student loan book that continues to run off, but there is two big run off in education lending as we run off the old government guaranteed book and continued declines inside of the home equity space. Largely while we continue to originate there at a healthy clip, just the size of the book that came with a combination of PNC and National City, remember they had a large national business, our production isn't keeping up with the maturities. So it's dropping as they hit maturities. We have seen drops in small business lending and largely that's around our ability bluntly to make money against some of the loans we see being made. It's a tough business to get a good return on without a lot of cross sell and a lot of that business has become loan only going to the small banks and our books declined as a result.
Bill Demchak: Yes. The file one thing is, as you know, while we have grown some residential mortgage loans on balance sheet, we haven't been balance sheeting a lot and our production isn't that much. So a lot of the consumer growth you are getting, when you look at other banks is actually coming from simply retaining self originating mortgages.
Bill Demchak: So I was specifically referring to what's going on inside of the asset based lending space. Most of the rest of C&I, frankly, somewhat illogically has held pretty constant notwithstanding what we have seen credit spreads do in the capital markets. But inside of ABL, as credits either move from being a cash flow credit get refinanced in ABL or people start to get into trouble and trip a covenant or trip something. Our ability to charge fees and ratchet spread is pretty aggressive. It's part of the original loan terms. As a fact of the matter, clients who use that product knows how it works. So I suspect they don't particularly like it. Nobody like to pay more, but that's the environment. And by the way, it is entirely consistent with many cycles we have been through in the past. ABL does really well when credit conditions get tight. That's what we are seeing.
Bill Demchak: You almost have to go sector-by-sector and credit-by-credits. So there is high-grade energy credits inside of that services book that basically can draw when they want. There is asset based credits inside of the services book and midstream who have to have collateral value to allow the draw to occur, independent of what the line is. So simplest form in asset base, I can give you $20 million line, but if you have $10 million of collateral, we probably let you draw $8 million. And of course, in the reserve based stuff, it's a function of the forward, in effect projected value of the reserves coming out of the ground that give rise to that borrowing base. So it's across-the-board dependent on credit structure and ultimately whether, as is with some of those credits, whether they are really high investment-grade.
Bill Demchak: I don't know if I can do it briefly. First off, what is going on with the merger of EWS and clearXchange, there is six banks plus ourselves who collectively purchase this, we are creating a real-time P2P payment network that's going to be ubiquitous offering that we would like to get out into every banks' hands in the country, such that whether you are a PNC client or a Bank of America client, or a Fifth Third client, you have the same app that is pre-populated with information in a secure way to allow you to make payments person-to-person. Entirely different than what we are doing at the clearinghouse as it relates to real-time payments in the potential down the road substitutability of ACH. So ACH is now gone. There is now same day ACH. You will have seen, the clearinghouse announced the build of a real-time payment system that today we envision certain use cases for, you might see it for payroll, you might see it simply when somebody wants to make a payment they don't want to wait a day on. Whether or not that takes some or all of the volume off of ACH through time, we will wait and see. But today, those are two very different things. One thing focused on consumer payments, P2P make it really easy for consumers in a secure way to move money around, the other one mostly focused sort of an institutional payments.
Bill Demchak: To be very clear, in a generic credit book, we on a portfolio basis, assume as part of our reserve an amount to withdraw diversified across a credit book. As it relates specifically to energy, we are obviously looking credit-by-credit, what might be drawn, what the reserve redetermination is going to do on all of the above. But remember inside of the generic reserving process, we have a factor as does everybody else that assumes some amount of draw and it's a function of type of client collateral, a whole bunch of different factors that go into the modeling for that.
Rob Reilly: Yes. This is Rob. See, obviously, the biggest impact to NPLs is the change in the energy portfolio, which we highlight in the slides. Underlying that, it's still pretty benign. When we take a look at the improvements on the consumer portfolios and in some parts of the commercial portfolios offsetting that. So that's why you are seeing sort of stable levels.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi, Gerard. Good morning. It's Rob. So we did submit our capital plan and as you know, in the one scenario around negative interest rates, we had buildout a plan for that. To your question around operating capabilities, we believe that we can do that. It would require some manual workarounds. But part of the drill was to be able to show that we could handle it. That doesn't mean that we anticipate it, but generally speaking, if that were to occur, we think we have got the manual workarounds to be able to support it.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, I can give you some direction in terms of the way that, at least that we think about it. You are right. At a base level, energy aside, at a base level, we have said for some time, we would expect credit cost to normalize off the very, very low levels that we experienced in 2015, that I mentioned in my opening comments, but not at a rapid rate. I think when you take a look at the second quarter, most of the variance will be driven by what results from the energy portfolio. And that's why we built that into our guidance. And inside of that, particularly as it relates to our coal portfolio, it's a specific handful of credits and how some of those might behave, the lumpiness of that is where you are going to see the variance.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure, that's a good question. So our guidance is up about 10% to 12%. And if you just sort break the components down, I will help you with that math. Asset management, as you know, is comprised of both our equity investment in BlackRock as well as our own asset management group. The BlackRock piece, as you head this morning, BlackRock had an episodic oriented first quarter. They do expect some tailwinds going into the second quarter that if go back into the normal range of what they had which they expect, you get to a 10% kind of number, maybe a little better. Our asset management business is probably in the mid to high single digits based on the pipeline. So asset management because it's weighted more toward BlackRock in terms of the second quarter in that range. Secondly, the corporate services probably growing double digit, if you take a look into that, our M&A business are markets related were down. Business pipelines are very strong there. So we would expect that to grow within the guidance range. Consumer services, which has been growing year-over-year, we expect that to continue probably in the mid to high single digits that we have experienced. And then residential mortgage which is small, coming off a seasonally low quarter, we would expect production gains, although small in absolute dollar sense to be in comfortably in the guidance percent range. So that's the math.
Rob Reilly: Of the total energy, you can extrapolate that, the total energy nonperforming loans, it has been roughly in the first quarter about half.
Rob Reilly: Well, sure. So we don't manage the efficiency ratio. We are sort of more geared toward trying to deliver positive operating leverage, which we are still positioned to be able to do. Expenses, in general, we had a good quarter. Our continuous improvement program which is designed to generate expense reductions is running a little bit ahead of where we expected to be. So that's helping out in the first quarter. But we are still guiding because of the seasonal factors and investments that we plan to make and hopefully what we anticipate in terms of higher expenses around greater levels of business for expenses to be stable in 2015 and in-line with the positive operating leverage that we anticipate.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, so our guidance was for modest increase here in the first quarter, which was $6 million. So that's one data point.
Rob Reilly: Well, in terms of the $8.1 billion, you need to break it down, obviously in the components I talked about in my opening comments. We watch utilization rates and they have been remarkably steady. So we are at roughly 35% in terms of utilization. That's where we were in the fourth quarter. And that's where we were a year ago. So we don't see any big change there. We would expect over time for some of that exposure to come down because with the redetermination that I talked about in E&P and just some of the general contraction, the utilization rates could change.
Rob Reilly: That's right. Our biggest spend, yes. So in terms of dollars in the innings, we are getting to the later innings. Of course, will pick up some of the depreciation that goes along the ways, but we are on our way and by the end of this year, Bill, that second data center will be up and running.
Rob Reilly: And then just the other two categories, auto we just talked about, which is risk management and then credit card, although it's relatively small for us, the growth has been pretty good year-over-year and we would expect that to continue.
Rob Reilly: We haven't focused a whole lot on that. Obviously we take a look at utilization for trends in terms of where they are. The percentage itself is something that you want to monitor. But again, if exposure comes down and percentage goes up, that's different than if it's the other way around.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that's a good way to put it, that it is done on an individual basis and reserved in energy and reserved appropriately.
