James Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Slide 10 is a scorecard that we have been using to measure our progress, and we've made great progress in the second quarter. Our focus now is on lowering our credit costs and growing revenue.  We're making good progress on credit. And with the completion of National City's branch conversion, we're in a better position to provide fee-based products throughout a larger franchise. Over time, we expect to increase the percentage of noninterest income to total revenue.  Our return-on-average assets in the second quarter was 1.22% and 1.12% through the first half of the year. We now have the branch conversions behind us. The passage of financial regulatory reform. With that and our strong first half performance, we have confidence to increase our return-to-average assets goal to 1.5% or greater, which is closer to our historical levels of performance. Clearly, we remain confident in our ability to achieve these strategic financial objectives over time as the economy recovers. Finally, let me update the guidance we provided last quarter on our 2010 full year forecast as compared to the prior year. This forecast assumes a slow growth economy and continued low interest rates for the remainder of the year.  First, we expect some pressure on net interest income in the second half of the year. However, we remain confident in our ability to keep revenue performance stable year-over-year. But this expectation, of course, excludes the impact of last year's BlackRock/BGI gain. Second, our overall credit quality has stabilized given the signs of improvement we are seeing. We're optimistic, frankly, that the loss provision will decline in the second half of the year, primarily because of declining delinquencies and nonperforming loans. And third, we have demonstrated our ability to effectively manage expenses. As a result, we continue to believe that our pretax pre-provision earnings will substantially exceed credit cost, and we believe we are on target to deliver a strong full year 2010 and are comfortable with the range of the second half estimates for PNC.  With that, we've been proud to announce the second quarter. We'll be happy to take your questions.
James Rohr: Well, I would say that what we've seen is the decline has slowed dramatically. And so we're still seeing some decline, but it's not like it was in over the last 18 months. And there are pockets of loan demand that we're seeing, especially in the business credit space, but the utilization rate by middle market and above companies is still at an all-time low. So I think if we're flat for the rest of the year, I think we'd be pleased.
James Rohr: I think we're more comfortable with the cost-save number that we've been able to achieve. There's no question about that. Obviously, we're optimistic about the provisioning in the second half of the year as a result of the delinquencies in the nonperforming loans, and we finally have the financial reform in place. I think we have a better handle on what that might mean to us. And so if you take out the integration expense in the second quarter, we were pretty close to 1.3% in the second quarter alone. So the idea of moving to 1.5%, I think, is something that we're comfortable that we could achieve.
James Rohr: Well, I think part of that you're going to tell me what the economy's going to do. If the economy continues to have a slow growth, I think we can achieve that over time, but over a reasonable period of time. The real question is, do we get loan growth back? If we get loan growth back, then maybe we don't get the 1.5% on assets, but net income goes up significantly. So we would actually prefer -- it's all interesting. We would prefer perhaps not to hit the 1.5% and get a low loan growth, which would enhance EPS. So it depends on how the variables work together as you well know.
James Rohr: Well, I think that when you look at the capital position, it all depends on how long, right. I think how long we have this kind of environment. And if you assume that the loan demand returns in the first quarter of next year, we'll be pretty pleased about that, and life turns out to be pretty good. If rates go up for whatever reason, which we're not expecting, I might add, our being able to invest in higher-yielding assets with our low-cost deposits is a real enhancement for the shareholders as well. If we remain in this kind of a doldrums, which we could, I think we have the ability to continue to take out cost but we're not going to bet on 2% in treasuries because that's creating another problem for yourself, so I think we have the ability to bring down credit costs or bring down operating costs in order to utilize, to generate the EPS. And the other part is, if we have excess capital, if loan demand continues to fall, I think at some point, we return capital to the shareholders.
James Rohr: Gerard, as you know, when you're selling distressed assets, you start with real estate, and you break your assets down into the A, B, C, D buckets. And you take your C and Ds and sell them as fast as you can because you never get your value back out of them. You may manage your Bs and you always hang on to your As because they recover. The same is true, I think, when we look at this portfolio. This is the worst portfolio we had, and we didn't think to, frankly, that the market would open up for such assets but we were delighted that it did. And the operating cost, as Rick said, of trying to foreclose on all this brokered home equities is very expensive. So I think we're very pleased that someone else was happy to do that.
James Rohr: Well, that depends on the loan growth. If you get loan growth on any of -- that drive NII up through the loan growth, your efficiency ratio improves dramatically. So if we get no loan growth, then your NII -- if you watch your efficiency ratio to go up, you could drive your NII down. So that's a relative statement. We would love to see loan growth come back, actually.
James Rohr: Acquisitions, we're very, very pleased with how National City has worked out for us. And someone asked the question about what you thought about it, and we paid the right price. We had the opportunity to study the assets. Actually, National City, 3x, so we understood the risk that we were taking on. And banks are sold, not bought. So a lot of us depends -- if there's a bank that we would find interesting that is for sale, we would have to have the opportunity to look seriously at it and pay the right price. All of those are key factors. I think we're fairly confident that we can integrate very well. So I mean our confidence factor around that is higher than it's ever been, but we also learned our lesson, you can't pay too much, too. So acquisitions are always opportunistic as opposed to your strategic goal.
James Rohr: You never know what opportunity comes toward you, but I think you've seen the history where we've been able to take costs out more effectively when it's adjacent to our existing franchise. So we can spread the brand and integrate efficiently. And so I think acquisitions are really driven by cost-save opportunities to begin with, and that's a key point. Buying something in Hawaii, well, I like to go there. It's probably not first up.
James Rohr: I think we have to be very careful about purchasing longer-term big trade securities. I guess it's a double-edged sword. It might be good for six to nine months but it could be very painful if rates rise, which I would expect they would, over time. If you want to talk about ever building up this capital, I hate to like -- give it all back in a bond trade.
James Rohr: Well, it'd be simply an asset purchase, Betsy. We'd look at the risk return on the portfolio like that and see what opportunities are, and some people are selling assets because of their capital position. But we would have to look at the risk, risk return first.
James Rohr: Yes, we do. And actually, we're looking at our Midland servicing book, which gives us more information on commercial real estate than almost any other opportunity. One of the things, there's a lot of commercial real estate that comes due over the next two to three years. And we have the opportunity to look at assets that where we have the cash flows in the assets, we know when the loans are going to mature or when the prepayment penalty rolls off, and we have the opportunity to go in there and refinance. I would tell you though that most of those properties won't refinance ahead of time because of the rates that are on the prior financing, because the spreads were so much narrower when five and six years ago, when they were put out in the first place. But that is an opportunity for us, yes, and we're pursuing that as those maturities come through.
James Rohr: I think there's, I mean, there's a broad answer to that question. I think what you have to look at, the risk return. There's a significant portion of our distressed -- where we believe that the asset value will be fully recovered in our current book value, and so those we would probably not want to sell in a rapid fashion. There are others, like the ones that we just sold, where clearly, they were the low end of the food chain and we're more than happy to have someone else try and recover those. So it's a really a mixed bag across the board, so it's very hard to say what level we would sell them because it depends on the return of the risk that we're taking. So I think you'll see it continue to shrink over time as it has already, but we would be opportunistic in our sales. With regards to buyers, I mean we found multiple buyers for that portfolio. So different people have different appetites, but the market is opening up. I mean there's a lot of liquidity sitting on the sidelines, and people are starting to aggressively bid on assets in a way that they didn't even six months ago. I think you saw that there were two commercial mortgage-backed securities books that are going to go public in the next quarter, so I think that really is indicative of how the market is changing.
James Rohr: We do. Thank you very much for joining us. I think this quarter was an excellent quarter for PNC, not only financially but also strategically, and we look forward to a solid second half of the year. Thank you very much.
Richard Johnson: Yes, John. I think you'll see that the cash recoveries in this quarter, that line item which are somewhat like onetime items, was $1.64 million. I'd probably predict that back to $75 million. And I think if you also look at the accretion table, you'll see that, that went up a little bit in the quarter. I'd go back to the third quarter number. So just a shorthand, I would expect the net interest income on impaired loans to drop by about $100 million next quarter from this quarter.
Richard Johnson: No, John, which is the balances of what we're able to reprice is coming down, so we've got $14 billion remaining to be repriced between now and the end of the year. A lot of that's back-end loaded. We'll get some of that in the third quarter, but we'll see a lot more of that in the fourth.
Richard Johnson: Well, we had a couple. One was the sale we mentioned, which was about $110 million, John. Additionally, in the consumer book, as we move loans and we converted all the impaired loans this quarter, we're able to take a look at some additional credit information, credit bureau data research, so we could cross match it against whether those customers had auto loan delinquencies or credit card delinquencies. And so we caught up on some of those reserves. That drove about $100 million of that reserve there. And we have some of the commercial book had a $100 million of reserve, and that was primarily real estate appraisals. So we think having gone through all that, a lot of that's been caught up, yes.
Richard Johnson: Well, it's fair to definitely include the sale. I think the others, we hope we are optimistic that, that is exactly the case. And hopefully what you're suggesting is how it'll play out, but I can't make a prediction on that.
Richard Johnson: Yes, I think the challenge is going to, clearly, low interest rate environment is going to put some pressure on that, but the real determination is going to be loan growth. If we're able to replace loan runoffs, then and then I feel pretty good about that. If we can't replace loan runoffs, then that'll be a challenge.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we're about, from the first six months of this year, it's about $215 million. So obviously, it'll only be a portion of that, that we might loose.
Richard Johnson: Yes, you had the two factors. One is the MSRs and the residential book came down about $300 million. And we also sold Red Capital, a subsidiary we had there, which also had mortgage servicing rights. So the two of those together is what the decrease is.
Richard Johnson: Yes, Mike. The 1.5% was never a specific data. It was what the business model can achieve through the cycle.
Richard Johnson: And Mike, like you, we'd all like to add more clarity on what the capital rules are going to look like, and then we all have to wait till the end of the year, presumably, to get a better read on that. So given that, we're in a position, we're growing capital. We want to be on the high end of that compare to our peers whenever determination is made around capital standard.
Richard Johnson: That's the prediction right now as to when there'll going to be clarity around Basel 3, and that's the best information we had today.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we ended up getting about 10 -- we took a provision hit for about 10% of the customer balance effectively, because it was $2 billion of customer balances that we were carrying them at around $0.60 on $1. We sold them at $0.50, that kind of thing. But then the key here is what we avoided in terms of future deterioration on some of those costs that would have come in the future, and over 8,000 loans that ultimately go to foreclosure and end up with 8,000 properties coming into OREO. I think it was the most serious delinquent book we had, and we want to get rid of that.
Richard Johnson: There was a portion that were impaired. There was a portion of nonperforming. There was a portion that was just late-stage delinquency. It was mixed.
Richard Johnson: I think, you're well aware, we don't typically target an efficiency ratio. We just think it's about continuous improvement, keep growing revenues faster than expenses.
Richard Johnson: No, I think the decline you saw on the current period was somewhat temporary, just a shift between securities and swaps and some forward purchases. So I think that's just a temporary dip. So I wouldn't look at that as a trend that we're going to start to decline our securities book.
Richard Johnson: Well, there are opportunities to purchase assets where we can to get a decent yield there. So where we see those opportunities, we'll pursue them. And ours, where loans are doing well. As I think Jim said, our Asset-based Lending business continues to have a very strong ability to originate loans.
Richard Johnson: I think that's right, David, just as you described. And then remember, we're going to take another $200 million out between now and the end of the year, running rate for the year.
Richard Johnson: Yes, it was a modest impact, probably about a third of the decrease in what you're seeing in the residential real estate in the over 90 day and did not have much impact at all on the 30-to-89 days. And it had about $135 million impact on the NPL decline.
Richard Johnson: No, we had a couple of valuation adjustments because of the low rates on some of our MSR assets, but they were all pretty de minimis. Trading was down, primarily also due to that factor because low rates and some of the valuations of our customer balances there came down a little bit. It's just nothing in particular.
Richard Johnson: We're not expecting a step up with the change in the way the calculation works. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is going to really help us out because it's now off risk-weighted assets less capital. And that if ratio we do well, while the rate will go up, the balances will come down for us.
Richard Johnson: I wouldn't always assume the purchase doesn't mean we can't complement our customer activity within our footprint or within some of the sectors we operate in.
Richard Johnson: I don't see it changing from where we traditionally have been. I think loans have been about 55% of total assets. Given our risk profile, we'd love to grow it but I don't see us going into sectors that we're not comfortable with. So I don't see that changing dramatically.
Richard Johnson: No, I think we've been looking all along through this entire period in making investments in our product and services, and we feel it's very important that we develop those today as we have an opportunity to grow this business when the market returns. So I would look at some of that will go to the bottom line, some of that will be reinvested.
Richard Johnson: No, what we did was we changed the Reg. E guidance to give it to you pretax. Previous guidance, we have given to you after tax. And I think we changed that because I think people were getting confused about the impact on revenue. It's the same number, just happens to be a pretax number.
