Bill Demchak: So what has changed and I mentioned this, I said in a somewhat purposeful way, our growth in real estate has declined to basically zero. That drove us before. What hasn't changed is our growth in loans coming from growth in new clients. And yes, you are right, the new markets are outpacing our legacy markets in terms of new clients. So if you think about that, the generic stock of C&I loans in the market can decline. But if we are taking share by growing clients, we can continue to grow on our pace of growth with new clients and therefore loans across these categories has been pretty consistent. We think we can keep doing it, particularly with the new markets we just opened in Dallas, Kansas City and Minneapolis.
Bill Demchak: And as you know, that's on the C&I side. On the consumer side, we continue to see opportunities just through execution of our existing base products without really changing risk profile and we are seeing evidence of success at that at the margin in the fourth quarter and then again in the first quarter versus kind of where we were for the last couple of years.
Bill Demchak: Well, sure. I mean you would see generically off of our base where we are kind of same low single digit growth in C&I, that's under the presumption we are basically just getting new clients. At the point where existing clients start to borrow more because they become bullish on the economy and capital expenditures increase and therefore the H8 data increases, we would benefit from that as well and I would expect we would accelerate. But we are not relying on that in our forecast.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So starting with the retail and you have to remember that we and most other banks had our core product interest-bearing accounts paying sort of above market to begin with, right. So I think our primary relationship product pays 60% or 80% or something and basically there was kind of zero beta. We did increase it all in the course of the first quarter on the back of the December rate cut inside of retail. In the corporate book, the debate is obviously running somewhat higher pushing what I guess 40% or something. But what's interesting to me inside of the corporate book and I guess we kind of expected this, but we are watching it play out is, the yields in that book are driven as much by the available yield in the government money market funds as opposed to traditionally kind of being driven by LIBOR. So if you think of all the money that ran out of the prime funds into the government money market funds, the corporate depositing cash has two choices at a bank or at the government fund and what has in effect allowed us to run a lower beta on our corporate rate paid as much as anything, in view is there are alternative inside of the government funds which are obviously struggling with the yield. Just as a side, we obviously --
Bill Demchak: Yes, through time as rate increases continue, we would expect our betas to climb. I would tell you our business forecast on what beta will be consistently is higher than what we actually end up doing. So we will watch this play out through time.
Bill Demchak: We always get this question and I actually don't even know how we fill out the survey, but as a practical matter, our credit box never really changes. So our standards are our standards. Now we will change pricing as a function of trying to protect clients and/or when we look at the potential wallet of a new client as it relates to the ability to cross sell, but the things that we will underwrite even in real estate, real estate growth has slowed, not because we changed our boxes much as the available projects in the foreseeable projections inside of what we are seeing aren't as attractive as they were.
Bill Demchak: I mean some of our fee businesses, particularly in C&I, I think Harris William had a quarter and Solebury had a record first quarter. So probably some upside inside of the fee categories as well, just given the activity in the markets.
Bill Demchak: And just a couple of other comments. In auto, you will start seeing differentiated growth rates. In fact, you already see it between our direct product and our indirect product line, particularly as we roll in the second quarter our mobile application for product we have called Check Ready where the consumer can fund it inside the dealership. And just a point on home equity. As Rob said, our origination volumes are actually pretty good. But we continue to deal with runoff going all the way back to National City acquisition where they had a national business that simply started with a larger book than we would, in the ordinary course of our footprint, be able to replace. So that's why we, notwithstanding actually executed pretty well, we continue to see balances drop.
Bill Demchak: Well, actually, it hasn't been slow as it relates to the bank's readiness to launch the product and I don't want to get into a whole lot of detail, because there will be announcements on this. But we wanted to make sure before we launched en masse that we had the ability to service clients who banked at a bank who wasn't directly hooked up. And I will kind of leave the comment at that. But basically, we are all cued up and ready to go and we are kind of waiting just to piece together a few more things and make announcements on it.
Bill Demchak: A couple of simple comments. You will recall that swap spreads had been negative kind of five years out for the better part of the last year. So in effect what that meant is you could buy treasuries and swap them to floating and are in LIBOR plus something owning a treasury and we in fact did a lot of that inside of our securities book. So this quarter, part of our duration add was simply removing those swaps. So we just now take again on we just now own the fixed rate treasury and then in addition just receiving fixed swaps now that spreads have gone positive and doing that relative to owning a treasury outright. So it's a combination of both. We have room to do a lot more. We are always sort of in the course of thinking through our available investments as it relates to what we can do inside of LCR and swaps are obviously cash friendly and for the first time in a long time offer attractive carry relative to some of the other investments that are level on securities.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We don't really mess around with our liability side in the sense that we swap our issuance and leave it. You will see it actually show up in the loan yields inside the C&I book because we point the receipt fixed swaps at the floating rate C&I loan. So we talk about sort of 60% of our book being floating rate. That 60% is impacted by the fact that we swap some of those loans into fixed rate and that will move up and down through time as a function of relative value.
Bill Demchak: I would say, yes. Although I will qualify that slightly with the notion that part of our yield increase in the securities book this quarter came from a decrease in amortization expense as a function of the slowdown in prepayment speed on mortgages. So that may or may not continue driven by yields in the back end of the curve as opposed to what the front end is doing.
Bill Demchak: It's a fair question, but the answer is, we are not really seeing anything different. I mean we compete market-by-market as a function of, we try to offer in our prime relationship product an attractive rate relative to peers. But that rate is pretty consistent. One of the things we have done over the course of the last six or nine months is kind of move away from promo rates we have been offering in our money market product to get ahead of this whole LCR thing. So we paid up and we got a lot of deposits [indiscernible]. We have moved away from that. By the way, we have held onto the vast majority of those deposits, but we have moved away from that and basically have been moving them into our core interest bearing MMDA product that goes along with our premium accounts and that seems to be working well for us. But we are not going into the Southeast and saying, we have got a pay a quarter more for deposits than we are able to pay in Pittsburgh.
Bill Demchak: And that's consistent across kind of the new balances we are putting on as well. So I don't know that I would read anything into that other than one of the things you should see and we have said this for years, as the economy picks up and people start investing in capital, so you ought to see that utilization rate go up. It's still very low by historical standards.
Bill Demchak: We have managed to continue to grow the book, albeit at a slower pace staying within the credit bucket that we have been in the whole time.
Bill Demchak: Well, we are seeing higher yields simply because the rates are going up but not higher spreads per se risk adjusted. Again, we are playing, I don't know what the average FICO is on that book but it is something 40 or so. Well, that's high. So we are playing at a very high level of prime. The place where you are hearing about people increasing spreads, not surprisingly, is in the subprime space and some of the long dated leasing space, given pressure on used car prices, but we are not in either of those businesses. So it really hasn't affected our peer spread market.
Bill Demchak: It was basically what we bought. So inside of that relatively flat number was in fact a whole bunch of replacement of run-off. Our yield on replacement is kind of a push to what is running off. So we are in kind of a good place to the extent the curve stays where it is. Now you would say, why is a tie good. The tie is good because for most of the last couple of years, we have been replacing at lower yields than it had been running off.
Bill Demchak: Look, we are opportunistic. Some of that liquidity as an aside was some what we think might be short-term money. But we will be opportunistic as we have been and leg into higher rates inside of the securities book. I would tell you, in addition to some of the swap activity and replacement activity, we have some TBAs that will roll on into the second quarter and settle that you will see that were purchased back at higher yield. So we will watch it. We are at a point right now where we are in a bit of a rally in the longer end because of some geopolitical stuff and other things, notwithstanding the commentary coming out of the Fed as it relates to their discussion on the balance sheet run-offs. So you have kind of two competing factors on things that might ultimately drive the long end of the curve here.
Rob Reilly: And hi John, this is Rob. I will just add to that. I think that's the key point, the steady pace that we have been on for some time, we expect to continue.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure John, this is Rob. So on auto first, we have a high quality book, as you know. Total outstandings $12.3 billion. Our book is comprised of majority of FICO scores well above 700 and average tenor is 68 months. And importantly, we are not in the leasing business. So we feel pretty good about that book. On the retail related exposure, particularly looking at it through the lens of sort of this ecommerce encroachment that is in the news, we take a look at that really in sort of three buckets and we feel good about it. The traditional retail number in terms of outstanding, so taking out grocery stores, auto dealers, convenience, just focusing on the traditional retail, our outstanding are just below $8 billion, $7.8 billion and are in three buckets, primarily three buckets. The first and the largest, $4.7 billion is on our commercial real estate book. We feel good about that portfolio. It supports over 400 projects diversified geographically. The vast majority are stabilized and feel good about that. 10% is construction. And there is a handful of malls in there, all of which Class A or A-plus super regional malls and of course secured in all of those facilities. The other two categories are actually outside of commercial real estate and in our commercial book. The first of that is to equity REITs, real estate investment trusts. We landed 30 reads and feel good about that. They are all high credit quality, very low leverage. Our top three exposures are well-capitalized national developers. So feel good about that book. And then the second component of the commercial book, the third of the total, is $1 billion in loan outstandings straight to retailers. The industry classification is department stores, payroll, specialty and general merchandise. And so that classification, we have $1 billion of outstandings. Of that $1 billion, $300 million is noninvestment grade or asset based. So we have got our eye on that. Pretty small in terms of numbers. All that said, the portfolio is performing well. We monitor it all the time. And where reserves need to be taken, we have taken.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I can do that, Gerard, without naming names. It's not retail related. It's actually a wholesaler grocer credit and it is fully secured.
Rob Reilly: And that's really true of our philosophy all around. That's why you see this cyclical differential growth rate.
Rob Reilly: It's the former. It's a function of the March rate increase which we blend into our guidance. Now we still feel good about the fees and the noninterest income but that's still in the mid-single digit range.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Well, some of it reflects some seasonality along those lines. But if you just go through the consumer categories, home equity despite declining balances our originations are actually very good and as high as they have been. So we are encouraged by that. Credit card balances were sort of flattish but we expect those to pick up. You asked about auto. I think there will be some growth in auto, but consistent with our high credit quality box. And then education is in run-off mode.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi Jon, it's Rob. So on our home lending transformation, we are progressing well. As you know, 2017 is sort of the work here in order to get our systems in place, which will be completely front-end to back-end in terms of originating, fulfilling and servicing. So we are excited about it. We are working hard on it. The financial impact of most of the benefits will be, as you know, in the outer years, so beginning in 2018 and beyond. But so far so good.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Maybe an easier way to do it, John, is just take our full year guidance that we gave in January, which at that time anticipated a June and December hike. You with me? And then add to that the March increase, which I approximate $150 million, worth $150 million.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Particularly in our core middle market business where the utilization rates are lower than historical averages.
