Robert Reilly: Yes. So, the guidance overall is for stable fee income, Scott. Within those components, we see asset management and consumer services up a bit. Corporate services and residential mortgage maybe down a little bit. Corporate services, because of the elevated M&A fees and residential mortgage more due to seasonality and a little bit of drop off in the refinancing volume.
Robert Reilly: Hey, Betsy, this is Rob. So, we’ve read what you’ve read, which are sort of the proposed changes. In general, on the margin, we see them as maybe being beneficial to us, but of course, they’re not final. At first blush, in terms of some of the calculations, in terms of the proposed stress capital buffer, it looks like it’s a little bit more than what ours has been in the past. But we haven’t begun our capital planning for next year per se. So we’ll just have to address those issues when the rules become final so to speak. On the dividend soft cap on that release that will be part of our consideration. We saw that – we see that as a good thing, and that will be part of our thinking.
Robert Reilly: Yes, it’s the way that you want to do that there in terms of. So, 2.5% is more than what our stress test there.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Well, I would say in terms of our expectations, I think are the expenses that increase quarter-over-quarter were in line with our guidance in terms of being stable, because it wasn’t much. And the incremental amount around the FDIC surcharge, obviously, is a higher expense. So that’s sort of a quarter-to-quarter comparison. Like…
Robert Reilly: Some business activity, yes, that’s right. But I – you pointed out correctly, what we really focus on is the year-over-year. We’re still – our guidance is still for stable. So in any given quarter, we can have timing of things, particularly around the investments in our business. So it’s not uniform quarter-to-quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yes. We’re not in a position to give 2017 guidance yet. We’re in the middle of our budgeting process for that. So, we’ll have more on all of that for you at the end of the year. I will say though the continuous improvement program has been a important tool for us, and that will continue, as you know, it’s essentially generating savings that we used to fund our investments.
Robert Reilly: Well, you’re right. So at the completion of 2016, we’ll have about 550 universal branches out of the roughly 2,600, so that percentage is right. We like what we see in terms of the results there and we’re going to continue to improve that mix. But again, we don’t have the specific 2017 guidance in terms of a fixed number.
Robert Reilly: Well, it’s – yes, it’s a little bit of a mix. The majority of that is in our asset-based group, which is secured lending. And many of those instances, although, they weren’t per se energy companies, they served energy companies. So by extension, it was energy related.
Robert Reilly: No, I don’t think so. I think, we believe that as I said in my opening remarks, we’re appropriately reserved and we take all that into consideration.
Robert Reilly: Well, again, we’re not going to get into 2017 guidance. As I mentioned, we’re in the middle of our budgeting process. We have said before and we say again that, our objective is positive operating leverage over a multi-year time period and thought about in terms of our strategic plan, we see a path of positive operating leverage outside of rates.
Robert Reilly: There was an earlier question in terms of the effect of some of the changes. We think we’re appropriately reserved in terms of our provision guidance, it’s all – all of what we expect to happen in oil and gas is part of that.
William Demchak: Yes. We actually don’t expect a big change. We’ve kind of said stable, but slower growth for a while, and that’s what we’ve experienced and kind of what we see in the pipeline into the fourth quarter. I mean, I think, Rob can jump in here. If we look at the mix, we still got some growth on a large corporate on the back of M&A. We interestingly, for the first time in a while, saw some healthy growth in middle market which we hadn’t seen for a while, continue to see real estate balance growth. So it’s – on the C&I side, it’s kind of steady as it goes. And I’m not exactly sure, what’s happened with peers and with the H8 data. But as it relates to what we’re able to do with existing and new clients, we seem to be on a steady path.
William Demchak: I mean, depending what you do with it, right? So all of it in theory could go into level one securities…
William Demchak: All the Fed balances, yes. And then some subset of that, I don’t remember the percentage, Rob, that can go into level two.
William Demchak: Yes. And one of – just as an aside, one of the things you saw, the securities build this quarter, you’ve heard in Rob script that we asked to swap some of it. It’s probably something we will continue to do simply, because where swap spreads it flat or negative levels, you’re effectively taking treasuries at LIBOR plus and with LIBOR at an elevated level, you’re earning more than you are at the balances of the Fed. So that drove a lot of what that security shift was this quarter, and you might see us continue to do that.
William Demchak: Well that’s one of our strategic focuses and we’ve talked about that at a recent conference, where we think we have opportunity simply through better execution of our existing products faster fulfillment make it easier for customers, not really having to change your risk spots. Maybe some of that attitude flowed through to the volumes we saw this quarter. But we’re in early stages and many of the changes we’re going to make and most of that will take hold as we get into kind of 2017 and even out into 2018. I hope it’s an inflection point, but I don’t know that I’d lock that down.
William Demchak: Yes, I just think in terms of the quarter, I mean, obviously, the biggest increase in fee income came on the asset management side in part reflecting the higher equity markets. On the corporate services, we were down a little bit and most of that was related to the CMS, our valuation in the second quarter. So we’re moving along consistent with our objectives, as you know, Gerard, in terms of the strategies that we’ve laid out. So I would expect that to continue, but you might have some anomalies quarter-to-quarter.
William Demchak: And then as far as the fourth quarter goes, I don’t know if you heard on the first question just in terms of what we see relative to our guidance around stable probably up a bit in asset management and consumer services, offset by some corporate services and residential mortgage.
William Demchak: I don’t – in many ways what they created and I’ll admit up front that I’m not expert on the proposal and it’s not inked yet. But as I read through what it look like to me is what we actually have always done in the sense that you’ve heard me talk about, we start kind of from the bottom up, as it relates to the amount of capital we want to hold. So we run the stress against, but effectively being able to pass the severely adverse and then set a buffer on that, say, that’s the capital we’re going to hold now. As you know, we’ve been running a little bit above that. These new changes, the combination of the ability to truncate your capital actions the fact that they’re not going to grow your balance sheet in the back, and so your RWA is down. And the fact that our, at least, most recent loss has been below their 2.5 % kind of give us a lot room here.
William Demchak: But we’ve got to get all those sort of modeled up to see the puts and takes and actually see the final rule. But all else equal, as Rob said at the start, we think that’s probably pretty good thing for us.
William Demchak: Sure. Specifically, what we talked about is a longer-term project basically streamline the fulfillment of many of our consumer lending products, make it easier for our customers, make it more digital. And we kind of opened ourselves up to our own criticism on the speed at which we do things today and the business we lose because of it. On a prior question somebody said have we seen a turn in a corner and will we grow consumer from here? And I don’t know that that’s the case. But we have seen and continue to see growth in credit card in an auto. And importantly, inside of auto, we’ve seen continued accelerated growth in direct auto through our Check Ready product, which I guess and I think it’s in the first quarter of next year, we’ll actually have on mobile. So, I think this will accelerate through time, but it’s not something that’s going to make a dramatic difference in the first-half of 2017. It’s just there and something we can execute on over the next couple of years that we think long-term we’ll have a pretty material difference in our ability to change the growth trajectory of consumer lending.
William Demchak: Independent of rates and that was kind of the theme of that we went through in a conference that’s how can we do it without the help of rates. And that comes on the back of some of these initiatives inside of consumer lending and the continued growth we’ve seen in fees, which we think we can keep doing.
William Demchak: Not really. Our real estate business has been fairly consistent for a number of years, where we kind of work with Class A developers and markets and products and that continues. Now, we have seen a slowdown in the origination of new projects and a pickup of balance related – balances related to permanent lending. So think of the product that historically might have gone into CMBS is now being structured more like what we would call life insurance product, much lower leverage, better loan to value, and you’ll see that in our permanent lending line. So we’re not seeing stress. In fact, our portfolio actually on a credit metric basis continues to improve. We would tell you that we monitor it pretty closely. We’re clearly seeing some signs of weakness in multifamily. In a couple of markets, we see some signs of weakness down in Houston on the back of oil and gas. But against our book, we feel pretty good about it.
William Demchak: Yes. I mean part of the thing you have to remember is provisions have been so low relative to historical standards that to try to pinpoint inside of that range, we just can’t do it, because it’s one credit that’s going to move it.
