William Demchak: I don't want to spend a whole lot of time on 2020, but since I talked about it before, we haven't seen a dramatic change. So we talked about kind of down 1% I think on forwards. It's maybe a little bit worse than that today, but not a whole lot.
William Demchak: Yes. I mean, two separate thoughts. So the middle market expansion, we've kind of talked about a three-year breakeven per market and if anything, we're kind of running ahead of that. And of course is we go through the aging of the markets we've entered a handful of years ago, they start coming online on an accelerated basis, which is one of the things you're seeing show up I guess in some of our loan growth.On the retail side, at this point, it's clearly a net investment, but what we would tell you is that the solution centers we're building are breaking even probably a bit faster than a traditional de novo branch, even though they are paying, in effect market-leading rates.So the deposit growth rate is 3x and 4x and 5x higher in some cases than what we would typically see. But that whole investment on the retail side at this point is an investment and is a net drain. But it is something long-term that I think is important for our franchise.
William Demchak: Yes. The one thing I'd mention, we obviously have a large buyback ongoing today and part of what we will need to do work on in the 2020 CCAR is to look at the actual impact post stress of some of these changes. So we have a benefit on a spot basis as Rob said net 55 including AOCI. But we actually benefit a bit more in a severe stress because of the larger bucket in the sin bucket effect, but we need to work that through.
William Demchak: Yes. So in effect, our target ratio has the opportunity to decline from what we've said historically, but we'll have guidance on that as we get into the new year.
William Demchak: I think it can. I mean part of what gives us the degree of confidence we have is just the market expansion that we've done. So we've been able to grow in effect by pulling share in newer markets without having to push on credit risk or other levers. And importantly we've been able to grow fees concurrent with growing clients. So I think that's – I think that will continue. For the overall economy, the consumer is holding it up today as manufacturing weakens and we'll see how long that is sustainable.The final comment I'd make and I appreciate your comment on the fact that the forward curve swinging all over the place. We put a NII guidance and part of the issue of course is in the course of the last week, we've seen a Fed move get taken off the table, put back on the table, taken off.And so when I get a question as to what NII is going to do next year, the best way I'd answer it is to say that no matter what happens here, it's not a big move from where. We're not dependent on it. On a given day last week, I would have told you that it would have been down less than 1%, but the day after that it was going to be more.
William Demchak: Yes. So it isn't critical to our business model at this point. We can obviously survive it. We feel really comfortable about growing clients and the related portfolio of products that we serve those clients with which gives us good fee momentum.
William Demchak: I think that people who – participants who pushed on credit to get deals struggle when there is any slowdown at all, and of course, we've seen that in manufacturing. So it's starting to show up in some of the credit stats. We didn't push on that box to the extent that the economy slows and our clients get downgraded, we will have elevated provision through time, but we just really haven't seen a crack with systemic risk across any part of our portfolio.
William Demchak: You know our criticized and classified stuff is out there, it's probably what we disclosed to you. But bizarrely our corporate guys would probably – or not probably, they would definitely tell you that a slowdown ultimately helps that business, might hurt in the immediate term, but asset-based lending spreads increase business volumes.
William Demchak: Yes, less competition across the whole space. So we're fine with where we sit. It's the same book we've had for the last 15 years.
William Demchak: I'll start right, you can jump in. I think and you've heard us talk about this. We aren't fighting for deposits per se today. So in our loan to deposit ratio, it's kind of around the level it's always been, in the low 80s. We have taken down our rate on the national digital strategy, so we're not one of the top posters there. We have been able to lower consumer promo rates and still grow deposits in households the way we want to. So it seems to be working.The one thing I would tell you is that the one place where we see a lot of competition. We saw it throughout the third quarter and continuing, is in small business banking where rate paid for small businesses, which give rise to a big chunk of deposits that are sort of retail like is really high. And that's one of the reasons our deposit cost didn't decline as much as they otherwise would have in the third quarter. But that's the one spot I can think of.
William Demchak: The other thing that's rolling through everybody's income statement to one degree or another is amortization cost on mortgage-backed securities, so the premium amort. And we actually benefited a little bit in the third quarter versus what we thought we would have because rates sold off. So that I think that's going to drive a lot of people and that will impact us at the margin as well, which is of course longer-term rates, the 10-year more so than what's happening in the front-end.
William Demchak: No, I mean at the end right, if the 10-year trades around 150 for the – I'm making up a number for the quarter, prepays are much higher, if it's up in the 70s, they're much lower. We put a forecast out there, it was somewhere in between, so that that swings around $5 million or $10 million either way. And we have a small mortgage book relative to others. So I think that's an industry phenomenon right now that's causing –forecasting this number would be a little tough.
William Demchak: It will vary around there. It was just – it's something most of our peers have done in the past. We just kind of moved it over and offered it to our clients. So maybe it will grow with our client franchise, but not beyond that.
William Demchak: Yes. And they own the monies – another way to answer the question, we basically won't be in the manufacturing business except for some small short-term liquidity funds that we ground for corporates in the institutional side.
William Demchak: The only – I mean look, it's been muted and we're hearing that from our customers is they're cautious in this environment the way you would expect them to be. And we have seen for what it's worth, given the recent rate rally a lot of hedging activity.One of the things, it's inside of our other line, Rob is our capital markets, FX and derivative activity and that has picked up a lot, which is a big driver fees inside the other line. But no, there hasn't been a turnaround in sentiment on the corporate side, small business is different. They are still bullish, the consumer is still bullish. But the larger corporate is holding back and we're seeing that.
William Demchak: I don't know how to answer that question inside of four hours. Mike, I think, what technology has enabled us to do is to continue to grow the franchise without growing the kind of core cost base. And you're starting to see that show up on the positive operating leverage we have.There is a million little benefits that we get that are too numerous to name from everything on how fast it is to spin up a server to how quickly you can change an app and release it to the offerings we have for our commercial clients and Pinnacle on our TM side on – all of these statements at the margin make a difference.The savings we are getting, finally, out of the mortgage business have been replaced the servicing and origination platforms there and the digital experience we're offering to customers. So technology is showing up everywhere in the way we service our customers, and it's showing up in our operating leverage simply because it's allowing to scale without a commensurate in cost.So maybe that's the simplest answer I can give you. I know you're asking what your technology had on. So I'll spend a second on what we're doing in core data center and cloud and cloud hybrid.We have chosen for the time being to basically run a hybrid model. So we have an internal cloud, we have the capability through a container layer to burst through to public cloud when we need it for excess compute, for test environments and other things where it's efficient to do so.We will run that hybrid model. Our plan is into the future. We do not see a benefit in cost savings by going to pure cloud at least in an environment that we think we want to operate in, as it relates to security and soundness and safety in cyber and so forth.And we are – as you know we are – we've been at this for the better part of probably seven years now. So most of those investments are kind of behind this and you're also starting to see that show up with the decrease in the acceleration of our equipment point.
William Demchak: Mike, apps don't run in the cloud. I'm thinking of an app as a digital app and application runs in a cloud, virtually 100% of our applications to date are cloud enabled. So we're cloud native for everything. Our choice to put it in a public cloud is our choice. It is not a decision to – or works that we have to do to enable that application to then run in a cloud.
William Demchak: I think it will be a small percentage. We'll certainly use it for some of our test environments where we need compute and test tend to have the potential to take service time…
William Demchak: And there are certain of our non-critical information applications that we could choose to run in the cloud, and of course we have vendors who run in the cloud. And I should clarify, Mike, we still are dependent for certain applications on mainframe and that is the last not to crack for banks to get some of their core operations off of mainframe and we are not entirely there yet.
William Demchak: The only thing that I think is perhaps different is on the mortgage side, the residential side, just the volume that we're doing through the new technology. So our volume is up, I don't know what the percentage is quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year.But high percentages and frankly without kind of the new system running in the background, we wouldn't have been able to do that volume. So that's probably the only real change. We've been at the credit card game largely converting our existing clients to our lending products, we've been at that for a long period of time and continue to have success.
William Demchak: Yes, delinquencies are up at the margin, partly due to seasonality, but also partly due to some vintages a year or so back and inside of our risk band, but at the lower end of prime and it's likely we'll dial that back in terms of originations.In truth, we've already done that also. I don't know that you're going to see that slowdown our growth. It's just we won't be in the bucket that's causing the roll forward in the spike of delinquencies you're seeing.
William Demchak: Well, it is not pricing. We don't differentiate in pricing new markets or old markets or established markets. Look we hire really good people, and we're very patient. So what you're seeing is today as a result of seeds that we planted three and four and even five years ago, if you go back to some of the stuff we've done in the Southeast, we hired good bankers, we call, we have good ideas, we eventually get a shot.And then our TM product is such that once you get in the door, we have the ability to continue to show new ideas, we're always working with them and the ability to kind of up-sell the initial offering given all the products we have in TM is pretty strong.Through time, we moved from being a participant in somebody else's credit deal to being rightly the left lead and we just – this just played out for us. You start with good people, you are consistent, you show good ideas, you have good products and services.You pick the right clients to begin with, so that when we enter a market, we know the top 50 clients we want to bank. We don't get the 50 that will have us. So we will be very patient to get the right 50, and we've been at this for a while. So it's starting to play out.
William Demchak: As you said, Peter, how many markets did we open since Mike started this? We've grown from 12 to 30 and we are 20 – so we've opened 10. So we basically have been you think about the investment we put into it, right? We invested dollars, negative carry on 10 new markets and people and community support and everything else and we're finally starting to getting the return on that investment.
William Demchak: It's all over the place. I mean we do less on the commercial side, the smaller commercial more on the mid market to large corporate. But I'd tell you one of us, one of our largest wins this year was a Fortune 100 company in a new market. So it just depends. We happen to have a solution that that particular…
William Demchak: I mean, I don't know. You can come up with so many iterations. Look, our margin, I was looking at this the other day. Our margin coming out of the crisis was 408 including our accretion accounting. So give me low provisions and the right interest rate environment now…
William Demchak: Yes. We'll show you a return on assets that's high. I think through time, right drivers, take the interest rate curve out for a second. I think through time our growth in fees continues. And that if anything becomes a larger percentage of what we do, which in turn will drive up our ROA all else equal across the interest rate environment and the basic notion that we aren't changing our credit mix. But whether you can go from where we are today to 150 is dependent, I think more on the yield curve than what we can do in fees.
William Demchak: Yes, and it is the right question. But I think we owe you further guidance on that and I'm just not going to give it until we get into the fourth quarter and start working on next year's CCAR. I mean obviously we could buy it down quickly, I don't know if that is the best thing to do for shareholder value long-term.I think notwithstanding the near-term ROE impact, the practical implications of carrying excess capital that's what we – if that's what we choose to do, is it material long-term as long as we don't waste that capital, right?We're good stewards of the capital. So whether we buy it down in a hurry or we do it through the course of the year, we'll get to the right place, and we'll do it intelligently and we'll give you more background on that as we start to work on CCAR 2020.
William Demchak: Well the biggest one right now is the opportunity that might be presented by some of the chaos in the market. If in fact and I don't, we don't believe this to be the case. But if in fact there is a slowdown, we'll use that slowdown to accelerate. I think there'll be a lot of opportunities for us to do that.So I'd hate to be in a place where for the sake of driving up ROE near-term, a few cents per share, that's, that we get from buyback, I'd hate to be in a place that we can't take strategic advantage of a slowdown to grow assets and clients and so forth. But that's the biggest one.
William Demchak: First to clarify, we haven't been using CDs. It's kind of been posted money market rates and how and we're in the course of our sort of experimentation across markets. We've probably grown 20% to 25% of our total clients in straight traditional DDA account, our Virtual Wallet product.So that's less impacted by rates, obviously the yield seekers will be less active in a lower rate environment and we take that into account as we think about this going forward. It's one of the reasons why we continue to think our branches matter. It's one of the reasons brand matters. It's one of the reasons feet on the ground matters. So all of that stuff we're thinking about as we plan for the future.
Robert Reilly: Hey, John, it's Rob. Yes, absolutely. For 2019, we feel very good. We've run with positive operating leverage all year and we expect to complete that for the full-year. 2020, it's premature. We haven't started our budgeting process yet, so we haven't worked through at all. So don't have anything for you this morning on that, but we'll get to it later in the year, and certainly in our fourth quarter earnings call.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure Erika. This is Rob. So yes, so the tailoring rule is largely favorable from a capital perspective. The threshold sort of relief adds 70 basis points. As of now, you have to subtract 15 for AOCI presuming that you opt out, which is a fairly good assumption. But we haven't made that decision yet.I think in regard to what our plans are for that capital, once the rules are finally implemented, which we expect to be somewhere in the early part of 2020 that would coincide with our CCAR process. So we would take it up then in terms of what we would do from that new – at that time official higher capital position.
Robert Reilly: I think, Scott, it's a good question, and you're right. Historically that we had some volatility in that category quarter-over-quarter, but it tends to average out at around $300 million. So if you look at the last three quarters of 2019, and then the previous four quarters in 2018. You do that average, it's around $300 million. Our low I think was first quarter of 2018, which was $249 million, and our high was second quarter of 2019, which was $364 million.So that just gives you a sense of the order of magnitude, but it averages out around $300 million. I'm guiding up for the fourth quarter above that because of the announced sale of our proprietary mutual funds, which is about that magnitude. So we're going up about $50 million, yes that $300 million to $350 million, and that's why, everything else is, as we would expect.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Well, I think that's – yes, that's clearly an impact. It's also – just a lot of the moves that we made following the July rate cut are starting to take hold. So on the consumer side, you're just going to see rates that – actions we've already made now show up in full force in the fourth quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yes, maybe John. I mean you're on it. That's the calculation. I think the biggest variable would be one month LIBOR and how that affects our commercial loan yields. I think that's the biggest sort of unknown variable, and we'll have to see.
Robert Reilly: Yes, a little. Yes, still loan growth, more in line with our strategic plan, which is lower mid single-digits.
Robert Reilly: Well, so I'll jump in on some of that and see if that answers your question. I think on the loans – the spot being below the average was entirely due to the multifamily sort of seasonal spike and some activity spike that we saw in the third quarter. So our loan guidance for the balance of the year, the fourth quarter is up approximately 1%. So we account for that, we see good activity coming up off those spot numbers in the fourth quarter. And then on deposits, we like deposits, more deposits are good. The AMG sweep was a bit of a one timer, but everything else is in line with what we would have expected.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, I'm sorry. The loan guidance is off average, believing with the spot, we will make the average.
Robert Reilly: Well, so it's – within our asset management group, we have three segments: PNC Wealth Management, our Institutional Investments and Hawthorne, which collectively we manage in excess of $300 billion in assets for our clients.So the sale of the proprietary business, Matt, was really something that was a return to our past, prior to a lot of the acquisitions that we made. When I ran the business, we didn't have proprietary mutual funds. We were committed to open architecture, which we still are.Through the acquisitions that we made and maybe this is more than you want to know, through the years we pick those up and they were – they were good, but our core philosophy is advisory and the open architecture is much, much more conducive to that.
Robert Reilly: Sure, sure. Just on the fee side by category, for approximation, in asset management we'd expect to be sort of stable, maybe up a little bit. Consumer services up a bit, consistent with what they've been doing for some time on a quarterly basis.The big driver for the fourth quarter in terms of our increase will be on the corporate services side, which typically has a higher fourth quarter and our pipelines would indicate that. And then mortgage is probably stable to down a little bit just because of the – our MSRs and maybe some margin compression.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, they're both acting pretty well, and yes, treasury management of course. Yes, so there is – treasury management is the largest component. But sometimes seasonal or quarterly variances come more through Harris Williams than M&A advisory and capital market.
Robert Reilly: That's the biggest driver. We've had a strategic objective to grow our consumer loan book, which was and still is under penetrated relative to what we can do, so strong growth in card, auto, residential mortgage reflecting that.
Robert Reilly: And I would add to that and we've covered this on previous calls that so called top 50 that we've targeted that Bill pointed out, the receptivity of those companies to our calling effort is very high. So, once you are accepted and that receptivity is encouraged then we're just running our players like we do everywhere else. We know how to compete. The key is the ability to have that dialogue.
Robert Reilly: I think it is entirely similar like you said, as those new markets would be there, and then the legacy just the lower end isn't there. So it's middle market and above.
