Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob, and I should say this straight up for the call, we're going to refrain from 2016 guidance, but I can give you a general sense. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we do have built into our plans the rate rise in December. Admittedly that's a close call. The revenue impact of what happens in 2015 or doesn't happen in 2015 is pretty insubstantial. In 2016 it does become substantial as you know, and if in fact rates don't rise, it will just make growing revenues that much tougher in 2016 than it would be if rates did in fact rise.
Robert Q. Reilly: I'll let you know just in terms of the expense discussion, it's been – expense management has been a focus point for us and we've been doing pretty well. Our philosophy has been these last couple of years to in effect take the expense savings that we're generating to fund the investments that we are making in technology and the retail bank transformation. We expect those investments to continue into 2016. We will have a continuous improvement program in 2016. We are not there yet in terms of numbers because we haven't done our budgeting, but the philosophy will be the same.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I would just add that our [economists points out] [ph] that the lower gas prices are a net benefit to PNC in most of the markets on the consumer side.
Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob. Continued strong performance, very consistent with say the trajectory that we've been on, we're pleased we're up and running in each of those markets with our full model, our brand awareness in those markets is approaching our brand awareness in our legacy markets, and just about in every category and in every business the growth rates are accretive to our legacy businesses, in some cases just by the nature that it's a relatively small base but also consistent with what we intended to do there.
Robert Q. Reilly: We've done a little bit, Gerard, not to the same extent that J.P. has. I saw and heard those same comments. Again, less than 2% of our total commercial loan book, less than 1.5% of our total loan book, so relatively small dollar amount. So we have done some stress testing at various price levels and nothing major in terms of outside relative to the enterprise.
Robert Q. Reilly: As you know we don't have an explicit target in terms of the efficiency ratio. We do have a disciplined expense management effort in place which is in terms of our guidance going to work our year-over-year expenses down a bit. So I think generally efficiency ratio, we are in the neighborhood that we are now and are likely to be there, a substantial step-down in that we are going to need some help from rates.
Robert Q. Reilly: Ken, just what we just said there on the last question, we don't have a 2016 number for you but by definition it will be less than the decline we experienced this year which is the 180 to 200.
Robert Q. Reilly: That's a good approach. The delta is around the recoveries as you know which can be plus or minus 15 million or so.
Robert Q. Reilly: I don't think so, Ken. I think we guide to 300 which I think is the number that is the best number going forward. We see a lot of volatility in terms of those basis points because they are relatively small numbers, but the prior quarter at 3.20-ish down to 2.80-ish was all a result of the combination of that delta between the fair value marks and the RMSR hedge gains that Bill referenced. Loan production and servicing were actually pretty flat.
Robert Q. Reilly: It's a good question. We did see the rise in the third quarter level of Harris Williams which was a great increase. Some of the fee back there was some of the deals got pulled in that typically would have otherwise been in the fourth quarter got pulled into the third quarter for timing reasons on the client side. So it just has a little bit in terms of our projections is more sort of in that stable overall because that if in fact that was what would otherwise have been fourth quarter, we don't make up for it.
Robert Q. Reilly: I think generally speaking in answer to your first question around just sort of where commitments are rising, it is generally still mentioned that our specialty businesses within corporate banking. In answering your second question in terms of how is it going in terms of building out those relationships, we think it's going well. A big part of that obviously is for the growth in the fee income that you see in the corporate services line, so not just Harris Williams but obviously treasury management and corporate finance fees were good in the quarter, and that's where you see most of those sort of ancillary services sold into those relationships.
William S. Demchak: I think the notion of would we drop – if what you're asking is, would we forego tech spend and slow down our investments because of the near-term environment, the answer is no. At the margin, we stretch things out a little bit in certain places but to make a change in strategic direction in technology as a function of near-term rate outlook doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me.
William S. Demchak: Yes, but what happens on the expense line, so we will – as we are completing the work, the capital expenditure is turning into ongoing expense through depreciation. So even though we might be done with the actual work, you're not going to see a drop in our tech spend line because it's going to roll through time in the depreciation line.
William S. Demchak: But what you will see is a continuation of kind of occupancy down, tech up and people down, the compensation costs as we kind of go through that transformation.
William S. Demchak: So there is no immediate thought to change anything. Obviously if rates were to stay at these levels forever, then we could invest the excess balances both in Level 1 and some capacity we have in Level 2 securities. We don't think that's going to be the case. We do think it's going to be delayed. With respect to the issue in a rising rate environment, the capital hit we have taken in AOCI, we stress for that anyway inside of the CCAR exam and have plenty of capital to absorb that. So that doesn't really drive our decision as to how much we invest or not, it's more a function of kind of long term value I guess where we expect rates will be through time.
William S. Demchak: A bunch of it was transitory in the sense against the second quarter comparison we had that big trust fee in wealth management which made the comparison tough. We also just at the end of the quarter with some volatility in rates dropped some of the valuation benefit we would have had in mortgage. So that will go away. I mean the one issue that we don't control is the beta that shows up through not only our wealth management segment but also the BlackRock income that we record and obviously that hurt our results this quarter, just the drop in equity values. Beyond that, the core fee momentum that we're seeing in consumer and corporate services, which are the biggest drivers, remains really strong and we think that will continue.
William S. Demchak: It's a fair question. As I mentioned, inside of what looked like a flat quarter on loan growth, we have been trimming certain exposures that are LCR and capital unfriendly. That slows through time and growth will take back over. I would tell you that we have looked strategically at some of the loan heavy businesses that have recently been sold. Unfortunately we haven't been able to execute on any of those, but the right business with the right risk profile that would be synergistic to what we already do, we would take a look at, we just haven't been able to do that at a price that makes sense to us. Beyond that, again carrying the extra capital and the extra liquidity to the extent that it's not burning a hole in our pocket and causing us to do something stupid with it, doesn't have a lot of – doesn't cause a lot of long-term value deterioration, it is there as an option as things change going forward.
William S. Demchak: Interestingly, spreads have kind of stabilized inside the core middle-market commercial space. We continue to see growth in the specialty segments. We see growth that's M&A related. Part of what we're seeing I think in loan demand was the general slowdown in sentiment in the third quarter on corporate kind of coming on the back of both the volatility coming out of China and in the markets and then Jerry Allen statements on kind of the economy. So I think some of the last quarter's performance was just reflective of the environment in the third quarter versus the second and that can change through time.
William S. Demchak: Nothing that's hit. So I get where you're going. We've seen lower energy prices hit energy companies directly following through to energy suppliers. We're not heavy – I imagine that's the case probably down in parts of Texas. I don't know that we're seeing that in any of the markets that are a core part of our footprint.
William S. Demchak: Interestingly it hasn't really. I think partly because a lot of the cuts we saw in capital hit traditional oil as opposed to necessarily what's going on in the natural gas markets, so that while it hasn't increased, they haven't really pulled back so much locally. As you said Pittsburgh for example continues to increase its employment role and capital spend in our region despite what's going on in energy.
William S. Demchak: So our bias look has been and will continue to be and we'll continue to push on the limit to which you can return capital through the CCAR process. You've heard me say before that in some ways we are restricted because our base case submission typically has lower total income than we earn because it doesn't count some of the line items that show up in our reported earnings. But we're going to push on that and I would tell you that there is no explicit, you can't go beyond a 100, they've been very clear with us on that, and for various reasons people have chosen not to push it. Outside of that, you heard me in one of the prior questions, if we could find asset generating business within our risk profile that are synergistic to the rest of our business, we'd pursue those. I don't know that those are necessarily in the traditional retail bank acquisition space but some of the things you've seen come to the market out of one big seller in the headlines recently were appealing to us. So we think about that a lot, and you're absolutely right, we're generating capital and have capital beyond a place that we need today to run the Company.
William S. Demchak: Sure it is. By the way I don't know that that's conservative, I think that's rational. I mean what we're effectively saying is extend credit on a relationship basis that covers your cost of capital. So in an environment today where inside the C&I space our net charge-offs are effectively zero and have been for the last couple of years, you could make any loan and it looks good, it drops to the bottom line, but we don't expect today's charge-off levels and reserve ratios to hold through time, and once you normalize back to whatever that's supposed to be, 40 or 50 basis points, these marginal loans don't look so good if you're not getting the related fee income that come with them. By the way, that's nothing different. We've done that since the first day I got here 13 years ago. That's the model we pursue.
William S. Demchak: I mean give us a rate environment. The efficiency ratio runs well into the 50s in the normalized rate curve, so unfortunately we just don't see that happening in the near-term.
William S. Demchak: [Indiscernible], I mean those all help. If you think about it, we're running at 62 this quarter, we managed to hold core NIM flat, we're going to [heat on] [ph] purchase accounting in 2016, I don't know if we've put a number on it.
William S. Demchak: It's 200 this year, it will be less next year, so that's a drop in revenue, we'll fight that with fees, try to hold expenses flat. I mean it's not – until rates move, our ability to materially grow the Company and therefore improve our efficiency ratio is a struggle. We do it through expense management, we do it through fee growth and the things that we can control and focus on, and that's what we're doing.
William S. Demchak: A couple of things. First on the deposit gathering side, we have been in many of our markets at the high end of rate paid in order to get ahead of LCR and liquidity needs, particularly if and when rates start to go up, so some of that shows up there. The other thing that's happened is that the change in Moody's methodology as it relates to how they rate banks has caused us to have to increase our wholesale funding in bank notes at the bank level and the whole industry has done that and you've seen spreads gap out pretty aggressively for wholesale funding of banks. So I'm sure that that is playing into that number. So I think it's up 2 basis points quarter on quarter. I don't know that you'll see that – as I said before, we're pretty far along and done on what we need to do on the liquidity side, so hopefully that's behind us.
William S. Demchak: Our deposit growth is purposeful, it's largely retail-based, although even our C&I deposits are growing pretty aggressively, and we're doing it to get ahead of – as Rob mentioned, we are over the 100% threshold on holding company and bank for LCR, which is ahead of the compliance period. I don't know if our peers are in fact there yet. We thought it's important to get in front of that. So almost independent of what we do on loans, deposit growth was purposeful and accomplished. On the loan side, we have a bit of a mix shift. As I mentioned, on the C&I side, we are exiting some things that are LCR unfriendly and things that are lending on the relationships with tight spreads. We continue to grow the specialty segments and have been even this quarter offset pretty aggressive runoff on the non-LCR side. I think we dropped 1.2 billion in LCR unfriendly and we managed to have a net positive C&I growth. So if you did the math on that, you'd annualize that to about a 4% growth rate in C&I. Retail, it's a struggle because we're running off educational loans, the discontinued segment, kind of trading water and home equity with some growth coming through in credit card and auto.
William S. Demchak: And down in education as the government loans run down. So I don't – purposefully changing our C&I or retail growth trajectory at this point beyond what you're seeing, absent the runoffs, I think would change our risk bucket and I don't think that's the right thing to do. By the way, one of the things you'd see through time, if you went and you target our loan growth through time against peers, you would see that during the crisis and just after the crisis, we grew loans much more aggressively than everybody else, kind of the best time to make loans is when nobody else is making them, at the highest spreads and what we've been focused on as spreads have contracted and competition has got more aggressive is retaining relationships and cross-selling relationships, that's just why you're seeing the acceleration in our fee income. So it doesn't mean we're not going to grow loans, it doesn't mean we're not going to pursue new relationships, but dollars to the bottom line in terms of degree of difficulty, it's easier today to grow fees than it is to pursue economically attractive loans.
William S. Demchak: I mean I'm sure some of the growth we've seen in our C&I deposits reflect that. We have room inside of our leverage ratio to be able to accept those deposits and we accept them and pay a rate on them where we earn a margin even against the excess balances at the Fed. So maybe it drops our ROA at the margin and NIM at the margin but it's riskless dollars to the bottom line and it doesn't affect – like I said, we had room inside of our leverage ratio, so it's fine.
William S. Demchak: I do. It's one of the reasons we got out ahead of it. So we are in the camp that when people start to figure out what LCR is and the compliance period, it comes into play that retail deposits are going to matter and there's going to be a tough fight for it.
William S. Demchak: First just the tech spending and the strategic spending are self funded and in fact cause savings on the other side. So if you think about the spending we are doing like inside of the branch rebuild, we are effectively dropping people. So people cost, occupancy cost as we drop branches has been replaced by technology cost, right. I think it's better for customers long-term, it has a better long-term growth trend and it's expense neutral. So if I cut the technology cost, I'm left back with my people cost, if you follow me. The same thing, a lot of the tech spend that we are spending in automating systems and applications and core processes that are in many cases manual today on the back of new regulation, so again we are sort of investing into long-term efficiency without a lot of near term paying. We've been able to self-fund it as we go forward. Rob's comment on it is there much to do outright on the expense side, is that going to be a driver of longer-term bottom line change, and the answer is no. We'll stay really focused on it. We can stretch tech spend out, we can delay, we can do some stuff at the margin, but the real driver ultimately has to come from quality loan growth, cross-selling fee income and hopefully a move in rates. And by the way, just to go back to your original assumption, if basically we are going to be in this low rate environment for a long period of time and we come to that conclusion and that's what's being foreshadowed by the Fed, then we'll invest into it, right. I mean at this point we have half the Fed governors telling us they're going in December, or more than half, and half saying no, so if they all said no, you'd probably have a bit of a rally in the backend but we have $34 billion of cash sitting at the Fed at 25 basis point. So there's a lever there that I don't think we should use or need to use but it's available.
William S. Demchak: Okay, that's what I need, a new buzzword. Look away from what's happening inside of bank, I think a couple of things. There is not a single CFO, CEO person that I've met anywhere inside of this country who has suggested they're going to change their investment decisions or purchasing behavior as a function of 25 basis point change in interest rates. I personally believe that the practical impact on the economy of raising rates back to a more normalized level, figure out what that is, is a lot less than what people are assuming it is because I think they were pushing on a string when they dropped rates from the 1% level down to zero. I think that in effect the destruction of retirement income for retirees, we have trained people their whole lives that once they retire and they are supposed to change their 401(k) and put it into kind of a less risky fixed rate investment portfolio, today they can't do it, they can't live on it. So we are stretching out the need for people to work, we are destroying their ability to retire with the savings they have today and we are basically in the extreme bailing out the younger generation and putting it on the backs of retirees with this interest rate policy and I continue to think it's wrong, I've been critical of it, I'm biased because it hurts the banking industry, but I just think that zero on rates is a different starting point than when rates were at 3% and thinking that they are supposed to tighten from 3%, and for some reason that seems to be lost.
William S. Demchak: That's right, I don't think it does, I mean at the margin it helps us. For no other reason they're going to do it through the interest paid on excess reserves and we sit with 35 whatever billion dollars sitting there, but no, I just don't think it has a direct impact on the economy. People come back and they say it's going to move the dollar more than it has and in turn hurt exports. Perhaps, but is that on a 25 basis point move, is it on a 50 basis point move, is it on a 1.5% move, it's just not obvious to me. And I think the fact, I think there was something to this general notion that by choosing not to move rates they were signaling a real lack of confidence in the economy, which is playing out now in the sentiment you are seeing from surveys with consumers and corporations, and confidence matters.
William S. Demchak: We are approaching the hour, so at this point we're going to conclude our call. We thank all of you for participating in today's call and look forward to talking to you later on. Take care.
