Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we had a strong second quarter, highlighted by 9% revenue growth and solid positive operating leverage resulting in PPNR growth of 23%. We maintained strong credit quality and fees rebounded from the first quarter, driven primarily by capital markets activity, including Harris Williams, and continued growth in card and cash management. The strong loan growth and rising rates helped us to increase both net interest income and net interest margin meaningfully. Loan growth was driven by C&I, where new production increased significantly and utilization returned to near pre-pandemic levels. Consumer loans also grew, driven by mortgage and home equity. Higher rates continued to adversely impact the unrealized value of our securities book. In response, we’ve continued to reposition the portfolio during the quarter, resulting in 60% of our securities portfolio now being held and held to maturity. We returned $1.4 billion of capital to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. Looking forward, there is uncertainty in the environment we're operating and including the impact of higher rates, supply chain disruptions and inflation. But regardless of the path ahead macroeconomically, we believe having a strong balance sheet, a solid mix of fee-based businesses, continued focus on expense management and differentiated strategies for organic growth will continue to provide the foundation for our success. And our focus is on executing the things we can control and not getting distracted by what is beyond our control. Along those lines, we delivered well on our strategic priorities in the quarter, including the build-out of our new BBVA and expansion markets, modernizing our retail banking technology platform, bolstering our asset management offering and building differentiated and responsible capabilities for our retail and commercial customers in the payment space. As I've talked about recently at conferences, our performance in the BBVA markets has exceeded our own expectations. On Slide 3, you can see the strong growth we've generated in these markets across customer segments. In corporate banking, we've seen sales increase 40% linked quarter and maintained a 50% noncredit mix of sales since conversion. We've seen similar growth within commercial banking, where sales in the BBVA USA markets are up 32% linked quarter and noncredit sales to total sales have been approximately 55% since conversion. In retail banking, we've experienced a notable increase in sales for both small businesses and consumers of 16% and 22%, respectively. And we continue to invest in AMG, and a big part of that is building a strong customer-focused team that can deliver our brand across our footprint. We have built good momentum in our recruiting efforts over the past few quarters, hiring advisers across all areas of the business to help deliver for our clients. I'll close by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication to our customers and communities. Moving forward, we believe that we're well positioned to continue to grow shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Look, I don't think there's any cliff involved. I do think that the trouble ahead lies somewhere in the middle of next year not any time in the next 6 months. But what you're seeing inside of our credit book, you got to remember that during this period of time, we continue to kind of run off a higher risk book from BBVA, and our loan growth is largely in higher quality names. So the overall quality of our book actually improves quarter-on-quarter. Eventually, that has to stop. And eventually, I think the Fed has to slow the economy to a pace to get inflation under control, and I think that's going to be harder to do than the market currently assumes, and I think it's going to take longer than the market currently assumes. And when that happens, we're going to see credit costs go up at least back to what we would call normalized levels. But I don't think -- I don't see any particular bubbles inside of the banking system as it relates to credit. I think you're just going to see a slow grind with credit losses increasing over time as we get into the slowdown.
Bill Demchak: I think, over time that is probably likely if we continue to see loan growth we do. But you shouldn't mix security balances with the way we think about fixed rate exposure hedging our deposits, right? Securities are one way we do that, swaps are another way, and then, of course, our fixed rate assets themselves. And then inside of that, the duration of the securities we buy. So long story short, the balance is probably decline, but we're sitting in a period of time right now where we're very asset sensitive. You'll notice our balances basically stayed flat through the course of the quarter as we kind of purposely watch and let things roll off here given our view on what we think longer term rates are going to ultimately do. So balances could go down just as a matter of sort of algebra in the balance sheet, but our ability to invest in rising rates is still there in a large way.
Bill Demchak: A lot of it just comes from our ability to win new business. Utilization rates have largely approached where we were, I think, Rob, pre pandemic at this point.
Bill Demchak: So there's a little bit of room there. But these new markets and our -- just our ability to win new business. And by the way, new business that is 50% fee-based is pretty strong. And we feel confident we'll be able to continue to do that independent of what happens in the economy.
Bill Demchak: That's an impossible question to answer given the dynamics of CECL. But you should assume -- we assume that, all else equal, credit quality is going to deteriorate at some pace from here through the next 2 years. I just don't think it's going to be all that dramatic. And it almost has to be a true statement given the charge-off levels that we've been seeing.
Bill Demchak: We don't think about the swaps book separate from our basic investing and fixed rate exposure. Where we sit across the securities book and swaps and everything we do fixed rate, we're looking at a curve now where I kind of think the year-end rates, in my own mind, are probably largely right, but I think there's a -- I think the assumption that the Fed is going to start easing in the spring of next year is absurd, which means we're holding off at this point because we think there's going to be -- there's still value to be had in the longer end of the curve as people come to the realization that inflation isn't as easy to tame as people might assume. And separately that the Fed isn't going to immediately cut simply because the economy slows if inflation is still running high. So we're going to sit pat, but not -- we don't think swaps are one thing in bonds or another. We just -- we look at our interest rate exposure. We're very asset sensitive. We have an opportunity to deploy in multiple places. We're just not doing it. We basically let everything run down thus far this year.
Bill Demchak: Part of the impact that we're seeing in NII and NIM is actually on our loan yields, where the quality of our book is it improves fairly substantially. We've put a lot of very high-grade stuff on. And spreads have actually come in quarter-on-quarter. So when we look at the out forecast on NII, together with loan growth, which will be pretty healthy, we have in there -- embedded in there this notion that spreads are tighter than they were as we basically improve the quality of the book.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Well, it's a good question, and the answer remains to be seen a little bit. We've clearly seen the larger corporates move liquidity out of the banking system into money markets, government money markets. And I think, as we go forward, the combination of QT from the Fed and what they do with their repo facility is going to drive some of the yield available in those funds, which in turn is going to drive how much of that sits on bank's balance sheets or not. Outside of those deposits, it's more about a rate paid game. And I think deposits kind of inside of the retail space and the smaller mid-market commercial space, I think deposits actually grow simply because of the loan volume. But the mix shift that we've seen in commercial from a little bit less noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing, that game is going to play out. So thus far, I mean, if you look at total liquidity in the system, it really hasn't moved. And of course, the Fed hasn't really started their QT program yet. What we've seen is a movement of liquidity from banks into money funds as money fund yields started to grow. So this is going to take a while to play out.
Bill Demchak: Yes. A big part of what we've seen go thus far are kind of deposits that we don't really care about. They were -- we kind of call them surge deposits internally, which were noncore clients' parking liquidity that now have kind of gone into funds.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Well, first, I want to see the audit on only 16% of corporate credit being inside of banks, but I'm sure there's some way you can get that right.
Bill Demchak: No, we -- its credit outside of the banking system melts. We play in that in 2 ways. One is, if it's in the real estate space, we do that inside of our special servicing arm in Midland. Two is we are very good at working corporate credits, and we wouldn't be afraid of buying portfolios of troubled assets. And three, and I think this is what you're referring to is in our asset-based lending group, we play the role of senior lender on a very secured basis for -- and basically the agent for the entire capital structure. And as pieces below us struggle, the fee opportunity for us to work those loans out on behalf of the B lenders is quite high. Furthermore, we continue to be approached by multiple B lenders to basically run their books as they look at what's coming their way. Thus far, we haven't agreed to do any of that. And were we to do it, I think it'd be quite lucrative.
Bill Demchak: It depends on the lending sector. So we are, for example, an asset-based -- straight spreads on high rated stuff has kind of stabilized. A lot of what we're seeing is just a mix shift in the quality of our book, not a change in the market in terms of spread where I think the market continues to be irrational is on the consumer side. So auto lending seems, in our view, to be a little bit of a bubble, and some of the things we're still seeing being done on the consumer side. But on the corporate side, on the real estate side, the shift is moving back towards the banks in terms of our ability to negotiate and get spread and get covenants and get structure. Just not a dramatic shift the way you've seen in some of the headline stuff on capital markets related issues.
Bill Demchak: No. I mean it's -- thank you for reminding. I mean that's what happened, right? We've had inventory build and CapEx and a little volume back to the banks and boom, you get big loan growth.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Mike, most of those players play in a risk bucket that we don't like to play in, right? So the exception to that is, in our asset-based lending book, where borrowers who might have been able to do a cash flow loan with a BDC at one point are now going to come back to the banks and do it asset-based. But on the consumer side, the guys who are out there playing subprime consumer or even in the leverage lending side, cash flow unsecured, we just don't have a big book of business there, nor do we want one.
Bill Demchak: It's kind of -- that was client -- a handful of clients, but client-specific timing issues that we were able to serve client needs and their big balances, and they're going to run off.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That happens again, that's great. But these were specific ones we called out both because of their size and also because there are lower spreads in the rest of the book and that had some impact on the loan yield this quarter.
Bill Demchak: Eventually, what you're going to see, we've seen utilizations go up as people have built inventories. Now that will reverse itself as we get into a slowdown and people struggle to move inventories, it will peak and then they'll grind it to a halt. But I think that's going to end up being the driver. We'll continue to go work and gain share. And ultimately, against the money we put out, we look at what happens to utilization and utilization will start to drop through a slowdown, peak early into it and then slow down as they try to free up working capital.
Bill Demchak: Without getting into the details of CECL, I would tell you that we -- within our overall provision, we added 2 reserves as a function of the scenarios we run.
Bill Demchak: Well, no, so to clarify that. In terms of the dollar amounts and the stable. But inside of that, obviously, our scenarios built in some worsening concepts. But there's QFR as part of that process that offset that. So end of the day, stable.
Bill Demchak: Yes, you have to. The number of pieces that are moving inside of that, even if let's assume they get out there and they just freeze and you have a small inversion in the curve and you sit there, in that instance, betas probably don't move from wherever they were post the last hike. And instead, what you're going to see is a increase in fixed rate asset yields that basically roll off from very low yields into higher yields. And then the upside to the extent we want to deploy at that point. So you see a gain in yields inside of the security book in a static environment simply because everything that was purchased with 1.5% handles rolls off.
Bill Demchak: The inventory question is all over the place because you have a bunch of customers who have more inventory than they want. And you have others who are still struggling to build inventory to keep up with supply because of continued supply chain disruption. So I don't know that there's a simple answer on inventories. Real estate, with the exception of the slow burn on office, where we just -- we continue to be worried, we continue to see slow deterioration, we think we're really well reserved. But absent that kind of slow burn, the rest of it continues to kind of do okay to improve. And I think that holds even at least on the slowdown that's in the back of my mind. Again, I just don't see some big spike into a really ugly recession. So we have our eye on real estate. We have exposure into the office space that we’re reserved against. It's kind of doing what we expected. And beyond that, we're not particularly worried about it.
Bill Demchak: But, I mean, remember that reserve build in COVID, the scenarios we are running, I don't remember off the top of my head if it’s the kind of employment to 15%, higher GDP. We're not -- this has nothing to do with that, right? We're going to go into a slowdown and we're going to see an increase in reserves at some point, but they're not even going to be related to the thing we saw when COVID hit  economy down.
Bill Demchak: Yes, just in terms of size. So you almost have to take that whole example set and remove it from the framework of how you think about provisions going forward.
Bill Demchak: Only if you think about what those forecasts were, right? I mean, do you remember, they were unemployment going to --
Bill Demchak: 15% Yes. I mean it was I don't think there's anybody out there who thinks we have to cater the economy by that amount to get inflation under control. That was -- look, there could be some world event that causes that, but it's not going to be a function of the Fed raising rates and slowing the economy to get inflation under control.
Bill Demchak: Matt, look you're bringing up -- this whole issue is the issue, I think, that investors just have completely wrong about the banking system right now. If you look at the market cap that's been pulled out of the banking system and take your worst case reserve build and charge-offs through some cycle, it's just wildly wrong. Yes. We'll have increased losses, but --
Bill Demchak: Not to anything close like what we put in during COVID. And more importantly, I think there's a growth opportunity through a mild downturn for us, just given the way we run our business and the business that will come back into the banking systems and out of the capital markets. So I am personally confused about all the concern that sits out there on banking reserves and the coming recession and the impacts on the profitability of banks. It will hurt a little bit, but --
Bill Demchak: I mean the way we kind of think about it internally, given how much we moved is we ought to have pulled a par on the held-to-maturity book adding to our capital base at a pace that largely hedges us against further declines in AOCI and the available-for-sale book, depending how much of a spike their rates are versus the rolled up. But we feel pretty good about the mix we have at this point. And obviously, it's not impacting our capital flexibility vis-a-vis the way we look at AOCI in terms -- inside of regulatory capital.
Bill Demchak: Look, if it's high quality, we'd love to go back to 83%. If it's in our risk box and coupled with client relationships where we have really strong cross-sell, that would be a great outcome.
Bill Demchak: No. I don't think. I mean, look, our intention here is to keep deposits and grow deposits if we can without having to be aggressive on rate. It's very simple. And inside of that, we'd like to grow loans. And if we manage to do the 2 things there and grow loan to deposits to 83%, we'll be making  load of money given the fee mix we get when we grow loans.
Bill Demchak: I think about it all the time. I don't know when I go into details on my own financial situation, but it's -- I see a lot of value there. It's interesting. We've had a bunch of senior execs actually enroll in our employee stock purchase plan --
Bill Demchak: Which maybe is a simple way for me to get a few shares here and there. But look, I think there's a lot of value. I don't know that you're going to see me make a giant purchase because, as you said, I own a lot of stock, and it's most of my net worth.
Bill Demchak: Look, it's -- I mean pricing ultimately is market-driven. And it's -- I would expect, for a given credit quality, we're going to see small backup. Of course, pricing is also based on a grid. So as we go into a slower economy and people run another turn of leverage given their performance, we'll see jumps in spreads that's built into the existing contract because spreads are performance based on a lot of the loans that we do. So I -- -- we'll get there. More important to us, Mike, is the cross-sell that we ultimately get. At the end loan prices -- as long as we get good structure, pricing is important, but pricing along with the majority of the TM relationship and capital markets business really ups the return that you get from that client relationship.
Rob Reilly: Yes, probably both, but a little bit more of the former. We're just at that point now where we're seeing rates rising to the point where the betas are becoming active. They were not that active on the consumer side, a little bit on the commercial side in the first quarter, and that's picked up a bit. More on the commercial side as we expected, and in our case, it's our nonoperating deposits that explains the decline there in the second quarter. So betas are beginning to move. We expected that, and we're ready for it.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right. Well, the context -- Bill, as you know, the context of your question is historically pre sort of the rapid increase in liquidity over the last couple of years, we did run about 20% of our securities to our earning assets. We raised that because of all the liquidity in the system. So we're still pretty high on a historical basis, but it's still -- Demchak just said, that's not likely to change anytime soon.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And I would just add to that. In terms of the loan growth outlook for the 12 months, we're up a bit, mostly because of the outperformance in the first half relative to our expectations. So that's sort of truing up, so to speak.
Rob Reilly: Right. And I would add to that, our reserve levels are above our day 1 fee so even adjusted for the BBVA acquisition, we're appropriately reserved. Now -- and feel good about it.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, Ken. Yes, that's exactly right. So higher rate environment, NII and the balances that we've generated contribute to the improved NII look. And then you sort of referenced it in terms of the fees, mostly in terms of our full year expectations compared to what we thought at the beginning of the year and last quarter, some softer on AMG and mortgage, as you would expect, with the equity markets performing like they are for AMG and interest rates on the mortgage side. So it's sort of a -- the trade-off of the higher rates.
Rob Reilly: So on the fee side, again, for the full year, most of the change relative to our full year expectations is within AMG and mortgage. On capital markets, you'll recall, we had a soft first quarter relative to our expectations. We did see the bounce back in the second quarter. So we're back in position with our full year expectations in the second half, obviously remains to be seen.
Rob Reilly: Well, in part. I think the earlier question you might have missed it, Erika, was the improved outlook for the full year loan growth. The answer was most of that was a true-up to our outperformance in the first half. So we grew loans faster than we thought we would in the first 6 months, which is great. So we true-up that full year expectation. So all of that is built in to the full year guidance.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And our expectations, Erika, are generally stable, but Bill pointed the mix could be different. And then an open question on the nonoperational deposits, which we'll either do or not do.
Rob Reilly: I can jump on that, and we covered some of that, Mike. Generally speaking, and we recognize the fluidity. For the second half, we're calling for stable deposits, some mix change between noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing also an open question in terms of nonoperational deposits and what betas are required for that and whether we choose to keep those or not. So that all remains to be seen. But the outlook is stable. And NIM, we do expect to expand.
Rob Reilly: We don't do that. We don't do that. CECL is a model-driven approach. And as you pointed out, Mike, we're above our day 1. We're appropriately reserved relative to our book.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, it's pretty stable, John. So no big mix changes, no big dollar changes. The percentage came down a little bit just because of largely the high credit quality, large underwritings we just spoke about improving the mix. So pretty much unchanged.
Rob Reilly: Yes, yes. We don't give explicit NIM outlook. But I would say your question is when does NIM peak. We see NIMs continuing to expand and peaking in '23. So with everything that you described we still see upside in them.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And, to your point, we're well reserved. And multifamily, which is the biggest component of that, is very strong.
Rob Reilly: I did in my opening comments. We're going to continue buying back shares roughly at the average rate of what we've been doing the last couple of quarters.
Rob Reilly: I was going to say that, Bill said there was an earlier impossible question. Yes, that 1 might be number two.
Rob Reilly: Well, the short answer is approximately $200 million a quarter, $1 billion a year. So that's the number you're looking for. But that's the right neighborhood.
Rob Reilly: Well, that also relates to the deposit pricing and what we choose to do. So yes, you're right. We have room and flexibility there as we go through these increased betas and a growing loan environment.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Yes, that's my point. That's the flexibility so we can, and we can view these deposits in terms of whether we want to take for that --
Rob Reilly: And there's a structure component. There's a lot of good companies out there that don't have structures that we would lend into that they could change that.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. So safe to assume that even in a backdrop where the Fed stops hiking the NIM should still at least drift higher a bit for a few more quarters. So point noted.
Ebrahim Poonawala: '23, Yes. And I didn't mean to pin you down or ask for 2023 guidance. I'm just trying to conceptually think if we go into this period where we've not been where the curve remains flat to inverted for a while, what that does to the NIM and it's not unique to you, but I appreciate the color.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's fair. I appreciate the perspective. And on the lending side, just still wanted to follow up on 2 things. One, like, do you have a sense of where customers are in terms of rebuilding inventories like that's been a big driver of growth for the last 2 to 3 quarters. But compared to pre-pandemic, are customer inventories back to those levels? Like how would you frame that? And secondly, I would love to hear your thoughts about just outlook for the commercial real estate market in this backdrop, especially if we get a recession? You've been cautious in the past, so would love to hear your thoughts.
