Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you saw, we had a solid start to the year as we grew revenue and controlled our expenses to generate positive operating leverage in the linked quarter comparison. Our first quarter results also benefited from our provision recapture, driven largely by an improving economic outlook. Despite this recapture, our reserves remain at over 2% of loans as we continue to work through the COVID fallout and work to understand potential secular changes on certain asset classes. Our capital and liquidity levels also remain at record highs. With a rise in term yields, we've been deploying some of this excess liquidity and increased our investment securities by $9 billion at period end. You'll notice they didn't change much on an average basis as we bought later in the quarter. We also actually added another $9 billion in  that are going to settle early in the second quarter here. And finally, we've continued our purchase activity into the second quarter, and we continue to operate, notwithstanding this at very high levels of cash at the Fed that can be deployed over time in loans or securities based on market opportunities. While not a surprise, the quarter was impacted by continued weak loan demand in the face of strong bond market issuance levels, pay downs and competition resulting in historically low utilization levels. Based on the strength of the U.S. economy, we would expect to see loan demand improve and ultimately drive utilization rates higher over time. We continue to execute well against our strategic priorities, including our national expansion, which will significantly accelerate through our pending acquisition of BBVA USA. We're making good progress on BBVA integration planning and are on track for a midyear close, pending regulatory approval. We haven't found any significant surprises regarding the quality or nature of BBVA's business, and our employees are working effectively with their BBVA counterparts on everything, including the technology conversion. With the quality of BBVA markets, especially in their largest market, in Texas -- and the quality of their largest markets, especially in Texas, and is proving to be everything we hoped it would. As we planned for the integration of BBVA USA, we continue to invest in and leverage our own technology so that we can better serve our customers.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And Betsy, the only thing I would add is, you said it's kind of a goal. It's not really a goal. It's just our expectation, given the carry right now and how much cash we're sitting on that -- the reason we put that in there is that our security balances, and frankly, for the whole industry are likely to run higher as a percentage of our total assets than they have historically. And we'll keep adding to them throughout the year opportunistically as we've done. But you see that in the actions late in the fourth quarter -- sorry, late in the first quarter. If we were simply trying to drive NII, we could have front-loaded those purchases at lower yields and had NII flat. We didn't do that. We waited. Waiting turns out to have been the right thing. And you'll see us do that. You've seen us do that, but you'll see us continue to do that through the course of the year.
Bill Demchak: I’d just say, look, the biggest unknown on loan growth specifically is when the inventory start -- the inventory build starts for our corporate customers. Utilization is running as much as 11 points below the peak, maybe 5 points below sort of historic averages. And even though the economy is really kind of taken off here, for whatever reason, we haven't seen the typical inventory build and CapEx that you would see in this economy, I guess just hesitancy waiting for more certainty on the pandemic. But when that happens, and it will happen, it almost mechanically has to happen, you're going to see pretty appreciable loan growth. We just don't know when that's going to be.
Bill Demchak: There's so many little things. Rates moved in our favor. We're doing really well on expense opportunities, a whole variety of things, and they ended up…
Bill Demchak: That will obviously impact our large corporate book, which I think at the moment, has its lowest utilization rate ever. But the bulk of our book, remember, some 90-plus-percent of our clients are private companies. And so our middle market and commercial book really doesn't have access to the public markets and that cash build that you're seeing in large corporate. So I do think you'll see utilization there increase. By the way, we've seen utilization increases in our asset-based lending book but they're small. That's kind of the first place you would expect to see it. So that's encouraging.
Bill Demchak: John, you're asking the question, are we going to have excess capital that can be deployed in share buybacks and other things. And the answer is, yes.
Bill Demchak: I think one of the issues is supply chains have been so disrupted that people actually can't build inventory. And we're strangely being held back by demand and production capacity.
Bill Demchak: I think that's going to be the case. But I think one of the things we've been careful to do and sort of framing our expectations for you guys around BBVA we recognize that there are parts of their balance sheet that we would likely shrink, both because of concentrations across the combined firm but also because there are some sectors they don't want to be in, offset by our growth in these new markets. So in the out years, I get really bullish about our growth potential. But for the first year or so, we're going to -- and we've -- this is all in sort of the numbers we gave you, there's going to be a little trade-off of we'll be growing the business we want as we shrink some of the business we won't. So the real acceleration is probably a couple of years down the road.
Bill Demchak: I won't talk about what other people are doing, but we pretty much have this nailed down. We know -- and it's all in the numbers we've given you. We are going to invest in certain capacity for their branches, for example, on connectivity, faster routers, we're going to expand some of the compute capacity we have in our cloud. But all of that we've given you -- and it's not a big deal, it was all on the deal assumptions and all those thing are proving to be correct.
Bill Demchak: I'm trying to figure out where you're going with that, Mike. I mean, we're going to -- once we close the deal, we'll give you some updates on numbers and so forth. I guess what I would say to you is, we remain -- I remain, and also even to a greater extent, really excited by the growth potential of this deal. We tend -- when you do a deal, you give kind of a year and a half worth of guidance when all the marvels are thrown up in the air and you're working on cost saves and integration. The potential of the franchise in these markets is phenomenal. The potential for cross-sell and for growth of new clients is phenomenal. And we're really excited by that.
Bill Demchak: So the only one I can think of right off the top of my head is, our corporate finance utilization is 57% of the peak number. And I think -- I saw some....
Bill Demchak: And that's a function of all the corporate cash. That the 11-point drop was off of the high utilization we saw, Mike, with all the draws during the first quarter of last year, which is why the average maybe 5%. And it's hit -- certain areas have been impacted more than others. municipal utilization is way, way down. As I said, corporate finance is way, way down. Even our asset-based business, which typically runs fairly high utilization has really struggled just given the lack of ability to build inventory. So I don't know if you remember the number, Rob, but we've messed around with -- if you kind of regress economic growth, retail sales, a whole bunch of other different things against -- and inventory levels against loan utilization, it's in squared up over 80. And it should be growing today. We just haven't seen it. I can't give an answer as to why.
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, it's us saying -- look, Mike, we could sit here and tell you all of them, and I’ve latched some of these calls. So the back half of the year is going to be great. Everything will be wonderful. I hope they're right. And if they're right, we'll do really well. But I can't promise you that….
Bill Demchak: Yes. What we show you is the stuff we know. I know that mechanically our loan balances are going to grow as the economy improves and they build inventories. I can't tell you the timing of that. By the way, nobody else can either.
Bill Demchak: I don't think rising short-term rates has any impact at all. I think as a practical matter, deposit balances in the industry are driven by the size of the Fed's balance sheet and fiscal transfers, coupled with loan growth. Loan growth will actually drive more deposit balances once we see a pickup in that. And I think excess liquidity in the system is here to stay for a long period of time. Because I don't think the Fed is going to shrink their balance sheet anytime soon. So I think we're going to be in a -- there's a structural change in banking, which is going to have more liquidity, higher security balances for an extended period of time.
Bill Demchak: We're hardly going to dent it. I mean the chart -- you see the chart we have in there, where you see our cash balances versus security balances. But any loan growth you want in there, we're not buying the long end of the curve and we have a massive opportunity to deploy that. But as we always do, we're going to increment our way in. By the way, incrementing our way in is what gets us to that 25%.
Bill Demchak: I see where you're going. I think consumer lending is going to drag C&I increase. I think consumers are really flushed with cash. You've seen retail sales. I think they continue to accelerate, by the way. But what's happening is that people who don't are buying and the people who would normally borrow are sitting on fiscal payments that they're going to have to burn through over time before you see balance growth. We're seeing massive transaction volumes. So we see it in our swipe fees in effect. But I don't know that you're going to see balanced growth. I think consumer will lag commercial. And I get back this place where inside of commercial, the smaller non-public companies and even some of the smaller public companies will continue to rely on bank balance sheets to fuel their growth.
Bill Demchak: So it is a topic of interest, both on the political and regulatory side, less about competition and more about safety and soundness and data protection and fraud. And not -- I'm not referring to Chime specifically, but rather new entrants into the payment space, the exponential increase in fraud we've seen because of less robust know-your-customer rules and frankly, probably just because of the COVID environment. All of that has gathered attention of politicians and regulators. The competition side, we're happy to compete. I'm somewhat shocked actually, nobody's asked me a question about Low Cash Mode that we rolled out this -- yesterday, day before. That product is a result of years of technology investment that allows us, I think, is the only institution in the world to have effectively real-time capability of what's going on in our customers' accounts. And therefore, showing them what's going on in their accounts, and therefore, empowering them to choose what's going on in their accounts. No, fintech has that. Go back to -- because they rely on these small banks as their back office, which, in turn, are relying on 30-year-old cobalt-based mainframe-based batch process, not very exciting core processors. Get on, bring on the competition. At some point, they need to make money and to justify their existence.  Our challenge is presenting -- and we think we do this, a great proposition to our customers with ease of use and the very best products. And I think we have the technology backbone to do that. So I'm less worried about competing with somebody. I'm more worried about safety and soundness to the system and data and disruption to our customers who don't understand where data is being shared and who has access to it.
Bill Demchak: Well, we've been working on this long before Coinbase went public back, we've talked to Coinbase about partnership and custody for our wealth clients. Practically, we've had a work stream around this, both for our corporate clients and treasury, but also for our wealth clients. The technology stretch isn't a big deal for us. It's more of a compliance-based issues that you would expect; and then importantly, choosing the right partners that you would choose as a trading transfer platform, and importantly, the custody platform. So that's an open and continuing dialogue here.
Bill Demchak: Yes. You can imagine that for wealth clients, there'd be a lot of disclosure around. It's your own risk.
Bill Demchak: We're going to get them directly. Look Mike, I think when you effectively offer your products as the low-cost provider to somebody else who owns the relationship, you've just -- you sold your soul to the devil. It's the beginning of the end of your franchise in whatever space you're playing. We need to own the customer relationship, and we need to deserve to own the customer relationship through an offering that doesn't need to have fintech platform on the front end. It's the alternative to that, right? And this is -- you heard Jamie talk about this as well. If tech gets into the space and owns client relationships, then we become a commodity provider industry with 5,000 participants, it’s a disaster. You can't default to that end game. You have to own the customer.
Bill Demchak: I think there's a lot of appropriate focus on data. The CFPB, I know, is working on this as our various politicians and other regulators. We need safety and soundness around data. That is the biggest systemic risk at the moment in my view. People talk about cyber, but what they're really talking about is data. And disruption of account flows, payment flows because data is corrupted. The consumer -- that, by the way, is solved, ultimately through tokenized API-based authorization at the bank for what the consumer wants to share, not through screen scraping. And we're working our way towards that. I think that's the ultimate end game. But the consumer has to be empowered to share data, but the data they want and to share it when they want. Not all the time and not everything and not to places that are otherwise, in my view, not regulated in terms of their controls around data.
Bill Demchak: Thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking at the end of the second quarter. Stay safe. Looking forward to summer here, I hope you're doing the same.
Rob Reilly: Thanks, Bill, and good morning, everyone. As you've seen, we reported first quarter net income of $1.8 billion or $4.10 per diluted common share. Our balance sheet is on Slide 3 and is presented on an average basis. During the quarter, loans declined by $8 billion or 3% due to lower utilization and continued soft loan demand. Investment securities grew approximately $700 million or 1% linked quarter. However, on a spot basis, balances increased $9 billion or 11% as we accelerated our purchase activity near the end of the quarter due to the steepening yield curve. Our average cash balances at the Federal Reserve grew to $85 billion in the first quarter, driven by continued deposit growth and lower loan balance.  On the liability side, deposit balances averaged $365 billion and were up $6 billion or 2% linked quarter. Borrowed funds decreased $3 billion compared to the fourth quarter due to the runoff and redemption of debt obligations. Our tangible book value was $96.57 per common share as of March 31, a decrease on a linked-quarter basis primarily due to a decline in AOCI. Year-over-year, tangible book value increased 14%. And as March -- as of March 31, 2021, our CET1 ratio was estimated to be 12.6%.
Rob Reilly: Sure. So yes, again, that was for the second quarter on the NII guide. When we take a look at the full year -- and this is part of our guidance in terms of revenue being stable for the full year, we do expect some more NII from our securities book as we increase the balances, and that's going to be offset by a little bit less loan growth than what we were expecting at the beginning of the year. So that's where we come out in terms of stable.  In regard to the building up of the securities book, I mean, it's 3 things, really. One, we have put more money to work because the curve has steepened. Second, we're going to continue to do that in a measured way. And then third, for the foreseeable future, we'll be running as a percentage of our interest-earning assets securities balances at a higher level. So historically, we've been approximately in the 20% range. We're guiding toward more of the 25% to 30% range.
Rob Reilly: Yes. As I said in my comments -- Betsy, this is Rob. It's largely refinements in our assumptions around interest rates and some general true-ups relative to the assumptions that we had at the time that we announced the deal.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, true-ups from assumptions that we made last November, and the environment has changed a lot.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. Sure. On the BBVA, I would say, on everything, we'll have a whole bunch of numbers for you once we close the deal. But for today's purposes, we're tracking at or above all of our assumptions including the CET1 ratio. So yes, my estimations are that it will be higher than that 9.3%, but we'll get into that detail once we own the bank.  In regard to our targets, we've always set around 8.5%. That's been sort of the level that we felt comfortable with. Obviously, we've been a lot higher than that. So the relevance of that number isn't as strong as it was a few years ago.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's -- we get some volatility on that quarter-to-quarter because there's a lot of elements there. But the guide is $300 million to $350 million is what we expect to occur in the second quarter.
Rob Reilly: Sure, Ken. Yes, I would say on the fees, as we look forward to the second quarter relative to the guide, corporate services and consumer services will be up, we'd expect in sort of that mid-single-digit range and then the other fee categories, asset management, mortgage and service charges on deposits, probably low single-digits. So that's sort of how we get to that range.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, hey, mortgage isn't as big as a percentage of our business as others, but we're very excited about what we've built and the opportunities that we have. Particularly, the market will do -- what the market will do is particularly around building out the purchase side in terms of our consumer customers, which will be expanded with the BBVA acquisition.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right. That's a better number. And that's obviously on the institutional corporate side. Yes.
Rob Reilly: No. I think you can get there to that level. It's just a question like as you pointed out in terms of timing. So our reserves right now reflect our current forecast. If subsequent forecasts are more bullish or more optimistic, we'll continue on that trend. But the timing of how fast we would get there, Gerard, it’s per earlier comments, difficult to be precise about.
Rob Reilly: We're going to still end up being asset sensitive. I mean, largely because even with our suggested build, the deposits we're going to have with the Fed are going to be quite large. I would tell you that our duration of equity and measured asset sensitivity has decreased as a function of the rise in rates, but that's less about what we're doing and more about the negative convexity in the bank's balance sheet.
