Bill Demchak: I mean, look, there is no magical answer to that. Through the course of the last bunch of years even with rates largely flat inside of kind of up and down cycles. We invest opportunistically small bets, we remain very short today, so we have a big opportunity, but we are not going to bet on red all-in sort of one rate move. So you will see us through the course of the year if rates continue their path and what we expect to deploy liquidity and reduce our asset sensitivity, but there is no perfect answer to that, it certainly isn’t programmatic.
Bill Demchak: And that consumer lift probably being more, just to the spirit of your question, more on the back half of 2017 than in the first quarter.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. The other thing is that, ‘17 takes the full impact of the FDIC rolling charge. So, some of it is sort of just carry forward from what we were taking through 2016 and there is a little bit of imbalance in there, as it relates to some of our longer term initiatives. For example, the savings will get out of home lending and the savings will get out of decommissioning data centers, which will start to show up in ‘17, but carry forward into later years.
Bill Demchak: ... I think my point is a simple one which is we haven’t nor we’ll ever lose site of the goal of holding expenses as tightly controlled as we can.
Bill Demchak: No. The only other thing I’d say is that, that the regulatory burden as it relates to, if you’re thinking CCAR or heightened expectations or three lines of defense, they are certainly a lot of that, much of which by the way, we would keep and go through the exercise anyway. But there’s also a lot of regulatory costs that probably were missing from the industry historically. I’m thinking about to build an AML costs as we put bodies in operations and investment technologies as it relates to AML. I’m thinking about general compliance with consumer laws, independent of where and what happens to the CFPB, it’s clear that that we all had work to do on that. We are done investing in that by and large, but I don’t think those costs go away, no matter nor should they, no matter what really happens to the regulation.
Bill Demchak: … rates today in the sense that our reinvestment of our securities book assumes continued higher five-year through seven-year part of the curve, where that’s a flat and substantially then it wouldn’t -- the impact wouldn’t be as great.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We’re looking at each other here. So the infrastructure spend most definitely falls off substantially and I would see a technology plan given to me that would suggest total tech cost would fall. Having said that, my expectation is that it’s not true, instead what happen is you’ll see a mix shift, such that we’re spending much more on the frontend towards consumers and applications and ease of doing business and automation and real-time payments, and less worrying about the infrastructure. The infrastructure we build supports our capability to do the second order effect, but I think, banking both on the corporate and retail side is increasingly becoming a technology-related business, and I just don’t know that you’re going to see that drop-off a few and tend to remain competitive with what customers expect today.
Bill Demchak: No. It’s pretty much done this year. We’ll have some trailing effects and we’ll obviously continuously be investing in cyber and then we’ll have a roll forward of the take down of the old data centers, which actually take some period of time, as you sort of decommission and clean old servers, so some of the expense that rolls into ’18.
Bill Demchak: ... from Zell themselves, but assume that sometime early in 2017, right. The collective of banks that have signed up early on, which include the ownership structure, as well as a number of other large banks and many other banks through third-party service providers will be online with Zell. It will be ubiquitous, you’ll be able to use it on PNC’s mobile app or BofA’s or Citigroup’s or Morgan’s or anybody else’s. And I think, it does a couple of things, one is, it puts our consumers back in our hands, right. The whole idea behind is, we don’t want our customers using third-party application, particularly in what potentially is insecure -- in unsecure fashion. So, solves that issues and then, it gives us mindshare. It’s not a revenue opportunity out of the gate as it relates to the product specifically. But I think it is another part of the customer relationship that makes it more sticky. And I think through time, the concept of real-time payments, whether P2P or business-to-consumer or on the corporate side, it’s where we’re rolling out real-time payments through the clearing houses is alternative to ACH. I think it becomes stable stakes. I think there is revenue opportunities against it. I think the U.S. is behind and I think it’s a trend you’re going to continue to see build and on the back of it, you will see, I know we have many product applications that we are developing on the…
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Well, the rude answer would be -- has been answered, but I’ll answer it again quickly. The -- our thoughts on BlackRock remain the same, which is we’ll be an intelligent owner of valuable position of the company that we’ve done very well through time and it’s been a good partner. We look for ways, if there are ways to monetize that stake, we recognized the concentration of it, we would do so. A lower tax rate changes the economics of a potential sale, but there’s nothing on a sheet of paper, no law, no new rate, that allows us to run any numbers that suggest what we would or…
Bill Demchak: Not on the bank side, for the all reasons mentioned before that, we don’t want to buy yesterday’s sort of bank model and we don’t have a need for scale. Having said that, we continue to look at I’ll call them portfolio purchases, but asset generators that would make sense inside of our franchise and would add another product or service to an existing client base, we look at those all the time, we haven’t hit on it, but it wouldn’t shock me if we did.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. Commercial has been running maybe 45% and part of that is driven by the dynamics inside the changing rules and the money for the industry where...
Bill Demchak: The yields we’re offering are still attractive relative to a treasury-only fund. On the consumer side, there is some noise in there, because what happened was, as we get ready for LCR in ‘16, we had sort of promo rates, which were a large portion of our production, and obviously, higher than straight head-funds rates.
Bill Demchak: So, what you saw in terms of that basis point drop was getting out of promo and into something else and then...
Bill Demchak: … that you see a basis point increase because we haven’t changed and effectively haven’t passed through on the consumer side…
Bill Demchak: ...and you’ll see it, our held-to-maturity account appropriately, this quarter I think total AOCI as a function that hit the capitals, maybe a quarter of a point, we stress it inside of our own internally run stress, as we don’t think that’s a constraint on us as we go forward. I would tell you that, the move that we’ve had -- think about the move we’ve had in the back just a 10-year part of the curve through the fourth quarter is largely 80 basis points, which effectively is extended any mortgages or mortgage-backed securities you had in that book as far as you’re going to go. So, the negative convexity in terms of the size of the move of the markets you are going to have, my guess for us and everybody else is probably highest this quarter than what you’re going to see going forward.
Bill Demchak: Okay. Well, I can take that down a little bit there. The energy loans did actually rise a little bit. We’re still in terms of outstandings in that, $2.5 -- $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion range. And to answer your question, it was more -- the growth was more just good solid deal, so not anything in terms of draw. I don’t have handy the exact breakout. We did that in the slides last quarter for you in terms of the total provision that was energy related.
Bill Demchak: That’s been the issue for the last couple of years, but bulk of the increase in the provision was energy related. We can get to that I think...
Bill Demchak: Well, I think, it’s a different opportunity book. So, our loan growth if you think, if you track all the categories through time, we had reasonable growth in asset-based lending, equipment finance, a large growth in real estate. We’ve seen, particularly in real estate that trend continued to drop as we’ve seen the heat that’s kind of hit multi-family and some other things, other people continue to accelerate and continue to grow that book at high rates, we’ve basically backed off that, I don’t know that that changes. What the bullishness in the economy, infrastructure spend if corporates get back to capital, what that causes is growth in middle market and continued activity. We’ve also had growth in large corporate, mostly on the back of M&A related activity. But those two things probably accelerate if the buzz in the air becomes real, right. If people -- if we really do get infrastructure spend at the state and local level, if we really do get companies feeling confident about their ability to invest in core durables in a profitable way. We don’t have that in any of our guidance. But the bullish side, I mean, suggest that that opportunity sits out there.
Bill Demchak: Well, I mean, that the markup, I’ll accept your percentage, I haven’t looked at it. But just the rise in rates, the MSR is a big IO strip. So the value of that goes up.
Bill Demchak: We hedge it as effectively as we can. Our hedges outperformed the valuation move and the MSR. So we had a net gain in MSR hedging. I don’t know, Rob, what the net was this quarter, $30 million.
Bill Demchak: But there is no -- there is nothing inherently magical about this quarter other than the rate move itself. Again, if you go from Sep 30 to December 30 and you’ve got 80 basis points plus in the tenure, that causes a big swing in the value of that asset.
Bill Demchak: No. It’s effectively at a mark-to-market asset as a function of rates in prepay and all bunch of other assumptions, but none of that -- what changed was the inputs, not anything with the model or the accounting, that’s it.
Bill Demchak: Utilization hasn’t changed, I’m not sure, I mean, if I think of our mix and I’m not exactly sure what table you’re looking at. But if I think of our mix, we’ve seen real estate slowdown. We’ve seen large corporate continue at a decent pace. We saw middle markets finally turn positive. We’ve seen continued slow runoff in our smaller commercial book largely related to just running off old acquired books as opposed to new activity. We’ve seen growth in utilities as we’ve sort of begun kind of an aggressive cross-sell campaign against that book of business. We’ve seen stabilization finally in our asset base finance business. We did a lot of work there around LCR a year ago and we saw big quarter in equipment finance, largely just on the back of good cross-sell of that product into our traditional corporate clients. So, I don’t -- I -- the momentum feels right, probably, the one thing that has changed, through the course of 2016 is slowed down in the balances of our asset base lending book. As refis continue to kind of head towards cash flow lending on some of that and some of the utilization on that book, particularly related to energy-related credits is in fact declined. But core middle market that -- to me the broader economy, what’s driving our GDP, I get excited about when I see sort of core middle market businesses, manufacturers start to borrow and they did that in the fourth quarter.
Bill Demchak: Well, consumer was positive this quarter. We have planned it to be so into ’17, and I guess if you trend line what we had in C&I and now that might be a mix shift...
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Well, this, as it relates to the first quarter issue on NII, I mean, that’s largely a day count issue, where we had two days.
Rob Reilly: So, back that out, I mean, loans just in terms of our guidance, we kind of assume flat across the year. But I would tell you inside of that we have kind of continued fourth quarter pace for C&I and we have kind of continued fourth quarter pace for what we had in consumer. Inside of consumers, we’ve got a number of initiatives that ought to allow us to accelerate that through time, not changing our credit back so much, it’s just improving our process. And inside of C&I, a couple of sound bites. December was the highest sales month ever for our corporate bank. The fourth quarter inside of middle markets, the first quarter and multiple quarters where we actually had growth in plain vanilla middle market loans.
Rob Reilly: And so, maybe we’re doing a great job, but maybe some of the sentiment you’re hearing and feeling coming out of corporate America actually plays out and what we have in our forecast didn’t really build in that impact. So, there’s probably upside to that and the consumer piece, there is upside to too, but that plays out over the course of years, frankly, as we change technology, operations and some of the way we go about approving things.
Rob Reilly: No, no. I think you’re -- hi, Betsy, this Rob. You’re doing it correctly. Our full year guidance were up a bit on expenses incorporates the 350 CIP. And what we’re looking to do in 2017 is what we’ve been doing these last couple of years. A specific list of cost saves that in effect will fund the investments that we intend to continue to make. On top of that, with some growth that we have on some variable expenses around growth and fee businesses would be part of that as well.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I mean, I think, the best way to think of that, I think, that’s partially true. I mean, as you know, our goal is positive operating leverage. We’re definitively in a position where we feel we’ll deliver that and that’s what we’re going to manage to.
Rob Reilly: Well, look, so we’ll go back and restate what we said 25 times, which is we’re rationale stewards of your capital as it relates to our holding in BlackRock, obviously, a lower tax burden on disposition changes the economics on that, without knowing tax rate...
Rob Reilly: ... or any other things that may play through it’s hard to predict how that plays out. But look it changes the economics and we’re conscious of that and we’ll take that into account if and when we get to something that’s actually made...
Rob Reilly: So, yeah, so on the revenue side, up mid-single digits, again around the loan growth that we have there. The rate backdrop, as I’ve mentioned, we have built into our plans two rate increases in 2017, one in June and one in December both 25 basis points.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey, Gerard. This is Rob. I’ll answer that. That’s the key point. It’s a shift from the build out on the infrastructure to actually using the infrastructure and we have a lot of investments planned around various customer applications.
Rob Reilly: Premature, John, I mean, that’s going to be an issue for us in 2017, premature to conclude that. This is something, as I mentioned in the opening comments, we pointed to for sometime 2017 was the peak year. So, we’ll obviously keep a close eye on it, but premature to conclude anything yet.
Rob Reilly: Rob, it’s Rob. Yeah, I mean, I think, the simplest way to answer that Rob would be sort of what’s the value in terms of our revenue guidance of effectively the June rate increase that we built into our plan. There is the December too, but as we just mentioned that won’t have as big of an impact. And all else being equal, which not all else will be equal, but just for math purposes, we value that around $170 million to $200 million of revenue. So, if you wanted to put that into your model or back that out, that sort of answers your fundamental question. In terms of just sort of mid single-digit growth, I think, you just take a look in terms of what we would reasonably expect in terms of securities balances, the loans that we talked about and continued fee growth and they all sort of converge at that mid single-digit level.
Rob Reilly: No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. No, that’s right, Ken. So, the 350 captures everything that we planned to do in 2017. Bill mentioned, there could be upside, it’s in the back half of the year. I think it’s an important point though on the consumer lending transformation that we talked about, which is really a multi-year process. So, most of the savings that we talked about and pointed out there kick in post 2017 but we’re working on it now.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think, it’s largely -- it’s largely the same trends. If you just go through the opponents, I would still say asset management in the mid to high-single digits, consumer services mid to high-single digits, corporate service mid-single digits and residential mortgage probably lower than that. And that’s how I -- don’t add all that up, so that doesn’t add up, but that’s generally the trend that we’ve been on and that’s why that I point to mid-single digits.
Rob Reilly: Okay. So what I’ll do is the deposit beta one first. And I’m not sure, I understand the AOCI question…
Rob Reilly: … but on the deposit data, obviously, we keep a close eye on it. We’ve -- we break it down between the commercial and the consumer. On the consumer side, we’ve made some moves in 2016. We backed off promos a little bit. So I don’t expect a beta move on the consumer side soon. Commercials are a little bit more fluid. You can see, we’re still trending below what the average is, so we may see some movement in ‘17 on the commercial. But I would definitely expect to see sequence-wise commercial before consumer not sure.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. And I would just add to that, that’s right 20 basis points, so capital ratio went from 10.2 to 10…
Rob Reilly: … on provision this year and even some of our charge-offs, a lot of it was not direct energy but rather industry is impacted by...
Rob Reilly: So some of the charge-offs we’ve had in our asset base book and our services book were not directly energy, but basically companies have lost demand because of it. The issue we have is, we get forward provision guidance and we’re going to say this every time, somebody asks us is, provisions have been low, particularly when you back up the spike that we saw in energy or energy-related early in the year and at some point, they’re going to normalize, whether we run a 20 basis points of charge-offs this quarter, it ought to be through the cycle 50 and so, we kind of always tell you, watch for the 50, even though I don’t necessarily expect it next quarter and you’ll ask me again next quarter and we’ll see what we think about the second...
Rob Reilly: So, you’ve got to remember, who our core clients are which bulk investment grade corporate leverage, I think, is it an all time high and will on a coverage ratio basis get worse as rates rises, something they’re not 100% hedged, which I think is a safe assumption. They still have debt capacity. So, the way we kind of think about it is, it wouldn’t be unlikely that you would see at least in our internal ratings downgrades in provision, but it wouldn’t stop us from lending into an economically profitable relationship, albeit at a higher spread and hopefully more cross-sell associated with it. So, there is loan demand out there coming from the BB+, BBB kind of sweet spot client for us, we’ll lend into that. But the issue in middle market for the last two years or three years, as they just haven’t borrowed. The borrowings you’ve seen have been largely large corporate and that’s been M&A related and/or share price, share repurchase which is driven leverage. I think there is a big opportunity for this country for kind of middle to small large size corporate to start investing in themselves and to grow. And like I said, we saw -- we had a record sales month in the corporate bank in December and we saw growth in middle market balances for the first time in a lot of quarters in the fourth quarter. We had a record quarter, on our Southeast markets particularly in Chicago. So there is a lot of good momentum out there. What I’m cautious about is nothing has actually happened yet, other than there has been a move in rates, right, and it changes sentiment. And I think we need to start seeing some of confirmations get through. We need to see real progress on tax reform. We need to see real progress on infrastructure, spending bills of state and local, and then all of a sudden, this thing takes flight, but right now, it’s just people talking about it.
Rob Reilly: But if -- the point is will we see some more momentum around consumer, the answer is, yes. We are expecting that.
Brian Klock: Thank you and good morning. Bill, I had a follow-up question again, I guess, on the commercial loan side. You talked about how strong December was, I wanted to, I guess, follow-up and think about. If we’re looking at the linked-quarter, it does look like loan growth was down a little bit from the linked-quarter and actually it was little softer in the retail, wholesale and manufacturing side of things. Overall, on a year-over-year basis, it’s only up 2.8%. So, I guess, are you seeing more extensions of lines of credit, maybe the utilization rates have gone down and is there any...
Brian Klock: Got you. And I guess, thinking about that way, your commercial loan growth, you continue to have the sort of runoff in the non-strategic and some of those consumer books, which weigh down the overall consumer.
Brian Klock: So you think the 5%, I guess, would it be a 5% plus growth you would get from commercial or maybe the consumer would be a positive this quarter or maybe just less of a negative…
