Richard Johnson: Brian, I think the key for us is that, as I mentioned, that we're very comfortable that were going to have a lot of capital flexibility. We do today and even when Basel II and Basel III going to play, we're very comfortable we have a lot capital flexibility there as well, even if we do have to provide an additional 3.2% on the ratio, which there's a lot of question still around whether that's going to play out. So I don't see us in a position where we are going to get rid of value and valued securities that we don't need to as long as we have the capital flexibility, and we believe we will.
Richard Johnson: And Brian, your two-thirds/one-third is correct. Keep in mind the two-third on the securities, two things about it: the paydown of 30% will result in a 60 basis point-improvement in the ratio. So that's pretty substantial. Also today, the way the rules are written they're asking for dollar-for-dollar capital with respect to securities when, in essence, we will get tax credit if those securities are worthless and that's not in the rules yet. And similar to the BlackRock investment, that should be there. And I think that's one of the challenges we'll want to make. So you don't know whether that's going to be pre- or after-tax.
Richard Johnson: I think it is. We had two significant items in the quarter. Clearly, residential mortgage, we put up the expenses on foreclosures. We had about $109 million in total. About $70 million of that was on the foreclosure piece, and so we think we have reserved for that risk as we've started to go back and restart all our foreclosure activities. We also had an impact on compensation, which primarily was driven by the fact that we had a great quarter in business performance, and some of the models pay off based upon directly on that revenue, as well as the stock price was up in the quarter, and that drove compensation expense up as well. So you had a number of items there which may or may not repeat themselves as we move forward.
Richard Johnson: We changed the servicer and had to update our estimates of what the cost was there. We had to take a one-time hit there, which we won't have a problem with, with other services.
Richard Johnson: That's correct, John. We set up about $65 million in our brokered home equity space. We're very comfortable that we're fully reserved there on that portfolio, as well as we set up about $35 million on our best lender as we decided it was time to start to setup specific reserves on some of our special-mention credits in that space and that, too, is somewhat of a one-time item.
Richard Johnson: Yes, Harris Williams had a great quarter. And that's up over the prior quarter as well. TM, Capital Markets, all those areas just had a good quarter, overall, in terms of strong client flows, and I would say particularly Harris Williams. We see the pipeline is very strong there so we expect that to continue.
Richard Johnson: Yes. I mean, Ed, the wildcard, obviously, the scheduled accretion is pretty clear, right? You just map that out. The wildcard is how much we continue to get on the cash recoveries on the impaired loans and as you know, we've been outperforming on that almost every quarter. And what we're finding is that the marks on the commercial side are giving us good opportunity to either get paydowns and you're seeing those recoveries in that. If you look at the consumer side, I'm really pleased with how that's going. I would say that well over 80% of that portfolio is performing today. And in fact, we're just about to move about $250 million of that book in the home equity space into the retail bank because it's performing so well and it's with existing customers. So feeling pretty good about the marks and how that book has played out for us.
Richard Johnson: They haven't given us any insight on the final rules. But they certainly would like us to get over that hurdle as we go through the current discussions around capital. And we're fine.
Richard Johnson: Yes, Ed, if we saw an opportunity to get value out of selling them, we would. But I think for the most part these are good high-yielding securities and we like the credit risk in the book. And again, like most other things we look at, it's risk and return and we like those securities today.
Richard Johnson: Gerard, if you look at Page 8 of our supplement, we show you how much is returning to performing each quarter. I'm not expecting that trend to change, it's somewhere between $100 million and $150 million a quarter. So I think you can expect that to continue.
Richard Johnson: At the end of the year, we're still short about a year and a half. The only reason why it changed from where we were before was because rates have gone up a little bit. And as you know that kind of extends some of your assets and pulls in some of your deposits, so that was more rate-driven than any action on our part. I think at least for the moment, we kind of like where that is and we'll be watching rates as we go forward.
Richard Johnson: There's still obviously commercial real estate that moving into that portfolio and charge-offs there are up. We're also looking at other asset categories where we feel we ought to sell them and move out of those categories, so we moved assets, I'd say about, I think about $100 million of that is on assets we moved into held-for-sale, which we'll be selling at the later day. But it won't be volatile, Mike. As you know, if we take the actions we should around the book given the reserve levels we have, you have to have charge-offs over time.
Richard Johnson: It could be lower, it could be higher, depending on the credit actions we take in any particular quarter.
Richard Johnson: I'm going to say the number is about $7.6 billion, Mike. One thing about that rule, which I really feel that they're going to have to take notice of, to expect somebody to show dollar-for-dollar capital on something that you can absorb the deferred tax asset on by being able to -- we're not going to lose dollar-for-dollar on those securities. So that's way over the top on the capital side. So I think that's something like we did with BlackRock stake, where we're going to have some intense discussions around how that should be handled. And…
Richard Johnson: Well, we've given you our actual Tier 1 common today, is $9.8 billion. If we were to retroactively implement Basel III today according to the way the rules have defined right now, which again, it's hard to say and we said it's $3.2 billion, we'd be at $6.6 billion.
Richard Johnson: I expect the core net interest income to grow. In other words, the net interest income without the impact of purchase accounting.
Richard Johnson: No, definitely not making that prediction, that's correct. But the provision, I believe, will be down by $800 million-plus.
Richard Johnson: Well, we're probably starting to see close to the bottom on the deposit side, but we will have some potential further repricing throughout the year. The real opportunity here is rates have started to go up. Asset growth is starting to improve. I think those together is going to help us to keep core just where it is. And I think what you really want to take is core from the fourth quarter and take a look at what's happened with rates recently and our ability to be able to lever into that just a little bit.
Richard Johnson: Well, I think the numbers I mentioned on residential mortgage, which was primarily the foreclosure number, that one-time event there relates to the recent ceasing of foreclosure. And so, I think we have adequately reserved for that component. I'm not expecting anything in that space to come in the future, and I also will not have an additional charge related to a servicer, which is another $35 million to $40 million. So I think that $110 million is something that I don't expect to see repeated. And on the comp side, hey, if business performance continues to go, obviously that'll go up, but this is a very high adjustment in this quarter, so I don't see it being that high in the future.
Richard Johnson: I see that as getting our life-the-date reserves to where they need to be today. And I think that will be adequate to cover our exposure in those areas.
Richard Johnson: Well, I think a couple of things. One is, I think the third quarter is probably better indication of what the running rate is, given all the unusual items of the fourth. And then secondly, we're not done trying to take costs out of the franchise. And so we'll continue to try to lower that running rate as we move forward.
Richard Johnson: Our loan-to-deposit ratio at 82%, we're in great shape as it relates to Basel III. So we're not trying to prepare ourselves. Obviously, we're trying to roll our debt out longer and have, I think, over a year and a half to two years of capacity on that front right now and we're just very liquid institution.
Richard Johnson: No, just normal credit management actions to try to clean up what's in the portfolio that we previously reserved for and charging off what we think we're not going to recover.
Richard Johnson: No, we've been cleaning it up all year long. I mean this is just an exercise. And we believe that we'll continue to see that kind of charge-offs level in the commercial real estate space probably through midyear. And then at that point, I think, we're starting to feel optimistic that we'll start to grow the commercial real estate exposure. So we've got a little bit more to do here in terms of cleaning up.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's the Troubled Debt Restructurings. As we continue to do modifications, as you know, and when we get the principal or interest, we have to put it in non-performing. And if it performs for six months, then we take it off the list. Right now, I would say that probably 50% of the residential mortgage comes off the list in six months. And about, I want to say, about 70% of the home equity comes off the list in six months. So that's the way it's been performing.
Richard Johnson: Well, it could be any number, but we make them a troubled debt restructure when either we get forgiveness of principal or we give a below-market interest rate.
Richard Johnson: Well, yes, a lot of the information you're looking for is obviously in our Qs and our Ks. So we'll be updating that with the filing of the K this time around, but we'll try to get back to you on specifics before then.
James Rohr: Everyone likes to take the maximum impact. And one, we don't know how BlackRock is going to fare. They frankly don't fit the leveraged investment. They set up the minority investment rule because they didn't want banks investing in other banks that were highly levered companies. BlackRock is not a leveraged company at all. And so there's some question as to how that interpretation is yet to play out. Secondly, the securities book, as Rick had in his presentation, pays down just naturally by 30% before we even get to 2013. So under the current run rate, if you look at where we are at the end of this year and take our earnings and just simply the maturities that we have in 2011, we'll be in excess of the Basel capital requirements in '11 that are required in '13. And that's without selling any securities or doing anything else. So I think we're very, very well-capitalized and comfortable that we're in a great place going forward.
James Rohr: The 150 target, of course, depends upon asset growth. I think we're seeing, the good news is, when you look at the fee income businesses that we have, whether it's Treasury Management or Capital Markets, some of the items that we have in the consumer space, those items are going very well and the cross-selling is the key to that, as you know, John. To the extent that we're able to cross-sell and deepen our relationships with our customers, we can grow fee income. Now if loan demand comes back, it'll be more difficult to reset because net interest income will grow. Or if interest rates are higher, given our balance sheet positioning, net interest income will grow and non-interest income will grow because we'll continue to sell those products. So the ratio may not hit the 150, but you won't mind that because both revenue items will be in a growth mode. So I think we're moving down that path. What we say is things that we control and things we don't control, if there's no loan growth and if interest rates stay where they are today, we'll continue to drive fee income higher, and that ratio will grow as it did in the early 2000s. However, if loan growth comes back and interest rates are higher, they'll both grow. And the ratio won't.
James Rohr: Just to give you a sense, one of the things that's happened is that both National City and PNC had very, very strong relationships with their commercial customers across their franchises. However, their ability to become the agent bank for a lot of the middle market companies was restricted by the fact that the size of each individual company couldn't really position themselves and take a large enough bite to become the agent. As we see the trends across the franchise now, it's the ability to become agent. And when you become agent, you capture 80% of all the ancillary income for middle market companies has dramatically grown because of our ability to take a larger size. And so, that's one of the benefits of the merger that I don't think we adequately estimated when we started.
James Rohr: Well, I think we have to wait until we hear back from the regulators. Capital is very important. We think we have excess capital. We'd love to raise the dividend. We're hopeful of hearing back in March from the regulators. We hope that we hear back that we can increase the dividend. And we hope that we're also in a position to do some share buyback as well because of the capital position that we have. I think capital is an evolutionary thing. It's good to have a lot of capital in an environment like this, and hopefully we'll be able to use it for loan growth. But we've shown in the past that we've been more than happy to return a great deal of capital to the shareholders if we don't have an alternate use for it with the appropriate risk-adjusted return. So I think it's, given the regulatory environment now, it's hard to come up with a targeted number because we still have work with the regulators.
James Rohr: Well, everything we've done for the last decade has been about risk-adjusted returns. And for the most part, we've gotten that right. And if you don't get the right risk-adjusted return, then you probably shouldn't make the loan or buy the company. And I think we've been disciplined about that. And we've taken advantages of opportunities. But we've been careful. I mean, we looked at 40-plus, I don't know what the number is anymore, Rick, it's way over that, FDIC transactions and bid on none. And I think the opportunities for us to buy large banks is, to a great extent, limited, not that any of them are for sale. But a lot of that's quite limited. So first of all, what we want to do is grow this franchise. And I think that numbers in the cross-sell and all the things that are in the presentation, that's really number one, two and three for us. We have a tremendous opportunity to do that. Secondly, if there are fill-in acquisitions, they're typically small and you've seen us in the past buy banks that are in and around our franchise where we can take out the cost in a shareholder-friendly manner and leverage the brand and the technology. That really works for us and gives us high returns. So I think we want to do those things. But as I said in the last question, increasing the dividend and buying back a few of our shares, I think, has a very high return and is what we want to do for the shareholders in the immediate future.
James Rohr: Expense saves are always important to us. And when you look at that outlook chart, continuous improvement is something that we've had, I don't think there's any question. We've got a number of organizational changes that we're in the process of implementing right now and there's a number of things that we'll do over the course of the year to take additional expense out of the company. So I think you can trust us to manage our expenses. That's a very, very important piece. We have a lot of the ideas from OnePNC that are still around that we haven't implemented across the entire franchise. And there's a lot of new ideas. I really have to admit that the continuous improvement area has been able to gin up an awful lot of ideas coming from the businesses and the staff functions have become more efficient. So that's just now part of the culture of the company.
James Rohr: We have to look at each one, one at a time, Gerard. I think this could be an interesting environment. I think there's going to be a lot of selling going on. I think that when you look at the troubled bank list, that's gone from 19 to 860 at the FDIC, I think there's going to be a lot of opportunities and I think there'll be more sellers than buyers. So I think over time, I think it's a buyer's market. And I think you just have to be patient. I think you have to do the right thing for your shareholders. And I think that's what we're going to do.
James Rohr: I just made my bet with Fink [ph] and Capito [ph] yesterday and those guys are tough negotiators. I got the three point, I have to give the three points to those guys, but if the Jets win, I have to fly to New York and buy both of those guys dinner. If the Steelers win, I still have to fly to New York because they won't eat dinner in Pittsburgh. So they're going to buy me dinner.
James Rohr: Most importantly, we're very comfortable with the provisioning and the reserve that we have to take care of the problem assets.
James Rohr: Well, we could but if you don't take any action and you just have the earnings roll forward that we expect and the maturing of the securities in over the course of 2011, we'd become in complete compliance of the 2013 requirement sometime during '11. Just we're doing nothing just by earning money and letting the securities roll out. And in Rich's presentation, 30% of those securities just pay-off over the next two years before we get into 2013.
James Rohr: I think there's probably seven answers to that question. One is, I don't know yet how they're going to define systemically important financial institutions. One is just basically by size. In that case, we might be included. The other one is the systemic people who take on a lot of systemic risk that have a lot of international connections as well as an enormous amount of counterparty risk, they clearly have a systemic profile that's different than ours. And with an 82% loan-to-deposit ratio and the capital ratio we have, the risk profile we have versus those is clearly different. So I don't know where that would be. Secondly, if they were systemically, I'd would guess that if you were systemically risky, and additional capital was required, I would think that we would end up in the low end of that scheme if there were additional capital required. So secondly, if there were additional capital required, we already have more capital than almost everybody else in the industry on a ratio basis, so that doesn't bother me. And thirdly, I think the capital ratios we have would allow us the flexibility to be in the acquisition game for anybody that we would see might come up on the horizon. So we're very, very comfortable with our capital position, Mike.
James Rohr: One clarification, the $90 million that Rick mentioned was in other non-interest income, not expenses.
James Rohr: Well, I would love to know the answer to that question, because then we could just set a share buyback and go with that number. I mean, that's going to change in different economic environments right now. I think we're very happy to have more capital than less. But clearly, we believe that all the forecasts that we have show us having more capital than we need. So I think we have to wait to hear what the regulators say to us in the first round. Hopefully, we'll hear that in the next couple months.
James Rohr: We don't have a target for that, Ken. And one of the reasons is that it depends on what opportunity is for us to use the capital. And if you look back to where we were in 2004, '05, '06, where investing in acquisitions and because of the pricing and investing and if the loan growth that people had, which had low economic returns, we basically didn't grow the loan book and everybody else was growing HLT loans and subprime loans and all the risk. And we just thought the risk-adjusted return wasn't right, so our dividend payout ratio at that time was in the 60s, I believe, and we were buying back a lot of shares at the same time. And yet if we find an opportunity where loan growth and good customer growth is available, I mean, we'd rather, you would want us to leverage that capital with a good economic return. So I think the payout ratio that the Board has been comfortable with in the past has been 30% to 40%. But right now, everything we see going forward, we've got way more capital than would be required by the normal growth of our customers.
James Rohr: There's a lot of questions around that. And the industry is very active in terms of trying to mitigate that. There's no question that, that ruling has turned that business into a negative business for the entire industry. Now our costs are in-line so we're not particularly worried about that. But take away an entire line of business that has benefited the retailer probably more than anything else without even reviewing it in the Congress is really something that's kind of amazing. And so, we're working hard to hopefully have a study done and postpone the implementation.
James Rohr: I'd rather bet on a Steelers game. But I think there's going to be a lot of activity. I mean there are a number of things in the financial services bill that have to be reconciled, and I think the Durbin amendment hopefully will be one of those.
James Rohr: And we sold 339 properties in the quarter and we're pleased about that. And when you look at our OREO, OREO properties or OREO expense went down. So we were pleased with those marks.
James Rohr: Well, we hope we're trying to get it in as fast as we possibly can. I think it's kind of something that should evolve over the next two to three years. But a fair amount of it should come in, in 2011. If you look at the trend that we showed about the growth in revenue and the cross-sell and the referral networks, I think we're highly optimistic that we're going to continue to grow customers and grow share wallet. And by the way, the sales ratios in the East are not exactly where we want them to be either. And so we want those to continue growing, which they are. And just the opportunity -- the bigger delta is in the West. So you saw the percentage increase as we showed in sales especially after the conversions were completed in the second quarter where actually, if you're converting a market, a lot of people are involved in that conversion process. Once that was finished, you saw people go back to the customer space. And I think the growth in sales in the second half as we have on the chart, pretty impressive.
James Rohr: Well, the spot numbers are in the appendix of the release. And the interesting thing, I think, is that we saw increases in virtually every commercial category. And I think that's going to continue going forward. And if you think of the manufacturing folks where that's been so soft for a long period of time, now you have a lot of activity has picked up in the manufacturing side. And the steel prices, for example, are up almost 100% in the last three months. And so, for asset-based lending and some of our middle market companies, their inventory levels now just became twice as expensive as they were three months ago. So as they work through the old inventory costs and are replacing that, I think you're going to see borrowing requirements in the manufacturing space pick up as well, assuming the economy continues. And so, I think that's when you'll see utilization rates change to some extent. But every category was up spot-to-spot. I mean almost every category was up spot-to-spot in the quarter.
James Rohr: No, just thank you very much for joining us. 2010 closes out as an exceptional year, I think, for PNC. And we're looking forward to 2011 being another fine year. Thank you for joining us.
