Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we delivered another strong quarter, generating $1.6 billion of net income or $3.78 per share. The combination of continued growth in our commercial and consumer loan books and higher rates drove net interest income 14% higher and our net interest margin increased 32 basis points. By the way, that's the largest sequential increase in NIM in more than a decade. Non-interest income was also up modestly, reflecting strong private equity performance and a record quarter in loan syndications, partially offset by weaker M&A activity. We remained disciplined on the expense front, resulting in seven percentage points of positive operating leverage. Our credit quality was largely unchanged in the quarter. While we have not seen any meaningful deterioration in credit quality taking place, our provision of $241 million reflects our slightly weaker economic expectations. Our capital levels remain solid, and we returned $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders during the quarter through share repurchases and dividends. We continue to make good progress on our strategic priorities. Our new and acquired markets performed particularly well across all lines of business, and we see significant untapped opportunities across these markets. We also continue to invest in our payments capabilities to provide differentiated value. We recently acquired Linga, enhancing our capabilities to better serve restaurant and retail clients, particularly in the small business space. And during the quarter, we made enhancements across our retail platform to drive customer convenience and retention. For example, we recently announced a partnership with Allpoint to give our customers surcharge-free access to 41,000 additional ATMs from coast to coast. With this partnership, PNC now offers customers surcharge-free access to more than 60,000 PNC and partner ATMs across the country. In AMG we saw positive quarterly flows of $4 billion, driven by both the private bank and institutional asset management. We are recruiting top talent and remain focused on taking share in all of our markets. In summary, in the third quarter, we executed well as a national Main Street bank, and we are in a position of strength as we look to the future. As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work in the third quarter and for everything they do to deliver for our customers, communities and our shareholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob to provide more detail about our financial results.
Bill Demchak: It's going to be a bit of a mechanical exercise. So if you assume the Fed is done, if you look at past cycles, you'll see banks continue to increase rates as deposits get scarce. So, there's a little bit of beta creation. Offsetting that, more than offsetting that in our case, because our -- the short-dated nature of our securities book is the roll down of the securities that mature and then get redeployed it to then higher yields, right? So, it will be that fight against where the deposit prices go once the Fed stops versus the roll down of the book and the re-price of the yields on the book.
Bill Demchak: Just a general comment. Our exposure to REIT has grown as some of the capital markets opportunities have declined. But some REITs are risky and some aren't depending on what their underlying property types are. And we price for risk and decline risk when it's the right thing to do.
Bill Demchak: There is no trend in there. It's one shows up, one goes away, and it's off such a small number. It's hard to look at.
Bill Demchak: You have a lot embedded in that question. So start with the swaps. You will have seen, what's the number of $4 billion, $5 billion, we dropped this quarter? If you look at our overall exposure to rates, we're basically -- we're flat to even more asset sensitive to where we were six months ago. Purposely not wanting to invest into this market, so we've let stuff rolled down and kind of replace what's rolled off but not added. Our book today, I guess, our bond book has a duration of 4.6 years, swap book's, 2.5 or 6.2.3. So it all rolls down really fast. And it's rolling down off of yields that have one handles on them that get replaced today at 4.5 plus, assuming everything stops right here. So there's a big opportunity set in the re-pricing of that book and then there's an opportunity set and simply adding duration when it's the right time to do that. I don't think it's the right time to do that yet.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean the duration of the swap books 2.3 years, Rob saying, so it's all bullet maturity. So I'm guessing you're going to see a 30-year.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, we are today much more exposed to down rates than we are to operate. We make lots of money when rates go up or even if they stay just where they are here. We're underinvested, we're asset sensitive. The pieces of that you shouldn't get too hung up on. The exposure we have has fairly short maturities, both on the swap side and on the bond side. And so simply staying where we are gives us the opportunity to reinvest what matures at higher yields, whether that's swaps rolling off or bonds rolling off, and we're going to do that. We will also, at some point, add to get rid of some of the asset sensitivity. We're just not doing that yet.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I've been in a camp for a while in arguments with our economics team. That -- it was going to take a lot higher rates and inflation was going to be exactly what played out. So assuming that what's playing out is what we thought six months ago, you don't buy anything. Was that any harder than that.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Corporates are kind of doing what you would otherwise expect depending on their size. Money market yields are doing what you'd otherwise expect, so you have a set of boundaries on competition from money funds have a set of boundaries and competition from high-rate deposit accounts, the online deposit accounts. So it's really just the re-pricing of the core consumer just occurs slower than I think the industry assumed.
Bill Demchak: I would tell you that we're probably getting close, but I continue to think and we've seen a lot of this play out at the back end of the curve is going to sell off here. I mean my base expectation is that it's going to be tough to get inflation down. They even have a two handle on it. But I do think the Fed is going to pause at some point. When they do that, inflation is still sticky and I think you're going to see the curve flatten. So I just -- it's tough to want to lock in term rates at the moment and essentially eat negative carry three months from now.
Bill Demchak: No, you'd go negative in three months based on foresight. So, we need to see some semblance of when and how the Fed is going to stop and whether or not inflation is really move towards two or just kind of gotten down to the low 3s and sticks there, which is what I'm afraid might happen.
Bill Demchak: You have to -- I mean, at some point in time, you would expect that to occur. That's a function of where you think liquidity is going to go from the deposit side, but I don't know what time line that would otherwise follow.
Bill Demchak: I'm not sure what you're referring to about construction. But broadly, we haven't seen any change in our credit book. I mean, we're seeing balances increase in credit card, which is a good thing. So people are finally drawing down on credit. But we really haven't seen deterioration in the performance of the book across anything. In terms of what we lend to, we just don't -- we don't change our credit box. We have a set of criteria that we lend to will change price and certain asset classes, prices are going up or in certain classes. Auto is an example where spreads are just too tight relative to where we want to lend. I can't think of any other examples where...
Bill Demchak: But if it's real estate construction, we've been active in the multifamily side. If you're looking at sort of smaller real estate...
Bill Demchak: Inside of that space, we actually had a record quarter in loan syndications. And we had a record quarter in middle market loan originations, which is related to that. So there's actually a lot of activity, particularly as the bond markets are drying up that benefits us. Harris Williams just was a big number in the second quarter. So when you're going off of that base, it's not as if the core underlying business, ex-Harris Williams is strong and it's actually doing quite well. And the M&A market at the moment is tough.
Rob Reilly: John, it's Rob. Yes, so on deposits, we saw a decline in the quarter, less so on a spot basis. Actually, commercial deposits grew there at the end of the quarter, but down quarter-over-quarter. When we look forward to the next quarter, we sort of see stable to down. On the consumer side, we do expect some downward trends just reflecting what we've seen lately, which is largely spend related, somewhat seasonal, but also the inflationary pressures. And then on the commercial side, we're calling it stable. Typically, seasonally, we see commercial increase and so far in the quarter, we have seen increases. But there's a lot of forces working against that with quantitative tightening and everything that's going on. So, we're calling for stable overall, down maybe a little bit.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. Sure. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our betas are running right now at around 22%. We expect it to go to 30% by year-end.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think in terms of the margin, we saw a nice increase, obviously, in the third quarter. We won't see that equivalent jump necessarily in the fourth quarter, but as the Fed continues to raise rates, we will continue to see some margin expansion.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So, we have been active re-purchasers of our shares. We've been operating under the stressed capital buffer framework, which allows us a lot of flexibility. We pointed to $700 or $750 as sort of our average purchase rate, which is roughly about what we've done since we reinstated our share repurchases following the acquisition of BBVA. So that's just a rule of thumb. We can do more. We can do less as conditions were. And so going forward, we'll see. We will be purchasers of our shares in the fourth quarter, the amount of which will be determined based on conditions.
Rob Reilly: Well, I mean, I think you said it. I think it's somewhat self-evident. As the Fed continues to raise rates, we will see increases in NII. Obviously, we'll see some higher expenses on the funding part, which gets to the margin. But it will continue to go up as the Fed rates continues to raise rates, at which point they stop doing that, then things will slow down, but that's probably into '23 as we take a look at our forecast.
Rob Reilly: I'd say all of the above other than maybe the TCE, that's not as much of a driver because it's not part of our regulatory capital.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. Want me to go ahead? Yes, on the delinquencies, Gerard, and I mentioned it in my comments, the increase was entirely driven by administrative delinquencies, which have largely been resolved. So delinquencies adjusted for that are essentially flat, maybe even down a little bit. On the non-performers, they are up a little bit. But as you know, we're coming up off of such, such low, low levels that some increase is inevitable and doesn't necessarily reflect a broader move.
Rob Reilly: That's the answer. That's relative to our expectations the consumers moved more slowly than we would have thought.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I mean, well, for the industry, it's all pretty straightforward. You see it there. I would say following -- at the altitude you're asking the question, following the flood of liquidity and deposits in the system, we're going to see those recede. And then in regard to the mix between net interest-bearing and -- or non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing, we'll see that shift. We're already starting to see it on the corporate side, but the bulk of our deposits in terms of the core deposits, it's the same ratio of 33% non-interest-bearing, two-thirds interest-bearing.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Well, Bill, you want to open up and I could add color. Well, just a couple of thoughts. I mean one is, obviously, there's a lot of conversation about it. But at this point, there's no formal proposals or anything to look at. So from our view, it's just observations and speculation. If we observe what's in place with the G-SIBs, our conclusion is it's not necessary for large regional banks, to your point, we thought that came through in the tailoring 95% plus of what we do is within the bank.
Rob Reilly: 99%, well -- that's 95% plus. So again, a simple structure, and it's unclear to us why an SPOE would need to be on top of what's already in place with the FDIC and the deposit insurance fund. So that has us a bit perplexed.
Rob Reilly: No, no. And we operate, as you know, mostly in the higher point of the spectrum in terms of credit quality. So investment grade and prime space and consumer approach is the same.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Well, the decline in the third quarter was more than just the macroeconomic backdrop. It was off of elevated levels of our Harris Williams unit in the second quarter, which were in effect. We did most of our activity in the first half in the second quarter with Harris Williams. So we knew that, we called that, and we put that into our guidance. And then just going forward in terms of our capital markets view, Harris Williams is the biggest component. Their pipeline is very big. The degree to which they do more or less deals remains to be seen. Our view for the broader category is flattish to down and recognizing there could be some upside or downside depending on the macroeconomic factors you talk about.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So I mean your question is just around in terms of the fees. In the Harris Williams line item, our efficiency ratio is probably in the mid-70s, just roughly plus or minus. In regard to the outlook in terms of the fees, we'll see -- obviously, I'll just go through the categories, asset management is probably going to see some headwinds. You can see what's going on in the equity markets, although any given day, who knows, but we'll be under some pressure. Mortgage obviously included in that. Card and cash management will continue to be strong. We have solid fundamentals there, and that's a steady Eddie, which will continue to expand. And then capital markets, I just spoke about. We sort of see it stable. We could outperform if people want to do deals. The pipeline is there, but it's just -- it's a question of whether the next 90 days, it occurs.
