William Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you can see on the slide, our quarterly results were strong, and we reported $1.7 billion in net income or $3.98 per share. Inside of this, we grew deposits and loans, increased our capital and liquidity positions generated positive operating leverage and maintain strong credit quality. For the past month, we've seen market volatility across the broader industry. And while we take this situation seriously and are closely monitoring the environment, it's important to note that these events have taken place within a few banks with very unique business models. Inside of our company, we really haven't seen any meaningful impacts from the events of the past month. Our balance sheet remains strong and stable, and we are operating the company in the same way we were at the beginning of March. Ultimately, over time, we expect the dynamics playing out in the banking system today to contribute to changes in the competitive landscape. And while it's still early innings, we believe that PNC will be a beneficiary from this process. That said, in the near term, we're not immune to the competitive environment and the deposit dynamics that will ultimately impact our NII in the near term, and Rob is going to cover that in more detail in a second. We remain focused on growing relationships across our lines of business, and we continue to execute on key priorities, including the expansion in the BBVA legacy markets. Rob will provide more details on our financial performance in a moment. However, for this particular call, he'll review our first quarter earnings in a slightly condensed manner to allow time to also cover key balance sheet focus points that have been top of mind for our investors in the last couple of weeks. And of course, following that, we'll be able to discuss your specific questions in the Q&A segment. Finally, I'd like to thank our 61,000 employees for helping deliver a strong quarter and everything they do to support our customers. Now with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
William Demchak: We're sitting here puzzled. We grew deposits average and spot against a backdrop of absent the volatility in the market, deposit still overall leaving the system, particularly in the government money funds and then the shrinkage of the total on the QT. our rate paid, if you look year-on-year, I think our total deposits are down 3% or something, which is less than most anybody would compare to. And we have purposefully been protecting the franchise in the course of doing that, I recognize some other people don't do that, and that's we'll see how that plays out through time, but we kind of feel we outperformed on deposits, so a little bit, yes.
William Demchak: Well, first of all, we look at that all the time. And as Rob put into his comments, a large portion of the deposit growth that we saw through COVID. So stimulus in the growth in the Fed's balance sheet. We just assumed had a life of a day, 0, because we're in an abnormal period of time. The core operating deposits that we have, particularly as you go in the middle market, are basically the monies -- the working capital monies that companies use to run their companies. We truncate and always have truncated the modeled lives of those deposits well below what the practical experience would show us, yes. So it's conservative.
William Demchak: And accounts, you almost can't compare what happened at Silicon Valley and Signature to any other bank I've ever seen in terms of the concentration of the deposit accounts.
William Demchak: Just the nature of them. I mean a lot of that money was -- it's capital raise money that was sitting there.
William Demchak: I think, Mike, part of the issue that we face here is you have an interest rate forward curve that's suggesting cuts out there. So if you believe that betas would be less. We kind of think the Fed's going to hold through the year and cut next year. Personally, I think they might hold longer than that. So everybody's NII guide is going to be all over the place depending on what they actually think the Fed is doing as we go into this -- the back of this year. Separately, we have seen just this heightened awareness of interest rates and what you do with deposits on the back of the banks have failed. You've seen the growth in the government money funds on the back of the Fed's reverse repo facility, which is a real thing. As long as they allow that to keep growing, they're at the market deposits, but they're basically getting drained from the banking system and making liquidity more expensive. So that's -- we took all that into account and said, "Look, if rates are higher for longer, if the Fed keeps draining deposits through its reverse repo facility, smaller banks really need to pay up super high rates to fund their balance sheets. It's going to be painful for us, and that's what we put in our guide. That may or may not happen.
William Demchak: Our new production is a little bit better than it was, but in fairness, at the moment, credit looks much better than we otherwise would have assumed. So it's a trade-off. Now it's going to be interesting, Mike, because the marginal cost of funds for the U.S. banking system has just gone up a lot as a result of this flurry. And so all else equal, you would expect credit spreads to widen here simply because the cost of funds for all banks has gone up. I haven't seen that play out yet, but it continues to be at least my expectation that it will.
William Demchak: I don't know what it is they might do. There's a lot of talk around should they eliminate the available for sale, opt in or opt out for the AOCI for banks our size and they may well do that. Part of me though, the reason we put economic value of equity in our presentation is, as soon as you start isolating specific fixed rate assets and ignore others. So what do you do with fixed rate whole loan mortgages, what do you do with held, it's all the same stuff. It's an accounting entry. And so I would hope that they would have a more holistic look as they do in Europe on measuring balance sheet risk to interest rates. I don't know where that's going to end up. And whatever it is they do is going to take a period of time. TLAC, I think, is a certainty at this point. It's a function of how much it will be and whether it's varied as a function of size and complexity a bank.
William Demchak: By the way, the issue, it's just -- it's worth mentioning basic interest rate risk management and the test around liquidity that banks go through, I mean, we did this, we run this stuff every single day with all sorts of different scenarios and the regulators require us to and we get measured on it [indiscernible]. I don't even know who was looking at these other banks. It's -- so to come in and say we ought to do more. We're already doing it is, I guess, my point.
William Demchak: A couple of comments. If you look back through our history, when we enter new markets, this is particularly through factor [PwC] and what we've seen with BBVA. We tend to grow loans at a pace in the new markets that would be above what you would expect as a long-term trend. And then over time, we cross-sell into those new relationships. So almost think of it as it's kind of advertising dollars she otherwise participate in a deal and I hope that you're going to get TM revenue and other things. What we'll see going forward is the cross-sell under the new relationships we've established. The ability to continue to grow loans at that pace should we choose to is probably still there? Do you get paid for it today the way you did when rates were much lower that's a tougher question. Now, the whole reintermediation in the banks from capital markets. I've heard some of that, by the way, the other way. All else equal, I suspect the long-term trend will be less in the banking system and more out of the banking system over a long, long period of time, notwithstanding what happens in the near future.
William Demchak: The only thing I'd say, we actually opened in March, twice the number of accounts in our C&IB franchise that we would otherwise open in a month. So away from the deposits that came in, we actually got a bunch of clients. The deposits will stay and get mixed, some will go, but we grew our account portfolio pretty substantially in one month.
William Demchak: It's a good question, and I haven't seen them, but it's worth. I don't know we put in the deck or not, but we underwrite to what 55 to 60.
William Demchak: And all of that stuff is stale and all the appraisals that you get are stale. And so in effect, what we end up doing is you assume that less leases renew than you otherwise would in a normal cash flow analysis. You dropped that pretty materially. You assume that lease rates, all else equal, are going to go down and then you have to put in the rehab costs to re-lease it. And then you discounted at a lower rate. So we've done all that building by building and then taking reserves against final kind of point make you think about Rob's number, it was at 9.6% we have against.
William Demchak: Effectively, you're saying, all right, I can have 20% of Class A office default and lose $0.50 on the dollar on a portfolio that was originally underwritten at 60%. That's a pretty severe outcome.
William Demchak: We -- look, we know how to do this, but we've been in the business for a long time. We have all the resources and have seen the activity in [Meadowlands]. We know all the borrowers were with. And we think we've laid it out pretty clearly. We're going to have charge-offs, but we've...
William Demchak: Not sure. If you put AOCI in, we're already kind of over the threshold. All else equal, I think we're well positioned and fine. We -- as Rob mentioned, we're at least at the moment, being conservative on our thoughts on share repurchase, but most of that is to kind of laid out the current environment, get through earnings and see where we are. I don't see any issue coming out of regulation that we won't be able to handle in the due course.
William Demchak: It's a great question. It's probably 50-50. So demand has softened a little bit. And then the marginal cost of [indiscernible] new clients has gone up so a little more picky than we were. It's probably 50-50.
William Demchak: I'm not sure. We haven't seen anything with our legacy clients in terms of behavior. Now they've -- we've seen money go into sweep accounts, government funds from corporates and individuals largely is a function of rate. I don't know that it has anything to do with diversification. As you go for smaller banks, I suppose that could become an issue depending on how much visibility there is into that particular bank's balance sheet, but we just haven't seen any of that.
William Demchak: To add-on held to maturity, so inside of AOCI today is one number, and then we have another smaller loss in held to maturity, which we disclosed.
William Demchak: Okay. Well, thank you for joining our call and your interest in PNC. And if you have any other additional questions or need follow-up, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. Thank you.
Betsy Graseck: First off, I just want to say, your slide deck is phenomenal. I just -- you answered so many of the questions that I had coming into this, I felt like you were reading my mind ahead of this call.
Betsy Graseck: No, it was great. You guys -- this is a great job. I have 2 questions. One is on the beta, the deposit beta, when you're talking about the 42%, obviously, that is aligned with the outlook that you just expressed for interest rate movements. I guess I wanted to just understand how you're thinking about the flex between deposit beta and deposit growth because part of me says, "Hey, I could have expected even more deposit growth than you gave me QQ and is there a rate paid element to that, that maybe you're holding back on and that's why the deposits weren't maybe as high as what some folks like me had hoped.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. No, QQ definitely, and I would expect after all of the banks finish reporting, we can have a better conversation on this. I was just wondering if you felt that if you had a slightly higher rate paid, would you have pulled in more? And I suppose the way you answered that question is you don't feel the need to. So that's great. And then just separately, as a fallout of what has happened with [C&IB] signature, et cetera, do you feel like there's any need at all to reassess the duration of the commercial operating account deposit liability, life. Is that something that having seen what happened at [C&IB, ]you would want to take a closer look at? Or do you feel like it's just such a different animal given what you outlined on Slide 10 with the granularity you've got.
Robert Reilly: And I would just add, we've got a focus on our core franchise and our clients. So on the commercial side, it's really the effect of commercial clients choosing to switch to interest-bearing from noninterest bearing. And the relationship is fully intact. And then on the consumer side, as Bill just mentioned, the interest-bearing deposits and the pressure around rates paid there.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. Yes, sure. John, it's Rob. The way that we look at it in terms of determining where we're going to end up, and again, it's an expectation. We'll see how it plays out ultimately, but you're on the right track. So if you take a look at our total deposits of $437 billion and you take commercial and the high net worth, the consumer portion of it is high net worth, which is around $230 billion. Those betas have moved. They're already a terminal. It's done. So that leaves roughly $200 billion or so in consumer deposits, as I mentioned in my comments, 10% of those are noninterest-bearing, which are transactional accounts, we don't expect a change. So you're at $170 billion, the minority of our total deposits of interest-bearing consumer deposits that are sort of in play and that we expect to pay higher rates on. So that's how we get to maybe a more conservative number than what you're seeing on peers that don't have the same mix.
Robert Reilly: So we did see in mid-March. We saw some inflows during that week that at the height of the disruption, but a lot of that's settled out. So we don't expect to see that be a factor for us positively or negatively as we move into the second quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yes. And I would just add to that, John. So Bill mentioned it, we have a relatively small portfolio. So we're able to go asset by asset rather than just broad strokes across a general portfolio.
Robert Reilly: Yes, we can see and we take a look at the nature of the accounts, mid-20s is our estimate. It could go lower. Our expectations are, though, that it would be in the mid-20s. And that's really on the basis of the nature of the operating accounts that we have, but as we just were mentioning, we know really well, and we know the nature of their activities. So it's really a knowledge of our operating book that gives us that indication.
Robert Reilly: Okay. I think you're asking in terms of the full year. So we've given you the new guidance around our NII, and then we've been through that. As far as fees go, we're calling it to be stable year-over-year and there's some moving parts in there. Some of the fee categories are doing a little better than we expected. Some are doing a little bit worse, but altogether, it's still stable.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So Harris Williams, you're accurate in terms of -- that's our biggest driver of our capital markets advisory businesses, and they had a slower than usual quarter in the first quarter obviously reflecting a lot of the disruption. And the pipelines are still pretty good. We're not expecting a big rebound in the second quarter, but potentially in the second half, but to your point, a lot of that depends on the psychology at the time. And the ability and the support for both buyers and sellers to do deals.
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right. And again, that's a conventional measure. So that's not our own personal PNC measure. That's how the industry calculates it.
Robert Reilly: So the 2.7% -- it's been pretty steady. So it's been a small percentage of our total commercial real estate hasn't changed nor do we expect it, certainly not to go up.
