Robert Reilly: Okay. Yeah. Good morning, Betsy. This is Rob. So in terms of NII and the trajectory that we're on, we knew at the beginning of the year that we would trough around this time in the second quarter and that's what's happening. We expect to grow from that trough level based on the repricing of our fixed rate assets as rates settle down. There is some reliance on the back half for loan growth, but all consistent with our full year guidance. Average loans up 1%.
Robert Reilly: John, this is Rob. So I'd say, for the full year, we're still planning and guiding towards stable. In the first quarter, you're right, we're off to a good start, in terms of realizing the expense actions that we took last year and CIP program that we have this year. But it's a little early in the year to roll that all forward. And like I said, we're off to a good start and we're well positioned for stable.
Robert Reilly: No surprises. Yeah. Everything's progressing as we expected. We started with the criticized, the NPLs are up a little bit, but everything is consistent with what we've been saying.
Robert Reilly: No, I would say -- so we laid it out in the slides in terms of what we see in terms of runoff. And obviously the projected AOCI burned down as it relates to capital, but all of that's in our guide. So in terms of what our expectations are, in terms of that behavior, that's in our full year NII guide, which is down 4% to 5%. But it does make the point in terms of what we were saying earlier. And going forward, the biggest variable is the repricing of our fixed rate assets than in this case securities.
Robert Reilly: And Matt, this is Rob. It's Rob. I'll take the opportunity to reiterate our view that 2025 will be a record NII.
Robert Reilly: The variance is all over the place. But as a practical matter, if we were underwritten at the start at $0.50 to $0.55 on whatever the appraised value was at that point in time, a big chunk of the book right now is effectively at par, and we look at resolutions that we've gone through. We've had everything from we get out whole to we lose $0.75 on the $1 on a given loan.
Robert Reilly: So, it's building specific. It's market specific, that's driving this. But loss rates are a lot higher. If you looked at office and said, hey, how much of values fall, it's a lot higher than 15%. Personally across the space, my view is closer to 30 or 40 or even higher.
Robert Reilly: Well, it's not showing up in appraisals here. We're just seeing it in actual resolution of properties.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. And then just on the deposits. Back at the beginning of the year, we expected deposits to decline year-over-year low-single digits. We still expect that, albeit in the first quarter. We did outperform that a bit, but our expectations are for again slightly lower deposits through the balance of the year.
Robert Reilly: Well, as I mentioned our comments on May 3, we'll have the opportunity to monetize 50% of our holdings, which our holdings are roughly $1 billion fix in unrealized gains. And that'll just be capital and we'll look at how we apply everything in terms of our excess capital, but we'll wait until we get the capital to do that.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. We had -- so, Ken, to answer your question, we are sticking to the 20% expectation for growth in capital markets year-over-year. Bill is right. First quarter was off elevated at fourth quarter levels. But in terms of the comp, last year in the second and third quarter capital markets was really soft. Harris Williams was really soft. And the pipeline suggests we are not going to repeat that. We'll be well above those levels.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. I would just add to that, Ken. Obviously, the business is doing well with the equity markets supporting that. The growth opportunity is in the new BBVA markets in the southwest, where you'll recall, BBVA really didn't have a wealth management business, so we're de novo, so to speak, in all those markets. But we're up and running with teams, inflows, asset inflows are occurring. And long term, that's where the incremental growth will come from.
Robert Reilly: Well. Yeah, we'll chunk that down. So we'll start with the positive operating leverage for this full year. We still think that's pretty tough, not including any Visa gains, of course, simply because of the NII and the rate issues and those run rates. We do feel good about our expenses. We projected and guided to being stable year-over-year. We're off to a good start in the first quarter, a little bit ahead where we expected to be, but we still got a long way to go. So all of the items that you talked about there in there, but the guidance is stable over year-over-year, which is important to us.
Robert Reilly: No. That's fair. And we've got capital flexibility, as you know, John, and that's where you want to be right now with the fluidity of everything.
William Demchak: I was just going to say that the largest driver is repricing of fixed rate assets. We expect some loan growth, but it's not a heroic number in there. It's simply to roll down of our securities book.
William Demchak: It's a variety of things. I think the capital markets activity in the first quarter in investment-grade debt put a lot of cash into the system and you just -- you saw companies that could hit that market, pay down revolver. So that was sort of a near term impact to it. There's -- as when we look out, there hasn't been any real inventory build, which I would expect given retail sales. There hasn't been much CapEx and capacity utilization has been holding constant at a pretty high level. So, at some point this needs to turn, but I think the first quarter kind of surprised us. And my best guess was that was on the back of just how liquid the public markets were.
William Demchak: Bleed is a bad word. The credit action at the moment is in the real estate book and specifically inside of office, consumer at the margin a little bit worse, but there isn't anything systematic going on in C&I that would cause us to have any different expectations of what we see now, and we're reserved for the moment based on our economic forecast.
William Demchak: Matt, I think what everybody's struggling with here is this notion of what's the Fed going to do in the next period of time. Is it new cuts or no cuts or three cuts, and we started out with six cuts.
William Demchak: Yeah. We did not, but the market did. We know based on forward curve the repricing of our fixed rate assets, the amount of money, incremental money we will earn from that has increased because term rates have increased. At the same time, that the assumption that the Fed will maintain rates here longer causes us to pause on what happens to deposit pricing through time, right? So there's a tradeoff. Higher rates in the long run, obviously help us on our fixed rate assets. Deposit repricing continues on if the Fed holds longer. A much slower pace than it's been in the past, but I think it's -- it would be a bit of a heroic assumption for anybody to say that deposit cost will continue to creep up in the face of a steady Fed. And so that's the trade off in the near term. Longer term, the repricing of the fixed rate assets towards the repricing of deposits. And that's kind of why we say, look, in the second quarter we trough, and then we pick up from there.
William Demchak: I mean, the biggest risk would be a massive curve inversion, such that we were repricing fixed rate securities at lower yields than they are today. Well, I mean then what they were three months ago. Our original assumptions in that forecast yields were hundred lower than they are right now. If they were to fall well below that, we would be at risk at that record number, although, still a high number.
William Demchak: Yes. I think it's both. Yeah. The capital markets activity in the first quarter, we're not -- the private credit side on leverage finance doesn't really impact us, but the public markets were wide open, by the way, our fees were up in that space for serving clients that way, but naturally at the margin that causes our utilization to go down. The other issue you can't ignore, right? But we've seen capital spend and inventory bill be next to nothing, even though capacity utilization is high, retail sales are high. And at some point that's got to give. But I do think there continues to be hesitancy on manufacturers in particular, just in the face of this economy, and I think that's part of it.
William Demchak: So, I'll let Rob hit deposits in a second. The assumption, I mean we have roll off both fixed rate loans and fixed rate securities. And the yields we assume in our forecast at this point are just forward curve, adjusted from whatever the right spread is of the asset we'd replacing, so like-for-like.
William Demchak: No. I don't know that I've thought much about how higher for longer impacts loan growth or not. The outlook that we have for rates at this point, our official outlook is we have, what do we say, two cuts starting in July at this point with the curve largely staying where it is. Our forecast, whether we're using current forward curve or even when rates were lower, our NII forecast isn't terribly sensitive to what we're assuming at least for this year because the incremental amount we'd make from higher yields on bonds and loans repricing, we're assuming is largely offset on the deposit cost leakage that occurs if the Fed doesn't cut rates. So we're not making heroic assumptions on rates. We don't really care where they go in the near term. What we know is once we get through the second quarter here, that the repricing of fixed rate assets simply starts to devore the potential repricing on deposits, and depending on where rates are.
William Demchak: Look, I think that's a possibility. One of the peculiar things about utilization is when credit conditions tighten, the utilization increases. It's actually one of the primary drivers of utilization. So bizarrely, loan growth would increase if you ran because utilization would increase if you ran into that scenario. But I do worry about that. Look, eventually if the only way to get rid of inflation is to really hurt the economy. I worry less about loan growth and more about long-term credit losses for the whole industry, just as right now everybody's planning for a soft landing.
William Demchak: Look, the letter was self-explanatory and we've kind of beaten the topic to death. I guess what I would suggest is, I think the banking industry by and large is set up to do well over the next 18 months or so simply through rates normalizing, assuming you didn't have big concentrations to real estate in office. And I think everybody in the near term is focused on that. I think long term, some of the charts we put in that letter. It's just hard to ignore. You see the two largest banks in the country who in the last four years grew of size, larger than Truist U.S. Bank and PNC put together. I don't know what the regulators think or don't think about that. The intent of the letter was to just point out that if what they wrote in the OCC comment letter was to freeze M&A across the country for any bank over $50 billion, I think you could see the outcome that we'll have in this country, which is a massive consolidation with the giant national banks. That's all my point was.
William Demchak: No. I think most banks are content to hang out the next 18 months because their earnings are going to improve and their internal forecasts are going to look good and everything's rosy. I worry about the out years. But in the near term, I imagine everybody's internal looks pretty good.
William Demchak: I'm not sure Fed funds versus CPI necessarily has much to do with loan growth. I think loan growth ultimately is driven by the economy, and the economy has been running hotter than most people had assumed. Then it's been running hotter than most people had assumed without big inventory builds. If you look at fourth quarter GDP, there was a drawdown on inventories. Inventories are directly correlated with utilization and loan growth, and CapEx has been muted. So, the economy slows. If the Fed has to slow the economy to a point where it's not a soft landing in order to get inflation under control, that can hurt loan growth. But if the economy is strong, you just saw retail sales, eventually it's going to translate into loan growth, independent of whether or not there's positive real rates.
William Demchak: I mean, the Harris Williams pipeline at the moment is larger, larger than it's ever been, but it's larger than it was last year, which the first quarter relative to their fourth quarter results, and that's what drove the quarter-on-quarter change in our total fees.
William Demchak: We have had success over the last year kind of repositioning who and what we are in the market, bringing in new assets. To accelerate that to a level where it becomes a meaningful part of our company, I think, is a bit of a challenge. It's a service to our clients, and we're good at it. But the trends are going the right way.
William Demchak: That's a tough business in my view to add to inorganically. Cultural differences, the way you go to market, the outright price and the goodwill associated with it and the return on equity that comes with that makes it all really difficult to do. And at least historically the opportunity to grow organically is much stronger than going out and trying to add to it through purchase.
William Demchak: Yeah. Look, no surprise, parts of California are the worst. But it really comes down to the building and the market. I mean, you could have a building that's in the right place in Pittsburgh, and it's doing absolutely fine and you could have a building that's in the wrong place in Pittsburgh, and it's literally worth zero. And that's the market we're playing with right now. Now, inside of that whole thing, we do feel that we've been ahead of this game, that were reserved correctly, that we are conservatively taking marks and we had the opportunity to do so. But it's going to play out over time. And your eyes aren't lying to you when you look out and see vacancies. And I think ourselves and the large banks have been pretty open about, it's going to be an issue. It's not a massive book of business for us. I'm not particularly worried about it. We're well reserved, but it's going to roll through the country and impact some of the smaller banks, I think in a way that is probably larger than people [Multiple Speakers]. Yeah.
William Demchak: With the margin, yes. But it is kind of just at the margin. So you see debt service coverage ratios decline as interest costs take more of the cash flow out in multifamily, for example, rents aren't increasing at the pace they once were. The massive difference though, Mike, is that all other types, or virtually all other types of real estate are cash flowing. So there's a value to them, right? They just might not cash flow to support the original amount of debt they had. The problem you have in office is in many instances, there's no cash flow at all. It's really a unique animal at the moment.
William Demchak: Well, you phrased the question almost exactly correctly, so congratulations. [Multiple Speakers] You think about it inside, we have always moving pieces. So inside of the NPR on Basel III end game. The one thing, it's all up in the year -- but one thing that you got to believe is going to stick as AOCI. And so if that's the case, then our printed A3 number is kind of a real number, and that would be otherwise too low for us if we want to build that through time. Some of that will happen just from the rundown of the book and some of that will happen through us building capital. The ultimate, where should we be Basel III end game, everything settled out number, I don't know that we've necessarily set yet other than it's higher than where we sit today on the A3. I think that’s…
