Bill Demchak: Thanks, Brian. Good morning, everybody. I imagine you have seen that earlier this week we completed our conversion of BBVA USA, and I got to say I'm really proud of the team and our ability to sign, close, and convert a $100 billion banking institution within a year. The dedication of our employees and our sustained investments in technology allowed us to convert roughly 9,000 employees, 2.6 million customers, and nearly 600 branches across 7 states. BBVA USA is now integrated into PNC and its customers can bank with us from coast to coast. We're bringing our technology talent and the full suite of best-in-class products and services to 29 of the nation's 30 largest markets. with attractive growth opportunities as you've heard me talk about for years to come. Now while we still have some more work to do, which is to be expected for bank conversion of this site, we're making solid progress with our staffing levels and the branch operations, and BBVA USA legacy markets. In addition, we're encouraged to see the teams build pipelines and importantly, growing new clients. That was BBVA legacy employees now on PNC systems, we believe our momentum is going to continue to accelerate as we previously, we're following the same game plan that we've used in previous acquisitions. And we know what to do and we just have to execute on it. With respect to our third-quarter results, we had a solid quarter highlighted by strong revenue growth, which included record fee income in our PNC legacy businesses, and continued improvements in credit quality, similar to last quarter and pretty much as expected, we had a lot of moving parts on our reported results. And of course, Rob will take you through those in a few minutes. Loan growth continues to be impacted by supply chain issues and the continued runoff of PPP loans and also, the strategic repositioning of the BBVA portfolio so which is consistent with our acquisition projections. That said, total PNC legacy loans if we backup the PPP runoff, actually grew almost 5 billion with growth in both Commercial and Consumer categories. And while the environment is still challenging, we're actually pretty encouraged by what we're seeing on the corporate side with spot utilization rates stabilizing and even rising a little on the back of strong new originations and our secured lending and corporate banking businesses. And on the consumer side, we're also seeing promising origination activity, particularly in the residential real estate business. Importantly, and as you see our balance sheet remains very strong and we're well-positioned with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our expanded customer base while making strategic investments in our technology and businesses. Another exciting development this quarter was the announcement of our integration with a clear data access network. This is through an application programming interface. The integration is going to allow millions of our customers, if they choose to do so, to safely share their financial information with FinTechs and data aggregators. It's an important step in our efforts to help our customers protect their data. We're also giving them the choice to share their data with third-party applications. Similar to low cash mode, this integration positions us as a leader in technology and innovation and enables us to best serve our customers. And I'd like to close just by thanking our employees throughout the newly-combined franchise for all their hard work, which enabled this conversion. A significant collaboration across all divisions is impressive and it gives me great confidence that we'll capitalize on the enormous opportunities ahead of us. And with that, I'm going to turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Hi, it's Bill. We've been, for the last couple of quarters, our new money commitments have been, I think maybe at record levels, Rob, but increasing each quarter. And so new business, new clients, in some cases just upsizing what we already had. And then quarter, we had a little bit utilization, but most of this was kind of new client growth.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, they're kind of related, I mean, the growth in our secured lending areas stood out and they traditionally have higher utilization, so in some ways, it was an increase in the overall average because we grew the book with the highest individual average rate. But even in the straight middle-market corporate book, it finally stabilized, and I guess went up a couple of basis points there as well.
Bill Demchak: With respect to wage inflation, you might have seen an announcement that we increased our base rate to at least 18 and beyond that, in some cases in certain markets. So it --
Bill Demchak: Yes, sorry. And so that is real, but that was already assumed in our financial assumptions. It doesn't have anything to do with our recent cost saves. But there's real pressure there and the only way through time to offset that pressure is through increased automation and then just frankly control on overall headcount.
Bill Demchak: Too early to tell, right? We're on this -- so average wages per employee are going to go up. The issue is how quickly we -- how we scale our franchise through automation so we become larger without more employees. And that's played out for a period of time here, John. if you just go through our financial statements, even going back for five years. We just need to continue that trend to be able to continue our pursuit of positive operating leverage.
Bill Demchak: It was painful. In its simplest form, we marked that securities book when we closed the deal, at really low rates that then continued through -- in fact, rallied through the quarter. So the prepay rates on their CMOs increase, and we had -- so you think about it, we mark a book to whatever the yield was, it's at a premium. All of that prepays because of the low rates, hopefully, we expect that to abate as rates have now going back up. But we mark them as premium securities and then got caught by the --
Bill Demchak: In its simplest form, what we did if you think about it, is it knocked down goodwill in the way when we marked a book because we had a higher-valued asset. So, it, in fact, took in Income upfront and pay for it a little bit this quarter.
Bill Demchak: I mean, Rob the securities yield once the guide on the -- like that book yielded 50 basis points or something.
Bill Demchak: Some of its branch closures -- some of it will be in the form of people who have stayed with us through conversion on stay bonuses. There will be shutdown of systems and vendor contracts and all sorts of different things that will roll through dependent on time. Some of which we leave around for a bit as backup for -- notwithstanding the fact we've converted, we'll leave some stuff up and running for a little bit of time just for the in-case.
Bill Demchak: It gives -- that's the wrong way to think about it. The fact that we get that done at one point in time allows us to then aggressively move costs. Because Legacy System shutdown, Legacy Vendor shutdown, related people who are supporting old applications, all of that stuff now starts rolling through the system.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And you know that -- look, at the end of the day the guidance is the guidance, right? We're going to get some more in the fourth quarter and then we're going to get it all next year.
Bill Demchak: Look, in its simplest form, you set a record, you assume you won't keep setting records. There's nothing out there that suggests necessarily that it's going to weaken from here. But by the way, inside of that, we obviously have , but we also had breakout quarters for Solebury and  and related advisors. If the market continues, that will continue to have great fee income out of it, but it's hard to keep, say we're going to budget or record upon a record. I think it's as simple as that.
Bill Demchak: I mean, if you go back in history, right? People would operate, I don't know where we were, 80%, 85%.
Bill Demchak: And that was kind of a liquidity safety function. So if you were short liquidity at that point, you'd raise wholesale liquidity to kind of keep your ratio at that point. Today, we're so flush with reserves into the system, wholesale funding is next to 0, and until the Fed -- forget about tapering, actually shrinks its balance sheet, that's not going to change. Now, loan growth even accelerated, and exaggerated loan growth will absorb some of that. But I think you're going to see in loan to deposit ratios low for a long period of time. And therefore, I think you're going to see security balances as a percentage of the balance sheet and we've already talked about this increase across the industry. And that's going to -- I think it's going to take years to play out.
Bill Demchak: Well look, with the first question. At the end of the day, we're always in the business of figuring out how to become more efficient. I think of the 900 is line items we know we can get. We actually know where they're coming from and when they're going to show up. So you're right at the margin we'll find some other stuff. By the way, we'll probably find some stuff we need to invest in too. So we just put that into our guidance. We say "Look, we'll get the 900. " We'll talk to you about '22 when we get closer but we haven't lost focus on the primary objective.
Bill Demchak: So but that's -- but there was a number that -- how to say this, visual until we can see it. We know the line items, it's very precise. The technology, look, it worked. We had at the margin, some confusion with retail clients on password resets and some other things, but the basic technology moving it overturned it on, it all worked. It's this just phenomenal effort by our team and validates the investment we've made over the years. I don't know what people have or don't have in terms of their ability to do that, but the biggest element for us, Mike, and I think we've talked to you about this, was in effect this data lake idea where since our applications don't hold their own data, they call from a Central Lake and they're linked through API and they're Cloud-native.  It just makes it very easy to move data and you onboard a new client, it's not much different than is if we just got a couple of million new clients overnight. That -- and I make it sound very easy and all my technologists are ripping their hair off right now. But that's what we did, and it worked. The investment in that was everything from the Data Lake, to Cloud Native, to API and everything. And frankly to having businesses in technology  So technology at PNC is not in the back-office somewhere doing its job, they're actually side-by-side in an agile team working with their business partners to develop product, and importantly, to execute the conversion, which we did. That cultural element is probably as important, or more important, than all the rest.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, one was the business transfer, you know, the personal foreign currency transfer business. I don't know what the other one was. And that's it.
Bill Demchak: We went through that before and I can't remember them off the top of my head, but they had twice the number that we have. That feels roughly --
Bill Demchak: Yeah. A little more, yeah. Why is -- why was that? I mean, that's the number that stands out. They're so much smaller, yet they had twice as many apps and we haven't got that state.I don't know. I mean, I think once you start using API-based programs, it's almost a click and drag, right? You don't have to recreate functionality across multiple applications. You can simply bring in whatever functionality you need from a library of API.  So let's say you have an application that just needs a checking account balance, rather than you write a full application that goes and finds a checking account balance off your core ledger, we just have an API you drag in and produce it. I think that's a big part of it. It's also credit to the team way back when we did National City, we moved everything onto a single application. A lot of times and BBVA might have done this, you'll do an acquisition, you just keep too many applications alive because you don't want to choose between one or between the two of them.
Bill Demchak: I think it could. I think that depends on  opportunity set, where the yield curve is, and how we think about long-term risk. Part of the issue today, John, is you have this long tail risk, maybe it's not such a long tail but that you end up with a spike in long rates because inflation becomes real. Which causes you at the margin to be slower than you otherwise might be in deploying that cash. I think as that risk normalizes if we don't see loan growth, you'll see balances increased.
Bill Demchak: I think they're going to be a lot lower simply because there's so much cash slash around. Remember even when the Fed tapers, they're not necessarily shrinking. And so with the cash in the system, that competition for deposits just won't be as great as it once was. So I think at the margin, they've got to be lower.
Bill Demchak: It varies across industries, they -- I shouldn't say without question, but the vast majority of our clients talk about the need and desire to build inventory and do more Capex, which is why some of the lines have been increasing. Their ability to execute on that is somewhat dependent on supply chain and it depends what industry you're in. If you're dependent on chips for your manufacturer, it's a struggle. Other businesses are not and could build immediately and maybe we are already seeing the benefit of that.
Bill Demchak: Mike would say, would say -- Mike  who runs a CNIB business would say it's as much as, perhaps a year faster. And he gets there largely because the teams are in place much faster than we had them in place with RBC, and we'll see how that plays out, but we're hitting the ground faster in terms of teams who are out-calling on clients. And then we also have a book of business with BBVA that is better than what we had with RBC. So we have the ability to up-sell that book of business on the fee side, you'll remember us talking about just their percentage of fees to total revenue being very low. So we have an opportunity for fee momentum early on, we have teams in place and we ought to be able to grow clients a little bit faster than what we saw in RBC just because we're on the ground already.
Bill Demchak: So what we talked about, or what we are contemplating offering, we literally have built today to our clients, and look, our clients are interested in it is an ability for them to trade crypto in a safe fashion through mobile app at PNC. I don't have to pine on whether I think that's a good investment or not a bad investment, we know with certainty that we have 10% to 15% of our clients who are moving money into and out of Crypto exchanges. So they're interested in it, and our surveys confirm that. The financial disruption of Crypto broadly and probably inside of that stable coin, is a real threat and it depends on how that plays out through time.  There's the risk I think that people are aware of with certain of the stable coins having, let's call it suspicious collateral behind them. But there is also the risk through time that a substantial portion of savings -- either domestic savings or even emerging market savings, get absorbed into a stable coin and not of the traditional money transmission system. And that would affect the economy and the ability to control the money supply long term. And I think that's what -- I know that's what the various regulatory bodies are looking at to figure out how to get their arms around. But that's independent of whether we let our clients trade .
Bill Demchak: Yields were buying today but we expect the yield on the total book to increase pretty substantially next quarter largely because of it's decrease in the amortization costs.
Bill Demchak: It's building and I mean, it was underperforming largely because they didn't have the products and services to cover the corporate opportunity that's in California. And by the way, that opportunities massive. So the big effort for us and we're fairly far along in the process is to get feet on the ground on the corporate side, who can cover clients and, in some cases, bring relationships with them. So we don't need to buy anything, at the margin, we might rearrange some of the branches there. But the real opportunity set in California is to get corporate bankers and TM coverage and capital markets players on the ground in California.
Bill Demchak: So the rollout has been somewhat seamless and of course, we just -- with the conversion of BBVA, we've put all of their customers or enabled that low cash mode on all other products who converted over. I forget the current stats, but it's millions and millions and millions of alerts that have gone out. It's millions of people who have been able to transfer money before they get hit with a charge. Its people being able to choose the order at which  want to pay a bill and return items with no return fee. And we -- in some ways, we lead the industry into this discussion and you've seen how people have reacted.  Part of our lead was in what we charge customers, but a big part of our lead was on technology, in simply empowering customers and most everyone who has followed is kind of doing it through brute force and just cutting fees, as opposed to offering different solutions, which is the most important thing about low cash mode, I think. We're happy with what it's doing. It's not our complaint volume into the Care Center down by -- I don't know what the number is on overdraft, over 50% or something.
Bill Demchak: It's embedded in our guidance. I mean, you got appreciate Matt, we're not -- if loans are up or down by a billion in a quarter, we're not going to putty over the organic result by doing something we otherwise wouldn't do. It will follow its ordinary flow. We'll grow clients. We are a larger Company so we can take larger holds if we want to. Utilization hopefully goes up. And as we always do, we're sensitive to risk and they have some folks of business that are both in some cases riskier than we'd like to be in. And in other cases, they just have no cross-sell opportunity and so the return on the equity you deployed to hold those loans is just really low.
Bill Demchak: If we get a tailwind at all, you're definitely going to see that. And I think and most importantly, if you go back and look at our loan growth through the period of RBC, so kind of 2 plus years after we did RBC, we started to really accelerate the corporate loan growth. And every you said, how are you doing that? It's all new customers and new markets, and we fully expect that we're going to be able to do that. And all of these new markets that we were just developed. Admittedly with some noise in the front because we're going to run off a little bit out of BBVA and outright loan growth is, as we've seen, fairly tepid at the moment.
Bill Demchak: It goes straight up through the pay grades. Most of the cost is actually in the compression, as opposed to the initial jump for the people who are at the lowest level. So a part of the work set to go through this to figure out, in fact, how you move people up who are today at 18, but tomorrow -- if the $15 person went to 18, the $18 person goes to 20-50 or some -- and I'm making up numbers here, but that's the majority of the cost. And by the way, it's a majority of the work set to get right.
Bill Demchak: You know Mike, I think you asked me this 9 months ago. And I said I can wish and hope for it, but I'm not sure I can predict it any better than the next guy. What we're seeing for the first time, right, is not just the new money going out the door, which we've been growing clients and growing committed money. But we're starting to see them move in utilization. And if that is foreshadowing what happens into the fourth quarter into next year, then we're going to have really accelerated loan grown. If we bounce around where we are, then it's going to be somewhat muted. And by the way, that's what you see in our guidance. It's far --
Bill Demchak: It's kind of -- you're asking me to go out and say, hey, supply chain is going to be fixed, and loan growth is going to rip and I hope --
Bill Demchak: So, at least 10 points off and we're probably 15/20 points off the peak in March of last year? There's a lot of room here.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Again, good morning, Dave. So of the 5 billion that we've identified going forward that we intend to run off, 2 billion of that we expect to run off in the fourth quarter, and that's part of our guidance. The remainder, likely over the next couple of years.
Rob Reilly: And then -- and as you know, Dave, as we've mentioned, that utilization kicked up a little bit. Still at historic lows, but a little bit, and that was part of it too.
Rob Reilly: Sure. So that's a lot there, Scott, but the easy answer to that is that's all in the guidance for the fourth quarter. So we -- to your point, fee businesses have been -- were good in the third quarter, they've been good all year. Across-the-board Asset Management, Consumer Services, Corporate Services, particularly in the third quarter, as well as Residential Mortgage. And with the exception of the elevated levels of M&A activity in Corporate Services, we see all of that continuing into the fourth quarter and that's part of the guide. So there'll be expenses that are obviously associated with that. In terms of the 900 million in savings, we are achieving savings. Presently, we got some in the third quarter, we'll get some more in the fourth quarter. That's part of the guide, but the bulk of the savings will be in 2022. So reaffirming the 900 million in savings, a portion of which we'll recognize in 2021, and then of course going forward into 2022, all in our guidance.
Rob Reilly: And it was a function of the timing of the acquisition, setting up those securities as premium securities.
Rob Reilly: No. No. You're right. Hey, Betsy, this is Rob, but you're right. We've started, as we said, we would so we have begun to realize expense savings pretty much across all the categories. But we're just getting started so what you see in that , we still have work to go.
Rob Reilly: I think that's right. And probably at least in terms of the pickup in the fourth-quarter activity, we will -- at the mix, we will pick up more vendor savings. We've already started that and we will start to pick those up but at an accelerated rate.
Rob Reilly: I just think I think the way to think about it, Betsy, is its sequential. So that conversion in the lifted shift creates a deck, so to speak, to get started sooner rather than later on realizing those savings.
Rob Reilly: And the 900, you know that, Mike. The 900 was estimated off the expectation that we convert and when we did. So, we didn't convert sooner than we thought, we did it on time.
Rob Reilly: What happened to that going forward? Yes. In simple terms, John, you're right it is confusing, but simply put, we expect PPP to be down on average about $4 billion in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter -- and net interest income contribution from PPP was about a $100 million, and we expect that to go down approximately 25 to 30, and that is in our guidance, our NII guidance.
Rob Reilly: Hey, Bill, it's Rob. In terms of contracting with RBC, just set that aside, in terms of the BBVA, we're very confident in terms of the numbers as Bill mentioned that we've laid out and the plans to get there. It's probably on the increment better than RBC just because it's bigger. We know what we do, it's very familiar to , of course, RBC was successful, but this is --
Rob Reilly: For the revenue aspect, if it is significantly higher than our RBC, the expense side, I thought was the question, the magnitude that I mentioned is the answer.
Rob Reilly: But that's all in our guidance in terms of the dollar amounts. But I'd say if you took a look at it in terms of the yields, you can see the decline in yields. If it wasn't for the elevated premium amortization expense, we would be close to down a little bit from those second-quarter levels.
Rob Reilly: But I would add, Matt, I mean, obviously central premise is acquisition, these are growth markets, so we would expect through time to generate above-average growth, not necessarily in the next 90 days, but that's obviously a big opportunity for us.
