Richard J. Johnson: You know, the net interest income guidance is basically the same as we gave you before embedded in that. We believe that'll be essentially flat year-over-year. We believe fee income will be up despite the regulatory impact. We expect that credit costs will improve, but we're going to incur probably additional credit costs with RBC. That's why we're saying stable. And then on the expense side, clearly, if you back out some of the adjustments we had in the fourth quarter, we're pretty comfortable that we're going to manage those expenses flat to down year-over-year. That's that $8.7 billion number and -- but again I do want to qualify that to the extent that we could have further redemptions of trust preferred securities and we could have further -- potentially further litigation and other regulatory charges that we can't anticipate at the moment.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I didn't, John. Reason being is we're pretty confident what we think the PNC stand-alone decline is going to be, which is probably about $0.5 billion year-over-year. But remember, when we do RBC, we're going to pick up some purchase accounting accretion with that transaction, so there's an estimate embedded in there. But we're not going to know until we close and get a look at the valuation on the books and all that and we'll have a better idea of that. But I'm very comfortable with the overall net interest income guidance that I gave for the combined company as well as the fact that I think PNC stand-alone will be flat year-over-year. And the reason for that, John, is even though there's a $0.5 billion decline in purchase accounting accretion, the way we are growing core net interest income, because of the reduction in funding costs and the increase in loans, is going to make up for that full decline in purchase accounting accretion from 2011 to 2012.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would look at that as 1 point. Given we're not issuing any equity related to the transaction, it would probably -- I estimate it'll drop our Tier 1 common ratio by 1 percentage point. That's a combination of the goodwill we'll record as well as the new risk-weighted assets we'll put on our balance sheet.
Richard J. Johnson: No, the 2.5% is the actual rate of the CD itself. It is not adjusted for purchase accounting. The adjustment for purchase accounting is why the purchase accounting is coming down year-over-year. So that's embedded in that $500 million I spoke about. This is the contractual rate and these will be repriced under 33. But what I would say is the benefit we're getting from the repricing here given rates have dropped so dramatically is much greater than the runoff of the purchase accounting related to these deposits.
Richard J. Johnson: And I think, Matt, we're also focused on where we can get the customers and actually grow the business from there as well, so both of those will be important to us.
Richard J. Johnson: And then to your question, specifically, the RBC has been in our numbers for a couple of quarters, so that's nothing new.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we’ve had these costs in each of the quarters through the year. What's unusual is the increase in that in the fourth quarter. I expect we'll continue to have costs similar to what we've seen in previous quarters. I don't expect to have items as large as we've incurred in this quarter. I don't expect that. Now that's still possible. It could occur. But I think at least for the moment, we think at least with what we know we've estimated and accrued for what we think this will cost us, but there's always a risk that we'll get more information that will change that estimate. But I think we're going to have some costs as we go into the next year and I would say that right now I've estimated that more consistent with what you saw in the first 3 quarters.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, a lot of it's going to be the repricing of the CDs that you're going to continue to see in 2012, which is going to lead to a reduction in funding costs of almost $175 million in 2012 and $275 million going into '13. Now some of that'll be offset by purchase accounting coming down and the benefit there. But overall, that'll drive that rate down lower. So right now, we're probably a little bit inflated given we have a lot of these CDs still to reprice.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we -- after -- obviously, we redeemed $750 million in the fourth quarter. We have about $1.5 billion of redemptions primarily in the second, third and fourth quarters of this year and the average rates on those are between about 6.5% to 12%. So I think with each one of them we'll have to see where rates are and make an economic call at that decision as to whether it's appropriate to refinance it. And obviously at 12%, I think it's highly likely. At 6%, maybe it's a little bit more of a question mark. So we've going to have to see where rates are at that time.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, well, a lot of the reason for the lower effective tax rate is because of the lower earnings, which obviously the tax credits don't go as far, and so that's part of the effect. They go further, I should say, against the lower earnings. The other thing that we're missing here is if you look at the personnel line. Clearly, we've had $100 million increase in that line. A lot of that is just simply driven by stock market prices and PNC stock price where was at a very low point at the end of September and obviously a lot of improvement by the end of December. And a lot of that number, at least the majority of that number, is driven by the change in stock market prices. So unless the markets go up, which is a good thing, we don't expect to have those costs in the future, and that's over half of that. So I think that's something which isn't necessarily repeatable.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we have a lot of stock-based plans, which are based upon performance and so the expense is variable in some cases. So to the extent that the market goes up, the value of that stock goes up and that's an expense impact when that occurs. And these would be those that have been awarded in the past year or in prior years.
Richard J. Johnson: And the other impact, Mike, is on deferred compensation where obviously the stock market prices go up and that hasn't increased in the cost to us of that deferred comp. Now, we hedge some of that through other income and you see that on the other side in the revenue.
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct, yes. We were not getting -- absolutely. I can give you a whole list of things probably. We had some -- you look at the occupancy and equipment, we had some facility write-offs in the quarter related to one of our buildings in one of our markets, which was about $16 million to $18 million. Wrote off some software pretax. We've wrote off some software and some other items as well. So there's a whole litany of things in the expense line, Mike. That's kind of where I'm leaning back and saying, I'm very confident we've been through the first quarter and obviously I've got to qualify everything I say as subject to, subject to and subject to. The first quarter expenses will be very close to what we reported in the third quarter of 2011.
Richard J. Johnson: And Mike, we probably don't have as many headwinds as we had in the past from the loan growth. The Non-strategic Assets Portfolio is much smaller. The commercial real estate business has hit an inflection point in terms of its ability to grow loans as it's not running down as much the previous loans that were impaired or otherwise having credit problems, so we're not having as much headwind. And I think as a result there, you're seeing some good growth.
James E. Rohr: Well, we don't -- obviously, we would reserve for some if we perceived that there was additional risk in that portfolio. So obviously, the FHA can change their minds about things, but we would expect that these -- they would live up to their government guarantee.
James E. Rohr: That's a great question and we really look at the RBC franchise as a great opportunity. As you know, we're acquiring RBC at a discount to tangible book with a negative premium on deposits. And to a great extent, it's positioning us very well across the franchise and we don't think that we have to do a great deal of acquisition at all in order to fill out what we think is a good branch franchise with the exception of just hiring people. And I'll give you an example. In Atlanta where the expectation was that we might need 100 branches in Atlanta, because of the decline in utilization of branches, 100 would probably suffice. That was our number as well as RBC's. Well, we'll get 55 with the RBC transaction, we acquired 27 with the Flagstar and so we're basically there already. We'll build a number of them in the right locations. So we really don't have to do a lot of additional acquisitions to build out the RBC franchise in the Southeast. So I think you'll see us be very judicious in terms of considering acquisitions in the future. If there's something remarkably cheap that fits our risk profile and is wonderfully accretive that you would be very happy with  [Audio Gap]  now, I think we're particularly focused on just executing around the RBC transaction.
James E. Rohr: Well, we've been interested in doing that, as you know. With an 85% loan-to-deposit ratio and interest rates being so low, clearly we would have an appetite for that. We’ve bought a few things, I would say modest. What we've found is that most of the things being offered are either bid -- are plain vanilla assets that are bid to a point where the return on risk is not attractive or they're just items that we wouldn't be particularly interested in. So there are some opportunities. I think there’s going to continue to be more opportunities in the future as a number of these things appear to be surfacing at an increasing pace. And so I think there'll be opportunities for us to buy things at good yields. So far our purchase activity has been modest, but I would guess it would increase.
James E. Rohr: The low-hanging fruit, I think, is across-the-board. I mean this is really a retail franchise. It was a franchise that was put together by the Royal community banks primarily and then they were all placed on a community bank platform. And as a result, they had a retail community bank product set. When we acquire them in the first week of March, we will convert the entire franchise that weekend. And so all of the electronic products that we have, Virtual Wallet, Wealth Insights, myCFO will all be available to them and those are products that they have not had at all. So I think there'll be a terrific uptick in that space. Also we're in the process of hiring C&IB personnel. I think we're -- we have identified a regional president for all but one of the markets. Some of them are RBC folks, some of them are PNC people that will be moving. And so I think the C&IB opportunity will get underway rather quickly because I think the calling effort will be beginning prior to the closing. So I think you'll see an uptick in business coming out of the Southeast right off the bat.
James E. Rohr: $150 million of that will be the first year. A lot of the $150 million will be front-ended. As we do the conversion, the payments to the Royal for processing will stop so that's a big part of the cost saves that'll start in the second quarter.
James E. Rohr: I wish I could, but unfortunately this is a governmental relations matter. We've talked to a number of regulators. And most recently, we've been contacted by additional regulators who gave us some information that we believe that we needed to accrue for in the fourth quarter. We accrued for it as best we know how. And I think that, that's about all I can say about the discussion. The 2 items that the accountants always say is something probable or estimable. We believe that there was something that was going to come from the mortgage arena in the servicing side, but we didn't -- we never could figure out how to estimate it. But the additional -- the recent conversations we had gave us some additional information, which we accrued for in the quarter.
James E. Rohr: I think we just have to say the additional regulators. We're restricted in discussing our relationship with our regulators.
James E. Rohr: I think the capital management issues are really we would like to invest in our customers first. The loan growth side, I think, is very pleasing indeed. I mean the idea that we were able to grow loans 12% in the fourth quarter, if that kind of loan growth continues, I think we would both be very, very happy that we will be using our capital for that. I would guess the -- from my guess, M&A -- the utilization of capital for M&A is probably very limited and so we would look to support our customers and then we would look to return any excess capital. We would need to build capital, obviously, to get to the Basel numbers that we talked about. Rick mentioned that we expect to be in our range, 8% to 8.5%, sometime in '13. If we get some more reasonable interpretations of how they apply capital to the sub-investment grade securities, I think we would be there much earlier. And then -- and obviously in that would be a consideration of whether increases in dividend or share buyback would be appropriate during that time as well. So we look at all 3 of those things and obviously the regulators look at them as well, as well as our board.
James E. Rohr: That's right. The RBC -- I mean in all of our forecasts that we give to the regulators as well as our own include the RBC transaction.
James E. Rohr: There's $150 million coming from RBC in the first year and so another $80 million would come in '13.
James E. Rohr: I think the -- obviously, we have a $75 million impact in the quarter. There will be -- when you look at '12, there will be an additional $175 million that we didn't incur this year. That will be partially offset by the fact that we're growing that business rather dramatically in terms of new customers so the net impact of the debit interchange won't look like $175 million additional next year because of the additional volume coming through the customers. The real issue for the whole consumer bank is that we have to reprice our relationships with the consumers. And as you've seen, we came out with a new product set in March of this year. We've grown 300,000 households, including 40,000 with acquisition. But 260,000 households that we grew over the course of the year is a really remarkable process. I think we just have to keep repricing our products and looking at products and services and also bringing down the cost to serve. So I think it's not a case -- I think some people have learned that you just don't say, okay, we'll make it up with one new fee. I think you just have to look at the whole consumer relation. To be honest about it, if interest rates were at 5%, we were making a lot of money on the deposits that we have with the consumer, it wouldn't be quite the issue that it is. But clearly, with interest rates being so low, obviously you have to use different types of pricing, including different kinds of fees in order to make the relationship more profitable.
James E. Rohr: Deposit pricing, I think when you think about what the opportunity for the deposits are, we've been running off high-cost CDs. You can see it easily in the balance sheet. We've been growing customers and growing transaction accounts dramatically. So I think we're really looking at growing transaction accounts and growing time deposits in this interest rate environment is really not a very attractive endeavor. We do it on a relationship basis, not on a hot lending basis.
James E. Rohr: Well, we remain very, very short in terms of the current rate environment. I mean we've spent a lot of time building capital and we're not about to give it away in a bond trade. So we'll remain very short in the securities book for the time being.
James E. Rohr: We've moved away from options in the recent years and moved towards performance-based restricted shares. And so the accounting on an option would be fully accrued at the beginning. It's not the same accounting treatment for the performance shares.
James E. Rohr: The majority of it came -- we did not have a meaningful increase in the utilization rate. And so we had loan growth. You could see it in the chart across-the-board in terms of industries and across-the-board in terms of markets. And I think that actually is the reason we're a little bullish on loan growth going into '12 because it wasn't one segment. It wasn't one market or one region. It was really across-the-board, diversified growth in all of the various loan categories. So we were very pleased about that.
James E. Rohr: It appears -- from what I've read, it appears as if loan growth is picking up across the country. But I think our 12% loan growth in the fourth quarter and the supplement that we set out on Page 6, I mean you can see that retail and wholesale was up, manufacturing was up, service providers were up, real estate-related was up, financial services. So we have more activity, healthcare. We had activity, increased activity, in virtually every different segment that we measure. And we really -- I mean, that's very exciting. When we look at the accounting, Mike, obviously housing -- the residential housing is still massively challenged and there's going to be some more challenges for another year or 2 in that space. But the rest of the country is doing better and when you look at the earnings reports that have come out, retail sales, unemployment coming down, the rest of the country is doing better now. It's not great. And it would be nice to have some residential housing because that has all the spinoffs with washers and dryers and refrigerators and the rest. But the national economy is doing better than it was a year ago and I think there's a number of signs that you can point to where we're making a comeback.
