James Rohr: Thank you, Rick. In summary, this was another strong quarter for PNC. By leveraging our broad array of innovative products and services and the strength of our brand, we're increasing the number of customers that we serve. We're facing an operating environment that's affected by soft economy, challenging regulations and low interest rates, these are factors beyond our control. At PNC, we remain focused on managing our business by growing customers, managing expenses, reducing credit risk. And our second quarter results reflect our ability to produce excellent earnings in a challenging environment. As we gain greater clarity from the regulators, along with higher interest rates and stronger loan demand, we see even greater potential going forward to create long-term value for our shareholders.  And with that, we will be pleased to take your questions.
James Rohr: Well, as you know, in our discussions we said that we expect to fund the acquisition with the cash and the proceeds of some debt and a preferred stock offering. That continues to be the plan as we look at the markets continuously to determine the appropriate time to access those markets. And we believe, as Rick said, that with the Tier 1 common ratio being where it is and our forecast for Tier 1 common that we're comfortable that we don't think that we have to issue any common even though we do have the free option with the RBC. But we'll find that out from the regulators as we go through the process. But it appears as if our capital ratios will be just fine through the period.
James Rohr: This is where you hit some numbers here. In the second half of this year, we have $11 billion of CD maturities with an average rate of 1.74%. As Rick said in '12, we've got another $11 billion, but the rates on that $11 billion is 2.95% in the first half and 2.77% in the second half. So the rates are actually higher than this year. So there is opportunity in the liability side next year.
James Rohr: And we're also growing customers in that space. So it's hard -- the 2.50% would be a static basis the effect of Durban, but we're growing customers and space. So it's hard to be too specific.
James Rohr: We saw some in the first half of the year, but that pressure is not increasing right now. The structures have remained sensible.
James Rohr: Well, clearly, the repricing of our product set was in response to Dodd-Frank, there's no question. In which we introduced the new suite of products in March of this year, we try and transition more customers away from free checking into relationship banking, which has more fees tied to it. And the good news is, as I mentioned, is that 60% of our customers are moving to relationship banking and away from free checking. And we hope to continue to drive that to maybe as high as 70%. So it's hard to quantify as yet because it's too early. But we'll recapture some of those fees in the new product set. There's a number of other things I think that will come through the market over time with people, incenting people to use credit cards instead of debit cards at the retail and a number of other things I think that will come to pass in the marketplace in order to recover this terrible hit that the Durban amendment put through the industry.
James Rohr: I mean, that's a good point. Ed, you know as well. You know us from One PNC, and there's still a number of those ideas that are kicking around and we're in the process of implementing them still in the National City franchise. And actually what we did is we took one of the key regional presidents from National City and put him in charge of that area. And we're continuing to find a number of new opportunities to take costs out. And if rates stay as low as they are, we'll step it up a bit. But we're comfortable with where we're headed right now.
James Rohr: Well, actually, we still have the share buyback on the $500 million on the table, and we still have it in our capital plan. But we just have to wait until we hear back from the regulators on our application of the RBC situation. The capital plans that we have and the comfort that we have with our ratios that I mentioned earlier still have that included, but we'll have to wait and see.
James Rohr: Well, I mentioned earlier that we run all of our capital ratios. And we said that we would expect to fund this acquisition with debt and preferred shares. And we don't believe from the way we look at our capital ratios and our Tier 1 common being as strong as it is that we'll have to issue any common. But we can't speak on behalf of the regulators, so we'll have to wait and see. But the ratios appear to be strong throughout, including the acquisition.
James Rohr: Well, if we don't have to raise common, it'll be accretive the day after closing because we're going to close -- to close other transactions where it took us a fair amount of time to take the costs out. We're going to close the transaction, we intend to close the transaction in March and convert it the same weekend. So we'll get the vast majority of the cost saves out of the acquisition in the first 6 months of the acquisition. So that should be very positive to shareholders, especially if we don't have to issue any common, which is our intent.
James Rohr: I think that's fair to say, and we've run more and more of our capital ratio tests and they look good to us. But we can't speak for the regulators, and we can't predict the timing on the regulators either.
James Rohr: Multifamily business in the real estate sector is very strong, and that's a national business for us, as you know. So that's doing well. And we originated over $1 billion of small business loans in the quarter and that's $2 billion, over $2 billion in the first half of the year. And I think when we think about the economy, seeing the small business demand come back, now it's not anywhere where it was 5 years ago, but seeing that demand come back, I think bodes well for the economy as well.
James Rohr: Well, the mortgage business, as you know, is up substantially from a year ago but down, the originations were down quarter-to-quarter. But the best thing was that we saw our applications were up 43%. Those usually turn into originations and new business anywhere from 60 to 90 days later. So we think the mortgage business is heading in the right direction.
James Rohr: Yes, the provisions is such an interesting number. I mean, it reflects a very quantitative review of what's happened to the credit metrics within the company, and then we add qualitative reserves on top of that, and that's how we arrived at the 280 for the quarter. And I think what pleases us is the review that Rick gave, and I think the charts show that the credit quality dramatically improved in every category, and that's why the provision is low as it is for the quarter. And if those credit metrics continue at that pace, I mean, the provision will stay at a very low rate.
James Rohr: Gerard, this is -- we had a conversation just before this call that we have to change the person who sets the goals for the markets. We had a book in front of me now that the sales performance in every single market we're in is over planned. Total markets are up 30% versus last year and total markets are 142% of plan this year. And so the National City markets are clearly up substantially more than the eastern markets are percentage-wise, not the least of which is from education, new hires and a conversion. Some of the conversions in the National City markets didn't complete until June of last year. But I have to say that when we look across the board, it's really remarkable how well all of the markets are doing. So again, there's a higher percentage growth in the West because they were coming off a lower base last year. But all of the markets are performing very, very well.
James Rohr: Well, the utilization rate that went up 2 percentage points in the first quarter, I think was probably indicative of that coming back. And I think the asset-based lending business, which is obviously tied to values of inventory and receivables, the inventory, commodity costs are higher, commodity values are higher and so the borrowing bases are higher and the borrowings required to support them are higher. So I think it does have some reflection of an improvement in the manufacturing sector for sure.
James Rohr: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We believe this is a very strong quarter again for PNC, and we appreciate your support. Thank you very much.
Richard Johnson: Yes. Basically, what we saw was just a market environment where we just saw a tremendous value in the market with low rates and with a lot of the liquidity coming back into the market. And so looking at it from a total return, we thought this is a good opportunity to trade out of some of those securities, as well as some of the non-investment grade as you could see. We actually sold on the sub-investment grade securities about $350 million of value there, which brings our fair value on that portfolio down to around $6.1 billion. And obviously, that balance will continue to pay down over the next couple years, 1.5 years. So it will be even less than that when we hit Basel III, if the rules don't change. And obviously, we're still optimistic that maybe we'll get a better treatment than dollar-to-dollar capital on the securities. But even if we don't, that's probably about a point to 1.5 points impact on our capital ratio, the Tier 1 common. And as you know, we're at 10.5%. So we've got a lot of room with respect to that portfolio as it relates to Basel III.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we had a rolling off about $1 billion a year. And as with the sale here, that'll be slightly lower but not dramatically lower. I think we're going to continue to see prepayments, and that'll go down.
Richard Johnson: No, it's certainly going to come down. This quarter was particularly high given the fact that we had some payoffs in the commercial space. So I think you look, the purchase accounting actually went up from the first quarter to the second quarter and that was due to payoffs there. So that second quarter purchase accounting number is definitely not sustainable. It'll come down from there. I'm not expecting a high level of recoveries to make that come up, so I think you just take the $700 million year-over-year, and you'll hit the right number.
Richard Johnson: Yes, I'd say our guidance this quarter-on-quarter net interest income is pretty conservative. I think what I have ignored is any potential increase in rates, which obviously would be to our benefit. I've obviously had to bake in here the security sales, which as you can imagine would have a big impact on that. But we actually do have more levers on the liability side as we go into 2012. We still have another $11 billion of CDs next year that reprice at an average rate of about 2.5% in first half of the year, 2.5% up to 2.7%. So that's a good lever right there as to whether those will go to 0 or whether they'll go to obviously a much lower rate. The other item we'll have over time, and we'll have to wait to see how the market is, we've got close to $2 billion of trust preferred securities that will be coming to call dates between now and the end of 2012. And obviously, all those hopefully we would be able to replace some of them at lower rates, and we'll adjust as the market goes. So I think we have a lot of levers on that front, and what I feel really good about, the strongest thing as I look beyond 2011 is we are seeing good strong commercial loan growth, and I think that's bread and butter of what makes our NIM work.
Richard Johnson: No, that's fair. And as we said, it was going to be less than $100 million. I think the gross running rate of the impact of the regulation is probably around 2.50% roughly, okay. I think what we'll be able to do is clearly, we're constantly trying to respond to that adjustment looking at our cost base in that area, also looking at shift from debit to credit card. There are a number of different strategies that we have in place to make that 2.50% impact lessen over time.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we're seeing some very good customer growth. As Jim mentioned, we're expecting to grow clients in the corporate bank over 1,000 in the course of the year. And as those new customers are coming on board, they're coming on at an average utilization. So we're seeing some good growth from clients. Second is our asset-based lending business is doing very, very well, in terms of adding new customers. So both of those areas are contributing to the increase in the corporate bank.
Richard Johnson: Well, I think you have to look at it piece by piece. I think clearly on the deposit side, which has a piece of that, that's going to start to run out in 2012 as we reprice these high-priced CDs that we talked about earlier. On the loan side, yes. I think some of the consumer yield is going to run out for quite a few years, whereas on the commercial side I expect that to be probably cleared up in the next year to 2. But that's going to run for 15 years, right? So it's going to be around for quite a bit. But I think you will see a drop-off probably the middle of next year as we start to reach the end of the deposit repricing.
Richard Johnson: Well, I hope to think that the litigation settlements that we have here, potential settlements are what they are, and I think we feel pretty comfortable with how we're reserved for those. But I do believe that what's happening right now is we are seeing so many great opportunities in the markets that we are adding talent at a very rapid pace because we just see a great opportunity to take market share in this environment. So if there's any one thing that is causing me to be a little bit more cautious on my expense guidance, it's our ability to add talent.
Richard Johnson: Yes, the items for the second half of this year, which are an average of about 1.7%, I'd expect them to initially reprice down around 100 basis points and then ultimately to go to rate around probably 50 to 60 basis points. I would also expect that we'll probably retain about 80% of the balances and probably 20% runoff, so that goes to 0. We have plenty of liquidity, so we're only going to retain that, which is client related. I think as you go into the new year where the rates are up in the average of 2.70% to 2.90%, these were long-term CDs. I'm not sure how much of those we're actually going to continue to maintain capture. So you may get a much greater benefit as they roll off, given that they were long-term, high-rate CDs, which National City needed to fund their balance sheet.
Richard Johnson: Yes, I would say that for the last 4 to 5 years and probably even before that, we've had a very aggressive continuous improvement program. So we're always looking at opportunities to take costs out. I think probably what's happening at the moment, at least, is the inflection point between the costs we are taking out and the pace at which we are investing in the growth in our businesses and marketing in order to take share. I think they're probably coming closer together than maybe they have in the past. But I think obviously, and Jim you may want to comment, we'll have to watch where rates are, we'll have to look at this as we go into the new year, and we will have a lot of opportunities to take costs out if we need to do that.
Richard Johnson: Yes, the runoff of the distressed is still pacing at about 25% a year. So that's probably $3 billion a year roughly, maybe a little more than that. Corporate loans, commercial loans, we're seeing good growth in those. We're seeing good growth this quarter in direct oil. We expect that to continue. We're starting to see very optimistic directionals on credit card. So we're starting to expect that to increase. The home equity portfolio, pretty much flat for the moment, originations and pay downs offsetting one another. Commercial real estate, a lot of originations taking place, but we still have a lot of small balance commercial real estate running off. That business will probably hit an inflection point by the end of the year. So if you take all that together, we're very confident given the corporate loan growth, the commercial loan growth that we're going to be able to grow loans spot to spot from the end of '11, at the end of '10 to the end of '11.
Richard Johnson: Yes, we saw an increase in utilization primarily in asset-based lending business where they've got more inventory to borrow against. So we saw utilization rates increase there. Did not see as big, as a matter of fact, didn't see an increase in utilization in the corporate bank. That was pretty modest, but it was really the lift in the overall client base and keeping the utilization constant that generated corporate lending there. And the corporate bank is running at about 38% to 39%, in that range.
Richard Johnson: Over time. I mean, that's a difficult item to predict in terms of the charge-offs. They tend to be less predictable in terms of what they're going to look like, but I think I feel very confident that our credit costs overall between now and the end of the year continue to maybe not reach the level we're at in the quarter, but certainly we'll be below the 400 average I gave you before.
Richard Johnson: Yes, well, the only factor, obviously, that could change that is a substantial more loan growth than we're seeing today because obviously that would increase the provision. But we'll be happy to see that.
Richard Johnson: I can't predict whether the trend's going to go lower, but I would say that one of the reasons why it is lower here is with the end of the year, we're able to get more audited financials, which sort of validate our position around some of those customers, and that helps to improve the number. So that's sort of a seasonal thing that comes through. But we don't see any reason why we shouldn't continue to see improvement in that number.
Richard Johnson: We'll file our application in August as early as we can, and I think after that, it'll be up to them.
