Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. During a challenging and volatile operating environment for the banking industry, PNC performed well during 2023 and delivered a solid finish in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2023, adjusting for the fourth quarter impact of the FDIC special assessment and expenses related to a staff reduction initiative that we completed in the fourth quarter, we earned $14.10 per diluted share compared to $13.85 per diluted share in 2022. Throughout the year and amidst all the disruption, we continue to grow our customer base and deepen relationships across our coast-to-coast franchise. Importantly, we generated record revenue and controlled core expenses, which allowed us to deliver a modest amount of positive adjusted operating leverage. For the fourth quarter, we reported $883 million in net income or $1.85 diluted per share and $3.16 per share on an adjusted basis. Rob is going to take you through the financials in a moment, but I'd like to highlight a few points. First, as we announced in early October, we closed on the acquisition of the capital commitment loans from Signature, which is immediately accretive to earnings. Secondly, as we expected, we saw meaningful growth from non-interest income during the fourth quarter, driven primarily by a rebound in capital markets and advisory fees. Third, we completed the actions to reduce our workforce and we are positioned to realize $325 million of expense savings in 2024. This is in addition to our CIP savings target for 2024 that Rob will discuss in a few minutes. Expense discipline remains a top priority for us and accordingly we are targeting stable expenses for 2024 even as we continue to invest in key growth initiatives. Fourth, our credit quality remained strong during the quarter, reflecting our thoughtful approach us to growing our balance sheet. While we continue to expect credit charge offs to increase over time, particularly in the CRE office segment, we’re adequately reserved. Finally, during the fourth quarter, we increased our capital position, saw solid improvement in our AOCI intangible book value and repurchased a modest amount of shares. In summary, we run our company with a focus on delivering through the cycle performance and feel very good about our strategy, our capabilities and the strength of our balance sheet as we enter 2024. And we believe we are well positioned to drive growth and deliver shareholder value in the coming year and beyond. As always, I want to thank our employees for everything they do to meet the needs of our customers and make our success possible.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Bill Demchak: Look, we're fairly neutral to the -- for our NII forecast toward as a function of rate cuts or not. So the outcome ought to be the same.
Bill Demchak: I think if there's variance anywhere, it's going to be on our assumptions as it relates to deposit betas, the continued shift to interest bearing versus non-interest bearing and ultimately, the steepness of the yield curve, the rates at the long end of the curve as opposed to the front end of the curve. We've tried to be to the best of our ability a little bit on the conservative side of all of those things and we feel pretty good about where our forecast is.
Bill Demchak: So as we pointed out, we do see NII going down in the first half of the year, troughing around the time of the cuts and then growing from there and beyond. So think about where we are now, go down on a bit and then grow back to where we are now. And then in '25 what gives us a lot of confidence around record NII is we will get the compounded effect of the repricing of our fixed rate assets as that continues into '25. So that's what we laid out a month ago and that's still what we think.
Bill Demchak: Well, not on charge-offs. We think we're reserved correctly. But you have to remember that as these loans go to NPL and eventually if we have charges against them, we'll charge them off. It won't run through P&L because we've already created a reserve for it, but the work set on actually maturing the loans and dealing with the outcome is yet to come.
Bill Demchak: We don't compete with them head-to-head with the types of loans that are typically -- and because we don't play that that much in the unsecured leverage space. Most of the decline at Signature we saw was in utilization. As we go forward, more and more of the lending markets are moving into private hands and longer term that is of a concern if they kind of move up scale in what they do. We do serve them. I would say that our client base, just call it, private equity or private managers at large, they're probably our largest clients between what we do with and for them from Harris Williams and Solebury and business credit and treasury management with their portfolio companies and on and on and on. So they are good clients. And I guess, at the margin, we could end up competing with them in certain things.
Bill Demchak: So remember, the charge-offs don't hit P&L. There seems to be a lot of confusion on that. The provisions we take hit P&L. And we've provided for our best expectation of future charge-offs in a scenario that assumes a mild recession. So if our scenario comes true, we're fully reserved for everything that might happen to us. Charge-offs will flow through but not hit our P&L because they're effectively neutralized against the debit to the provision.
Bill Demchak: So it's a mechanical calculation that's dependent on our view of the economy at the time. So if you got to a place where the charge-offs occur and somehow we thought the economy was worse than our current expectation, we would be providing for the remainder of the portfolio at a higher level than we are today, but right now we don't expect that to happen. So if the economy is worse, simply put, if the economy is worse than a mild recession, then you would expect our total reserve to increase.
Bill Demchak: We'll answer the easy question first. 8.2 would be too low, I think, in this new environment, assuming Basel III endgame goes so we'd run some higher number than that for certain. There does appear to be substantial commentary on the proposal such that I would expect that if it isn't reproposed, there still would be some relief in certain asset categories and risk weighted assets and maybe on operating risk capital, we'll see. Having said that, we don't know. So at the moment, what we know is we're going to continue to grow earnings. We're going to accrete AOCI back into our capital base and we're going to pull that 8.2% up. We think we have flexibility inside of that to be active in the share repurchase market between now and then and the more certainty we have, the more certain will be and explicit on what we might buy back during a given period of time.
Bill Demchak: I don't know that we expect it to be deeper. We purposely drew the line to be a little bit thick because we don't know exactly when that trough might occur. I think all of the commentary on '25 is in some ways, mechanical. We're simply taking our fixed rate assets and replacing them at market and we know what the maturities of those assets are. So in short form, one of the reasons we highlight that and also show the steepness of the curve is our balance sheet, the fixed rate assets on our balance sheet are shorter than virtually all of our peers and at a yield level that is somewhat lower. So we have a big pickup in fixed rate earning yields sooner than I think the market expects, which is in turn what gives rise to the slope of that curve, whether it troughs in the second quarter or the first week in the third quarter or the fourth week and -- who knows…
Bill Demchak: I think that, that if you want to call it the Swoosh, I think the Swoosh is still accurate, I think. So I’d say -- what else to say, it's consistent with our guidance and it's still accurate.
Bill Demchak: We terminated 3.6 and added some. And just to remind you, when you terminate you basically lock in a loss to the life of the original contract and we'll do that at times simply to reposition where we have exposure.
Bill Demchak: No, I was. Look, if you just look back at what happened this year on top of kind of eight or nine years of history post the financial crisis. We've seen, your words Goliath win, in terms of organic deposit share growth. That trend line has accelerated as a function of the mini crisis in March, where corporates bluntly don't necessarily trust the regulatory environment to ensure that their deposits at a bank are safe. And so we've seen those deposits flow uphill. And if you aren't a primary relationship with that corporate deeply embedded with treasury management and other services you net-net lose corporate deposits. I think when you combine that with the cost of technology, the removal of some of the tiering and regulation and capital requirements and liquidity, scale matters. I think we are -- on net benefited from the mini crisis, but just barely. And I think below us, people struggle with that conversation with corporate clients. Above us, perhaps it's easy but I think we need to move into that next level such that we are seen coast-to-coast is a ubiquitous standard brand with the quasi support that the giant banks have in terms of times of crisis. I think it's critical.
Bill Demchak: So naturally, over time, we are gaining share on our newer markets at a rapid pace. And we see that client acquisition and growth in all forms from deposits to loans to fees to so forth. I think through time, you're going to see a clear differentiation of this dynamic played out across the market. But I think there's going to be banks that are looking for strong partners, and I think we are a strong partner. I'm not going to force that issue. But I think longer term, we are a natural player in the consolidation of an industry where scale matters.
Bill Demchak: You just have to execute. I mean there's a -- which simplifies the process. If you think about what's happening in the banking industry today, there's a couple or some other issues with the large banks. But on the deposit share side, there's a couple of clear winners. There's one that probably should be over time. There's some people neutral and there's people losing. There's 5,000 banks in the country that I can take from and grow, right? That's just a longer period of time, which we will pursue than what we might see if there's inorganic opportunities when people come to the realization that they're kind of riding something down in a deteriorating franchise. I can see the trends. I know how we would react to opportunities and the trends. I know what we'll do to execute on our own, and I'm confident in that. But I’ll go all the way back, scale matters. We're going to have to play that…
Bill Demchak: I think they should look at our history is my simplest explanation. I think somebody asked that question once before, and I assure everybody, I still don't want to do math and I think the opportunities will come our way. I don't think we'll have to chase them. One of the reasons people say why am I as vocal about this as I am. And part of the reason is to make the public aware, the public being regulators, politicians, boards of other banks aware of what's happening in the banking industry and the need for consolidation. It doesn't mean I'm going to do something stupid in the pursuit of it. I just think it's going to happen.
Bill Demchak: I don't think there's a simple answer to that, because I think if you listen carefully to the various speeches that have been done that they'll talk about the recognition of the need for M&A, but they'll also talk about good mergers and bad mergers, good outcomes and bad outcomes along several metrics. So put differently, I think certain deals will get approved and others wouldn't. I think we have proven as an acquirer that we know what we're doing and that the result in institution is, in fact, stronger than the one we might acquire.
Bill Demchak: It's not -- I mean you see the credit metrics, it's not a concern in terms of customers. We've seen with the margin -- profit margins decrease with certain clients. If you look at soft inputs, surveys and so forth that are coming out of the Fed districts, the economy is definitely weakening, not at a alarming pace. It's kind of what we had expected given how tight the Fed has gotten with monetary policy. So we kind of see a mild recession. We actually see employment remaining strong through that, which ultimately is the thing that keeps the economy from going deeply into recession, just the strength of the labor market and consumer spending. So this is kind of following the path of what we thought for some period of time now.
Bill Demchak: I mean, I don't think there's going to be any structural delevering here. We're obviously seeing a lot of banks kind of on my prior point, coming to the conclusion that some of the ancillary lending activities they took on, on the back of the big stimulus, don't make sense anymore. So there's deleveraging maybe across the industry by certain groups, but not here.
Bill Demchak: Well, I think at the end of the day, our generic corporate client needs to redo their facilities and the price has gone up and that will occur. I think some of the activity that we saw on the back of just really low cost of capital in the private equity markets where it kind of leverages free, that's going to go by the wayside at a higher rate environment. But if you look at the composition of our book, we're kind of the bread and butter of America. So I wouldn't expect that we would necessarily see a decline in loan growth simply because the front end of the -- [SOFR] rate is higher.
Bill Demchak: Well, there -- I mean both of those thoughts are consistent. 8.2 is too low, so we're going to grow. Whether we're growing to be in faster compliance or growing because maybe something shows up where we could use some, we're still going to grow and it's going to mute our capital return below it and otherwise might be absent the Basel III endgame changes.
Bill Demchak: There's too much up in the air. I mean, it's depending what the Fed does, look, they could have to repropose that. It could go through the elections, they could change it materially. We don't know, right? All we know is all else equal, 8.2 is probably too low. We're still burning through our AOCI, we don't think that's going to change. So we stay the course and we'll adapt based on what we learn.
Bill Demchak: Look, I would tell you that we're winning more than we're losing on pitches, and that's more true today than it was pre-March. We're winning at a higher percentage just because there's more shots on goal in the new markets than we are in the old markets. So the growth there is higher, and that's -- those new markets and the fact that we have them fully staffed, including products might differentiates us in a world where total loan growth may be somewhat tepid. And importantly, we've said this for years as we go into new markets, we are not leading with credit in these new markets. Fee based growth actually outpaces our loan based growth in those markets as we cross sell into TM and other products and services. So we look at pipelines, we look at line of sight into what we have in each market. I don't know that there's any particular product that stands out as something that's growing faster than another one. It's just we're winning clients.
Bill Demchak: I think the only way that impacts us directly -- I mean that the margin may be something in business credit and as you know, we partner with a lot of the private credit guys inside of that business. And then to the extent companies are taken private, which I think is going to slow down given the cost of capital, we sometimes will lose a client to a leverage lender because they were taken private,but that's kind of…
Bill Demchak: Well, in the near term, we think the market's got ahead of itself. I think until we're clear of the outcome here we’re clear. Inflation and Fed actions, we're happy to kind of stay neutral. I think my own expectation here, Vivek, is notwithstanding what the Fed does through the course of '24 with the Fed funds rate. My expectation is you're not going to see a lot of action in the longer rate simply because of the supply calendar and the fact that inflation will have a tail and while the Fed could ease somewhat, I think inflation is still going to be running against versus their goal. We'll have a lot of issues. So long story short, we don't see a burning desire to put money to work here because we think that opportunity is going to remain and the durations we typically invest in, and probably get a little bit better just given how hot the market got post the last Fed meeting.
Bill Demchak: So again, we're kind of talking about two different universes of credit. But having said that, and I'm sure you've heard this inside of your own shop. Lending money for the sake of lending money doesn't give us an adequate return on capital. Didn't before, it doesn't now. What gives us a return on capital is the relationship, the annuity-like fees you get from TM, the additive fees you get from capital markets related activity, and price is kind of a third order effect on the return on capital we get with that client relationship. Private credit at the moment sees a return in private credit because they could put some leverage on it, and there's not a big opportunity in private equity and yields are high. And I'll chase that for a period of time. I don't know that, that's a particularly great investment through the cycle and we don't try to compete with it in that lending environment.
Rob Reilly: On the outlook, so average loans up 1%, spot 3% to 4%, as you mentioned. We see most of that being on the commercial side and most of that being on the back end of the year. Consumer, we do have some growth throughout the year but pretty modest.
Rob Reilly: Yes, the short answer is it's relatively neutral because, as you know, we've worked hard to get our balance sheet into a neutral sensitivity position. So not a lot of variance in terms of the forwards and our own expectations in terms of the impact on NII. The big question, obviously, is going to be on deposit pricing and how that behaves as the year plays out, but we don't expect a lot of variance.
Rob Reilly: So with capital markets, we did get the rebound that we were expecting in the fourth quarter and the bulk of that is in our Harris Williams, our M&A advisory business. As far as '24 guidance goes, we expect -- the pipelines are good. We expect sort of the fourth quarter and the first quarter of '23 to be the range of what we would see on a quarterly basis going through in 2024. The anomalies were the soft quarters of Q2 and Q3 in 2023. So take a look at the first quarter of '23, the fourth quarter of '23, and that's the range of what we would expect the quarterly run rate to be through '24.
Rob Reilly: Well, I would add to that, John. So we worked hard. We took some actions to position ourselves to have stable expenses year-over-year. So that's a lot. And then as Bill pointed out on the revenue side, the NII is fairly predictable on a relative basis outside of rates and the fees, we feel good about the guidance. So that's what we think is going to occur.
Rob Reilly: Well, I would say on the commercial and the high net worth side fast, and then we talked about on the consumer, sort of the core consumer, we could -- and this is what Bill was alluding to there earlier, we could continue to see some drift up in rate paid even though we get some cuts. So that's a big variable, obviously, and we'll have to play it out.
Rob Reilly: So I would just say just to follow up on that. So yes, back half of the year. On the commercial side, we see the uptick in the third and the fourth quarter. A big part of that being expected increase in utilization, which is a little bit lower right now and then just some pickup in general economic activity, not a lot, 3% to 4% spot to average up 1%. And then on the consumer, just sort of slow, steady growth, nothing big there, maybe a little bit more in card and auto and a little bit less in resi.
Rob Reilly: And I would just add to that the key number to look at there is the criticized percentage, which has not changed much. To Bill's point, that's the first bucket. The the movement of that to nonperforming or charge-offs will occur, but it's that criticized number that's the key number.
Rob Reilly: So our position is, we have $1.5 billion in unrealized gains, 3.5 million b-shares. As you pointed out, there's a vote by the Visa shareholders at the end of this month to approve an action to enable the b-holders to monetize maybe up to 50%. So we don't control that. We see when the vote is scheduled, should it be approved, then we'll move forward with our monetization plans that would be allowed under whatever is approved.
Rob Reilly: So first, our reserves are appropriate for what we expect to occur. So that's number one. Number two, if things should substantially improve yes, sure. We're running at 1.7% right now, which historically is on the high side. So if things normalize out in your definition of normal, we could be lower.
Rob Reilly: And I would just add to that. You saw we did -- we bought just under $100 million of -- share repurchases in the fourth quarter. In the first quarter, we would expect to do at least that, maybe a little bit more depending on market indications.
Rob Reilly: Ken, just as I said earlier, on the capital markets, a nice rebound in our Harris Williams activity. Pipelines are good, they support year-over-year growth of close to 20%, which is what I mentioned earlier. In terms of the other fee categories, asset management flattish up a bit, that will be market dependent. Card and cash management up low to mid-single digits. Lending and deposit services that will be down mid-single digits, and that's reflective of anticipated lower service charges on deposits. There was a number of items that we did in '23 to reduce overdraft charges for our clients, so that's good for our clients, but that will be some lower fees, about mid-single digit down. And then mortgage outside of hedge gains, flattish, down if you include the hedge gains.
Rob Reilly: I was just going to add to that to Bill. So I mean, we can have a slowdown continue and technically hit a recession without adding a whole lot of credit risk or increased credit structure.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think, obviously, we've been watching that for the better part of the year here in terms of the decline in non-interest bearing in absolute terms and relative percentages. Why we think it's largely happened is because it's been so long. And much of that base is our businesses and individuals that run on non-interest bearing deposits. So they're not necessarily shopping for a higher rate. There's something around the institution in terms of they pay for their services through deposits or on the consumer side, small transaction accounts.
Rob Reilly: A structure we [Multiple Speakers] that's it right, that would be the margin. If that wasn't available that would otherwise be a conventional loan.
