James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Rick spoke quite a bit about our expectations for the fourth quarter. So I'll turn my comments to the outlook for 2012, and we believe that we're well positioned to deliver quality growth, assuming modest economic expansion.  Slide 14 provides a summary of our current expectations. Now let me begin with PNC excluding the impact of the RBC Bank acquisition. We expect NII will be stable in 2012 assuming low rates and no loan growth. However, we're currently seeing loan growth. And if that were to continue, we would see upside benefits to this forecast.  We believe our provision will continue to decline in 2012 versus 2011. And with our customer growth trends, non-interest income should increase in 2012 despite further regulatory impacts on debit card fees. And finally, full-year expenses are currently expected to remain relatively flat in 2012 versus 2011. Of course, this is apart from any legal and regulatory related contingencies, as well as the integration and operating cost related to RBC and Flagstar.  And regarding RBC Bank, we expect the acquisition to be accretive in 2012 assuming that we do not issue common equity related to the transaction. So all in all, we have positive expectations for earnings in 2012. In summary, this was another strong quarter for PNC. And given the guidance we just shared, we believe PNC will report strong results for all of 2011 and 2012. A stronger economy or higher interest rates could make those results even better. Since the current economic downturn began in the mid-2007, it's clear that PNC's management team has navigated in this environment and delivered real value to the shareholders.  As you can see on Slide 14, our tangible book value per share has more than doubled during the period, and our pretax pre-provision earnings per share have increased more than 60%. When we compare both of these metrics to our peers, you can see that we dramatically outperformed them during this period. While economic and regulatory uncertainty remain, at PNC, we remain focused on managing our business by one, growing our customers; two, managing expenses; three, managing risk; and four, managing our capital effectively.  We believe our third quarter results reflect our ability to produce excellent earnings in this kind of challenging environment. We're looking forward to a good fourth quarter in 2012.  With that, we'd be pleased to take your questions.
James E. Rohr: Well, sometime in the fourth quarter. I mean, we've submitted the stress results on -- the application implication went in a few weeks ago. The forecast went in about 2 weeks ago, and we would expect to hear back probably late November or early December. That would be our expectation.
James E. Rohr: I think the regulators have their act together to be honest, but I can't speak on behalf of them. But they're very consistent about wanting us to meet capital requirements. And I think that's why we're optimistic that we won't have to issue any common because they're really focused on the longer-term capital adequacy of the company and the risk profile that we have, and I think they do have their act together. So that's why we think we'll hear on the RBC transaction before the end of the quarter, and then we'll take a look at our income projections for next year and talk to it about or making submission about dividends.
James E. Rohr: We haven't given any guidance really with regards to the accretion level of the company. We believe that we'll be able to take the marks, the credit marks that are required at closing. There's really no liquidity risk in the company. Balance sheet will be mark-to-market. We'll be able to take out what we expect $150 million worth of expenses from that next year. As you know, the whole conversion takes place the first weekend that we close. So while those cost saves, we're front-end loaded. And so we think it'll be nicely accretive assuming we don't have to issue any common, and I don't think we've given any guidance yet as to what level that might be.
James E. Rohr: With regards to capital, John, I think it's a stepwise function. We've got our application in for the RBC transaction. I think -- well, as I said, I think we'll hear about that in the quarter. Then we'll take a look and make an application for what we think might be appropriate capital policies for the following year in CCAR. Hopefully, I think we'll be able to increase the dividend as the payout ratio is still relatively low, and then that will be the #1 priority. And to the extent that share buyback might be available, that will be the #2 priority. With regards to M&A, we really don't see any meaningful transactions on the horizon. I think we might be interested in doing something like the BankAtlantic or Flagstar branch acquisitions if something fit and was priced appropriately.  But I think our work today, as the opportunity for us is to just continuing to make our franchise work. And the pricing in the RBC transaction, I think, works for us in terms of risk-reward and making the RBC transaction work. So that's our focus right now.
James E. Rohr: The interesting part about the RBC transaction is that from an infrastructure point of view, we have to make almost no investment. The technology that we have available to us is certainly scalable and we'll be converting their entire franchise to our platform that weekend. So that'll be the good news. On the other hand, they really don't have the staffing to sell a lot of the products that we have. And so the investment will be mostly in people, and I think we'll be that the accretive number, it does have us investing in those people right away. As a matter of fact, we're hiring some people as we speak.  And then thirdly, we'll be building branches, I think. We spoke -- there was a question asked of us, what about Atlanta? And RBC thought that they might need 100 branches in Atlanta, for example. Well, with -- if they're in the right places, with RBC, we get 55 plus 27 and Flagstar gives 82, we'll close 5 or 6 and build 20. It will be done. And so we'll be adding branches in various markets. But we'll be taking other branches out of the system as well so at the same time. So I think the investment is not a huge investment nor to really take full advantage of it.
James E. Rohr: Well, we have a lot of thoughts about continuous improvement. This is the busy -- this is the beginning of the budget cycle. So we're working on it hard. As you know, and we made the announcement at Barclays that we had over 1,000 suggestions, and we're implementing about 750 of them to take out $400 million worth of expense. And I think that's a number that we're working hard at, and I'm pretty confident we're going to get it. Sp the statement that we're seeing is that our expenses will be relatively flat next year, and that's what we're driving right now in the budget process. And the ideas that came from the employees are certainly going to help us get there.
James E. Rohr: Well, I think like I said before, it's a stepwise function. We've got to get the RBC transaction approved and understand the capital requirements, if any, around that. But we hope to issue that we have to run the CCAR, we don't even have the input from the regulators yet on the CCAR. And that will change the problem [ph]. So we have to see what the projections for earnings on that are.  We're comfortable, as you know, Ed, as well as anybody that we're comfortable with that ratio, much higher than we have today. The board's been comfortable in the 40% to 50% range with dividend payout if we don't see any need for the capital. And then we have to take a look and see how Basel looks, and those things are changing as we speak. Rick mentioned a couple of items that, I think, we're taking a particularly conservative view on when we say 8% to 8.5%, if those go the other way, it kind of changes the opportunity.  So we just have to walk through this. There's no reason to be upfront with this right now. I think we've managed the capital very well, and we're going to continue to do that going forward. And to the extent that we have way too much, we'll return it to the shareholder if we can't put it to good use. And you know that in the period of 2004, '05, '06 when loan growth, we didn't want to put it -- we didn't -- the risk return at subprime and stuff like that, we didn't see it was right. We didn't grow the balance sheet and we bought back a fair amount of stock. So it's all part of the appropriate capital management for the time.
James E. Rohr: I think we gave you what you could give you in terms of -- we're going through the budget right now, so we don't have any numbers. We just told you what we thought the trends would be for the 4 most important parts of the P&L.
James E. Rohr: Well, we would expect -- we started a marketing campaign in the summer on the credit cards, and the acceptance ratio has been very good. We started -- it's part of our relationship banking on the consumer side and we've had runoff as everyone has in existing balances, but the growth of new cards has been quite good, so we're pleased about that. With regards to mortgage originations going into the fourth quarter, mortgage apps are up 28%. So going in to the quarter, both for credit cards and for mortgages, I think we're very optimistic about how fourth quarter will turn out.
James E. Rohr: Gerard, I think the National City transaction was a unique opportunity. At $2 a share, buying the bank that had the highest, at least book capital ratio of the industry, it was a unique opportunity then. In order for that to happen again, we would have to have another financial crisis, and we'd have to have the courage to do it. So -- and I'm not sure we wanted any of those things to happen again. So just as we look forward to a slow-growing economy, which I think is where we're at. I would think that we would just be doing small branch acquisitions to fill out the RBC and the PNC franchise, if it's priced right.  I mean, one of the things we saw and this is a longer, longer answer that you probably wanted. But the trends, we're growing customers at a tremendous pace because branch utilizations are down and the utilization of our technology is way up. And so in many cases, I'm not sure we have to buy all of these customers or the branches. And so we look, for example, in Chicago, I think it's a good example, we wanted to grow in Chicago. We're fourth or fifth in Chicago. We look to the small banks in Chicago and they wanted 2x book and we said that was well, and we built 30 branches.  And I think we can maybe build another 20 branches in Chicago; we'll be done. We'll have all we want. So -- and then we grow up, we sell our electronic products. So I think the acquisition piece is probably a pretty slow process going forward. I don't see it -- to answer your question, I don't see any transformational deals on the horizon.
James E. Rohr: We look at that a little differently than just trying to -- obviously, that cost us a lot of money. The real issue, I think, is the fact that interest rates are so low. We've got $180 billion worth of deposits that basically, we don't really make any money out of in this interest rate environment. And so I know a lot of people want to look at Durbin, but we look at it from the point of view of how do we reprice the consumer relationship in order to get the appropriate return on business. And that's why we still have a free checking product. We've got 3 relationship products, and now we have 70% of our customers buying relationship products. And so someone might say, well, it's because of Durbin. But Durbin's only a part of the revenue expense relationship with the consumer.  So I think the consumer pricing model will -- that'll just evolve over the next few years. I think consumers will either purchase the products they want to purchase for different kinds of fees or balance requirements or not, or they'll change their behavior. And I think you're seeing behavioral change being growing a lot with online banking for us growing at 20%, mobile banking growing at 40%. Branch utilization, which will be down 7.5% this year, down 6% on average for the last 5 years. So the consumer is changing, and I think it's just repricing the new relationship with consumers given the interest rate environment.
James E. Rohr: Absolutely. I mean, one of the things that we found in our studies is that 77% of all of our customers and prospects want to have a multi-channel capability. So fewer than 20% will even consider a relationship with somebody who does not have a multi-channel capability. So people want to have branches. But branch utilization is going down significantly, and obviously the utilization of online and remote capabilities are growing.  So I think it's a trend that we're going to follow. And I think we're cross-selling those products very, very successfully. And I think the Virtual Wallet product, which was -- we mentioned was named the #1 player by far. As a matter of fact if we look at the study, is a great success. And those are the kinds of things that are going to drive a lot of growth into the future. This year, we'll open 50 branches. We'll close a little over 80. Next year, we might open as many. We're doing the budget right now, but we'll probably close at least as many as we open. So that rationalization of the branches, I think, is something that we've been doing for a period of time, but that'll just continue.
James E. Rohr: Well, the answer is yes. They're different everywhere in each market. In Washington, D.C., we have Starbucks in several of our branches. In some parts of small towns in Pennsylvania, our coffee expenses, our own expense and people come and meet there. So it depends on the market you're in, and we manage the branch based on utilization and the customer base that we have on those markets.  So it does vary a lot. I mean, some branches are totally tied to small business. Some branches are totally tied to high network. So you really have to look at each market, and we actually designed the branches. We only build green branches. We have more green buildings than any other company in the world. But we designed those branches based upon the customer mix that comes in.
James E. Rohr: Okay. Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us. As I said in the beginning, I think this is a really solid quarter for us. A relatively clean, cleaning quarter to use your term. And we're very, very pleased with it in this economic environment. We're looking forward to a good fourth quarter in 2012. Thank you for joining us.
Richard J. Johnson: No, we're actually offering -- right now, our CDs are at 30 basis points and we figure that about 50% of those are customers who will want to stay with that product with us, and we're figuring the other 50% will be non-customers. So would just roll-off, and we'll see whether they go into other deposit products or we reduce asset balances if we don't have that liquidity.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we lowered our average balances on deposit with the Fed during the course of the quarter. And so as you would imagine, if we have less on deposit with the Fed and the rest of the balances go up.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, that's where it's going to -- clearly, we cannot replace the current yield we have on the securities book. So that will continue to come down as time passes. But that's where we have the advantages on this liability side where we have substantial repricing in both near term and long term. As Jim said, of 2012 we're very comfortable that the liability side's going to keep pace, if maybe, not even outpace the asset side.
Richard J. Johnson: Not right now, Betsy. I think we'll be very careful with that. What might happen when rates rise and the capital of impact that might occur there.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the commercial loan yields held up very well on the quarter, maybe 2 or 3 basis points decline, not much. Most of that is very short dated. So reprices in most of the focus has been repricing to the lower rate environment. In fact, you might even see a lift in that given that some of the short-dated rates have actually increased as we go into [ph].
Richard J. Johnson: John, in our assumptions we put in about a 1.4% mark related to the capital ratio for sub-investment grade securities. And in our discussions so far with the regulators, it is clear that they recognize that the dollar-per-dollar capital on those securities is more than is necessary for senior tranches. I think where they're still working through is trying to figure out how to come up with a way to do the calculation, which reflects the inherent risk in the securities. And we'll just have to wait and be patient for that answer.  So I expect that 1.4% impact that we showed to come down hopefully, pretty dramatically, once we understand the true risk content and we have a model that works with both us and the regulators. As far as BlackRock goes, we only had to add -- I think, it's like 20 basis points, 30 basis points more deduction from our capital ratio. But that gives us about $1.5 billion economic capital, $1.5 billion regulatory capital. And we make over $300 million a year from BlackRock. So that's a 20% return on any capital calculation I do. And that looks like a pretty good return.
Richard J. Johnson: I would say it's from the beginning of 2011 till the end of 2011, both credit costs and the provision have been coming down. And so just on that basis alone, you would expect even if we maintain the level of credit costs and provisioning through all of 2012, we'll be down. And under our modest recovery here, we expect that would be the case. The assumptions about further decrease.
Richard J. Johnson: Sure, I'd be happy to. A couple of things. One is I mentioned the fourth quarter this year, we're going to have about $6 billion of into popped CDs that will reprice from about 2% down to 30 basis points, so we'll retain about 50% of those. Now we also have approximately $11 billion that are going to reprice in the first half of next year, and they're coming down from an average rate of 2.6%, and we don't have high expectations to how much of that is going to reprice. These are sort of the 3-year CDs and that CD put off for liquidity. We're not sure -- we'll maybe run a lot of those balances down. So there's a lot of funding benefit coming out of that.  All that CD repricing is about $250 million to $300 million between 2011, 2012, but the annual running rate of that is about $400 million to $450 million going forward. So you can see a big wave of benefit going beyond 2012. The others, I mentioned the trust-preferred securities. We've got about $2.2 billion of those maturing between now and the end of 2012. We think that'll have a year-over-year impact of about $60 million and an annualized impact of over $100 million. And we have about $5 billion of debt maturing between now and the end of next year, again, for about a $75 million to $100 million impact this year and next.  And then you have the overall repricing in the deposit base, lowering rates giving us extremely low rate environment and that's going to run into about $50 million to $70 million on a going forward basis. So all of those together are going to benefit our funding cost year-over-year by about $450 million to $500 million and on an annualized basis about $700 million. So you see the benefit we get in 2012 and even further benefits in 2013.
Richard J. Johnson: That's a great point, because I believe that is the area the credit that we all are watching very carefully. It's both the home equity, as well as the residential mortgage. We've been seeing substantial improvements in delinquencies and now performing to those space. But clearly, more recently, they've flattened out a bit, and in some cases, have backed up a little bit. And that's why we've been cautious about releasing reserves against the consumer portfolios. So we're watching that very carefully and want to make sure that we're not overly aggressive in releasing reserves until we see a sustained improvement in those metrics.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, it'll come down pretty dramatically because we're going to have the most of those CDs repriced by the middle of 2012. And though -- so therefore, you're going to stop seeing the accretable benefits. But you have to keep in mind that, that when we did the marks on those, the ones that are maturing in the first half of next year with a coupon of about 2.6%, we'd actually marked to roughly 2%. So the purchase accounting is a benefit of going from 2.60% to 2%, and then we're picking up a benefit of going from 2% all the way down to 30 or less. So even though that's running off, you're going to get a substantial benefit in core net interest income.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, there's more. But I would say it's going to have a big run off by then, and it's going to be pretty well done by the end of '12. De minimis amounts that'll go into through '13.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think on the commercial mortgage servicing rates do not have the negative impact we had this quarter. You just don't -- you need rates not to go any lower and obviously, we wouldn't have the charge. To the extent that rates do backup and they have already this quarter a bit. We could see some recoveries and we have about 150 to 200 of impairment over the last 2 years in this book. Not suggesting that rates are going to go up enough to recover all that, but I think we do have some potential here for rates to improve and for us to be able to get some of that back. The other item that was in there is as you probably know, we have some deferred comp plans where we haven't the obligation on our books, and we hedge our exposure in those comp plans. And so depending on how up and down the rates go in the market or interest rates move, you end up taking a mark-to-market on the non-interest income side on the hedges, but you also take a mark-to-market on the expense side. That number this quarter is about $25 million in terms of a loss in the fee income category, but also was a reduction in expenses by a similar amount. And if market rates should change next quarter, then that will reverse itself.
Richard J. Johnson: No. Most of these foreclosure costs were related to penalties that we will incur from the GSEs for delays in getting our foreclosure process complete. Our expectation prior was that the moratoriums put on by the state would be honored by the GSEs and we're coming to find out they won't be. And so therefore, those moratoriums are causing us to fall behind, and so we set up a life-to-date reserve on those costs. I expect we'll have to modify that each quarter, but I don't -- I think this is a very high charge this quarter that we shouldn't expect to see this level of charge repeat itself in the future.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the runoff was about -- the paydown was about $230 million. The only offset to that was the fact that we had further sub-investment grade securities downgraded. So net-net, the actual book value changed by about $50 million to $100 million, not as much as we would have expected, but we're still holding to our assumptions around after the impact on our capital over the next 15 months.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the total integration charges that we assumed with National City in the original assumptions previously announced is about $300 million. Not all of that will occur next year, but probably a good majority of it will. As far as other factors, I mean, trust preferred when we call those, we have a number of that maturing next year. I mean, we'll have to look at rates at that time and make a decision as to whether or not it's a good decision to call or not, and to the extent there may be a charge for those as well. I can't venture a guess on what other litigation or regulatory tech charges might present with those.
Richard J. Johnson: I think it's the same point that Jim made on the previous, as you got to look at the whole relationship. And what we've been able to do through changing the checking relationship and other factors is to drive a lot of volume of new customer accounts into the company. And if we can drive the volume and increase transaction activities through that, then we can overcome some of the fee factors.  The other we can do is to take a very hard look given the change in consumer behavior on a consolidation of branches, as well as the cost to serving branches and putting the right staffing models in place. And these are things that we're working on today, but you're not going to get all that money back in one year. It's going to take a couple of years to be able to recoup it.
Richard J. Johnson: They were primarily agency, mortgage-backed securities and some high-quality commercial mortgage-backed securities that we moved into help ourself, because we have an intent to hold maturity. So very high-quality securities and moved them into hold the maturity [ph].
Richard J. Johnson: Well, if you look at from the second quarter to the third quarter, you saw about a $200 million shift. Half of that is due to the commercial book in the cash recoveries and the improvements. We're seeing that the other half is where the consumer book is extending the life of the loans out. And as a result, we're going to be receiving more interest for a longer period of time than our original assumption. So it's a little mix of both.
Richard J. Johnson: Some are modified, yes. But that's not the primary reason for the extension. It's just that our assumptions around the cash flows may have been more conservative than it will be in the future or it is now -- sorry, more conservative previous than it is now.
