James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. This was a very strong quarter for PNC. With our expanded territory and an improving economy, we see tremendous opportunities to continue to grow customers and revenue. We continue to work to effectively manage our expenses and reduce credit risk. Our management team and our 57,000 employees are focused on meeting customer needs and leveraging our broad array of innovative products and services and the strength of our brand. As Rick just indicated, and subject to the assumptions he provided, we believe we're right on target to deliver a strong full year 2012. And with that, we'll be pleased to take your questions. Operator, could you give our participants the instructions, please.
James E. Rohr: If you look at the numbers in the supplement, John, and when you get a chance, you'll see the nonperforming loan categories, with the exception of the home equity where we had the policy change, virtually all the nonperforming categories went down a little bit, which is a continuation of the improvement that we've seen. And when you go over, say, 60 days and over, we've had a similar experience in delinquencies. So it's not a massive improvement in credit quality, but the positive trends continue.
James E. Rohr: Well, we haven't quantified it. The RBC franchise was primarily a retail franchise with some small business and commercial. And the product set that they had was very narrow and, to some extent, antiquated. I think they would use that term themselves. The cross-sell initiatives are already underway, as I mentioned, with the leadership that's involved. The leadership's already in place. And the treasury management has had a tremendous success right off the bat. So we're very, very pleased about that. We've only been there for 2 months, and I think the cross-selling opportunity there is as great as it is anywhere else in the company. So I would guess over the next 2 to 3 years, as we look at our National City experience, we had some of the National City markets take off last year. And we're looking at some of those National City markets as having 40% and 50% increases in sales this year, and so -- some of the ones that did not perform quite as well last year. So depending on how we're able to execute, I would think that this is a 2- to 3-year conversion to be able to ramp up all of our business lines and execute on our model.
James E. Rohr: [indiscernible] is we've been focused on the high-risk portion of the home equity book for a long period of time, and that's what’s been our primary focus. And so that's driven our reserve over time on our home equity book, and that's why we're not certain that there would be any meaningful impact on our provisioning in spite of what accounting change might take place.
James E. Rohr: That's a great question. When you look at Page 6 of the supplement, when you get a chance, you'll be able to see the trends in loan growth, and a lot of it's tied to customer growth from March 2011 through to March 2012 quarterly. And those kinds -- it starts in March of '11 at $56.6 billion on the commercial side, that confirm what you were saying. Now I'd expect that the commercial has grown quite nicely, $56 billion to $75 billion over the course of that 12-month period. So we've seen a lot of loan growth on the commercial space, and we continue to see that. And I think the real thing that might mitigate it is the pricing, as I mentioned in my comments. Some of the pricing, particularly in Ohio, seems to have gotten to a place where you're not getting the right appropriate risk adjustment return, and we would not want to participate in that. But I think we've added customers. As we mentioned, 1,000 each year for the last 2 years, and another 243 in the first quarter in terms of commercial customers that pay us over $50,000 a year. So these are meaningful players, and that shows up in the loan growth numbers, 5% organic in the first quarter.
James E. Rohr: Very modest portion of it is RBC because they really weren't and they aren’t and they weren't in that business.
James E. Rohr: About 30% of the first quarter originations were HARP. We expect the rates to stay low, which drives volumes. I think the HARP impact, you don't have to requalify as you had to in HARP 1, which was really the flaw in HARP 1. So I think the HARP 1 volumes will continue. And actually, when you see the housing business, it's actually getting better. And last but not least, seasonally, the first quarter is a weak quarter. So moving forward, the third quarter should be a strong quarter for housing.
James E. Rohr: Well, I think -- we don't discuss our lawsuits in public, I don't think. What we do each quarter is we set up a reserve for what we believe is the existing liability. And so that's what we did in the quarter, and we're hopeful in settling a number of lawsuits in the future. And that's what you reserve for.
James E. Rohr: I think what happened in the first quarter is we increased our estimates based upon what we thought various lawsuits might cost us. And that's an estimate, of course. I think our guidance is that, obviously, we reserve for what we believe is probable and estimable according to the rules. The guidance going forward, I think, has to be more of an industry guidance. If we were aware of more estimable and probable items, we would have reserved for it already. But if you look at what's going on in the industry, I think you would be hard pressed to make any other comment besides litigation will continue. It's probably reserve for what was probable and estimable for the quarter.
James E. Rohr: I think in the past, we've talked quite openly about the very high-priced CDs that National City have. And they've been rolling off for the last 18 months, and we had a big roll-off as we had forecasted in the second half of last year, which impacted our interest cost in the first quarter. I think Rick has a number of comments about the $5 billion that's rolling off in the second quarter this year, so.
James E. Rohr: Remember, the 2Q number is affected by the maturities in the first quarter. And the 3Q number is impacted by the maturities that take place over the second quarter.
James E. Rohr: I think we've done a fair amount of work in that. And that's why we're particularly comfortable with the forecast that we gave a little earlier, that we expected -- we expect these mortgage origination volumes to continue and actually grow through the rest of the year.
James E. Rohr: I think you're exactly right on that. That was the qualification we gave a little earlier, and you're exactly right on that. The rates stay where they are today, we expect volumes to be very strong for the year.
James E. Rohr: It is -- I think we -- I don't think we don't want to be too particular. But the -- it does seem now that we have a relatively large footprint and, as Rick said, we've grown loans in 24 of our markets. And last year, all of our markets exceeded plan. Right now, we're just seeing that the pricing said -- not so much the structure, but the pricing side is starting to become so competitive that you're not getting the right risk-adjusted return. And so that -- I think we'll probably slow our growth there if we're not able to get that kind of return.
James E. Rohr: It was 5% in the quarter. I think that the most interesting thing to do is, when you get a chance, on Page 6 of the supplement, we've been driving it. We've talked about how we grew 1,000 primary customers each of the last 2 years in the Corporate Banking side. You can see it resulting in the loan growth that you see starting in March 31 of '11, where we have $56.6 billion and then it grew to $75.5 billion in the first quarter. I mean, those -- obviously, there was a yield. There were $10 billion lift in the first quarter. But we've been growing $3 billion or so a quarter right along for some period of time now in organic growth.
James E. Rohr: We remain short. We're not betting on interest rates. And as you can see, we're not making bets on adding a lot of residential mortgage loans to our book either.
James E. Rohr: I think we're -- what we're looking at right now is really building out the RBC franchise. We've got a good job, I think, of building out the National City franchise, but we're not complete yet. We've got some more hires in order to fully implement our business model in the National City markets. And we're brand new at the RBC markets, where RBC really didn't have full complex of products and services to compete in the marketplace like we do. So I think those are the -- the executing and those 2 acquisitions really is, by far, our biggest opportunity. And it's looking better than we have ever expected on both acquisitions, I might add.
James E. Rohr: Well, I think the future acquisitions for what we see right now is building some new branches in a few places. I don't think -- I think really it's about people for us right now in the southeast. So we'll be acquiring people at a pretty good pace, but we've got lots and lots -- we have thousands of applications. So that's the execution for us and the opportunity for us right now.
James E. Rohr: Not a lot. In the 10s, 20, 30, over time. We said -- for example, and I think we've talked about it, in Atlanta, we thought we would need maybe 100 branches in Atlanta in all -- in the right places in order to compete. So we acquired 55 with RBC and 27 with Flagstar, which puts us pretty close to where we need to be. So we could build a few branches and be done without having to do any meaningful acquisition at all.
James E. Rohr: No, I think it’s continued. I think the economy is, I think, continuing to do a little better each time we look. We're seeing unemployment has come down. Employment has gone up. We're seeing capital expenditures grow. We're seeing – a little bit more than we’re seeing capital expenditures grow. We've seen loans grow. So I think the economy continues to do a little better, and even housing is doing a little better in certain pockets. So I think the customers we have -- and we just finished a new survey and again, 40% of our new small business and middle market customers are talking about raising prices. So I think the -- obviously, their businesses are doing better. What we don't see is anybody stepping up saying, "I'm going to build a giant plant and add lots of people." Because I think that's the confidence level that's missing in this economy.
James E. Rohr: No, it's not us. We're -- obviously, we're being -- it's a competitive marketplace. It always is. The best loans are made in the worst of times and vice versa. So I think we're entering into better times, and banks are becoming more aggressive in their pricing and in their policies. We haven't seen a big change in structure, seeing some but not a big change in structure as you had, especially in the commercial and middle market side. It's a -- there's been a -- the pricing, especially on the larger credits, is clearly being impacted by competition. And we see it particularly in Ohio, where when we take -- when we look at -- take a look at our entire footprint. And by the way, we compete. We're not going to lose any big customers in Ohio for price. But -- unless it's really crazy. But when we're looking at new customers, I think we have to really make sure that we're getting the right risk-adjusted return on the relationship.
James E. Rohr: Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us. We think it was a very, very strong quarter for PNC. We're very pleased with what we were able to accomplish this quarter, including the conversion of RBC and bringing it online, and we're pleased to raise the dividend, too. Thank you for joining us this morning.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, it definitely did, John. What we picked up was primarily the incremental interest income on the non-impaired loans. Overall, the total contribution of purchase accounting in the quarter for RBC was about $50 million. In addition, we had about $50 million of regular net interest income, so a total of about $100 million. So that was a strong driver. Because as you recall, John, we had said that PNC stand-alone would be relatively flat as the core would grow and we'd have further runoff in purchase accounting.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, the piece related to impaired loans is pretty easy to figure out because that'll either stay where it is or go up as the portfolios improve, and that's about $80 million to $90 million for the full year. The piece that's maybe a little more difficult on the non-impaired loans, right now, that's estimated between, say, $250 million and $300 million, somewhere in that range. But on those loans, John, to the extent that those potential credit events could occur on that book, the amount of accretion when you go nonperforming could be less. So you shouldn't assume the total difference and the fair value mark will all come back into net interest income over time.
Richard J. Johnson: That's -- well, for the full year, John, we're embedding about $350 million for the full year, and that is embedded in our guidance. That's correct. And that includes both impaired and non-impaired loans. The -- if you -- put it all together and look at the yield on the portfolio, it's about a 7% yield on the loans we acquired from RBC.
Richard J. Johnson: No -- yes, John, $263 million is PNC combined. This quarter, only $50 million of accretable yield is related to RBC. The RBC accretable yield for the full year is about $350 million.
Richard J. Johnson: We're still on the same guidance we had before, John, which is that, that would be down $500 million 2011 to 2012.
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely, John. I think we'll have -- as I mentioned, we'll have further benefits related to the CDs that reprice in the second quarter, which we've been forecasting for some time. But we also incorporated the benefit of the repricing of the trust preferred. In all likelihood, given the rates on those securities, unless there is something dramatic in terms of a rise in rates, we'll be calling those securities. And if there is a rise in rates, we'll be okay with that, too.
Richard J. Johnson: It's the performance of the first quarter, John. We clearly have beaten the previous guidance we've given you in the first quarter, with it being down from an average of last year's numbers, as well as we feel good about what we're seeing, modestly improving credit quality statistics on PNC. And we think we've done a very good job of marking the portfolio of RBC and have considered the risks in that book and don't expect to have significant credit deterioration in that portfolio as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, we're -- we do expect to continue in that forecast to have loan growth. And so the more loan growth we had, the more that's going to use up capital. And so therefore, we'll continue to have that. We did spend a bit of capital, as you know, on RBC. So that had an impact on where we're going. And we feel that we'll hit the 8% to 8.5% range in that time frame, and we see really no reason to get there any sooner.
Richard J. Johnson: No. I do expect that you will see pressure on the margin because we do expect to continue to grow the balance sheet, continue to grow loans. Yes, we will get benefit, and yes, we will have a good net interest income. But I think the growth in loans will cause it some modest pressure, is the way I would put it, on the overall margin.
Richard J. Johnson: No, no. I think that was pretty good in terms of where we're going to go. We basically -- we're going to get -- no, we're still on that number. We're $800 million improvement on the liability side, $300 million detrimental on the asset side and a decline of about $500 million in purchase accounting. And that relates to PNC stand-alone. Incremental to that, we expect to have RBC interest probably between $800 million and $900 million.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the $160 million was because we've moved the nonperforming category from 180-day delinquency down to 90. And we'll continue to look at, in the second quarter, as to whether we should consider further movement into the nonperforming category, given whether we see delinquencies on the first. We don't have that -- we're going to probably be implementing similar policies to what you saw at the other institutions in Q2.
Richard J. Johnson: It is. What we'll probably take another look at is the classification, what's nonperforming, determine whether that has an impact on charge-offs. But we feel that the reserves we have today have adequately considered those risks, and therefore, we'll learn from the information. But we don't expect a significant change.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think in terms of cost saves, we've given the $400 million as it relates to the stand-alone legacy PNC and $150 million on RBC, which we'll grow to $230 million next year, by the way, when we have the full year impact to that. And as I mentioned, we're well on our way to achieving all of those goals. So very comfortable there. RBC for the month of -- or the quarter and the month we reported, it was at about $40 million. But as Jim mentioned, we have some pretty significant plans to invest in frontline personnel in order to grow the Asset Management and the Corporate & Institutional Bank activity in that region. And so therefore, we expect, over time, the quarterly number there to grow to about $170 million.
Richard J. Johnson: Let me clarify your first comment, which is that we are not expecting credit to improve from where we are today in terms of the credit cost through the rest of the year. What we are saying is that we expect 2012 credit cost to be better than 2011 credit cost in total. So I wouldn't take what we booked as part of provision this quarter and start to see improvements through the rest of the year. I think it'll stay stable. I'm not expecting significant change in it, but I'm not suggesting it's going to go down quarter-to-quarter, okay. So just to clarify that. I think on the nonperforming assets, I think you have to remember that, one, you're right. We did have the change in the policy, which is about $160 million. We also added about $250 million of OREO assets in the acquisition of RBC. So that's why you see the inflow is elevated. That represents almost the entire increase in the inflow into the nonperforming category. Now I don't know -- I missed your third question, but...
Richard J. Johnson: I don't see a huge impact on that from the RBC. I think we did a really good job at taking a look at what they consider to be impaired. We went deeper in the book to identify other loans that we felt had elements of impairment, where they may not have called them nonperforming and so we impaired those as well. On the other side, I think the marks we took on the regular portfolio of the performing loans of about $1.1 billion, we think is adequate such that you have to -- the accounting on that book, just to -- I hate to go into the accounting too much, but remember, we'll be accreting that to future value, right, from the fair value to the EPV. We won't recognize net interest income if they go nonperforming. But we also won't recognize credit cost anytime soon unless you have a specific credit event. So as you compare the FAS 5 reserve against the unamortized discount, it's unlikely to exceed the unamortized discount. So I'm not expecting a lot of credit cost this year related to the RBC acquisition.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I wouldn't necessarily say this is going to be the answer to what the ultimate schedule is going to be. But if you look at some of the percentages other firms had put out, they're about 1.5% to 2% of their seconds, and we have about $25 billion of seconds. So we don't have a specific number, but I think there's no reason why we would expect our issues to be greater than that, given the quality of the underwriting that we did in our portfolio and the types of -- a lot of our home equity portfolio is in footprint. We know the customer. We know the -- we have the checking account. There's a lot of high quality to that portfolio.
Richard J. Johnson: And then, Jim, to that point, I think we had growth on 24 out of our 32 markets in this quarter. So I think that's good diversification on that growth.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think the other thing I'd mention to you is the revenue guidance we have given you, which is high-single digits growth, is not dependent on the volume in the mortgage company. But if we don't have that volume, I would say that I think our expense guidance probably could be better than what we've given you so far.
Richard J. Johnson: Ed, on your previous question, it's about $166 million in the RBC impact on the 30 to 59. And you're seeing most of that in the commercial space, as well as in the residential real estate.
Richard J. Johnson: Sure, Ed. The private equity is about $62 million. The hedge gains on the MSRs was about 72 -- $71 million.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, Ed, I think the 2.4% you quote is, as you would imagine, a bit misleading, given all the impaired marks we have on the acquired loans. So therefore, the reserve on loans will actually be much higher than that. So it's hard to compare that to other industry stats if people haven't had acquisitions. So I think there's further room to reduce that over time in terms of that, that particular ratio, while still being adequately reserved for the acquired loans through the purchase accounting marks we've taken.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. And that 2.2%, I could see that. Overall, Ed, you see we've got deposit rate of about 31 basis points overall. I can see that going further down to probably between 20 and 25 basis points, something like that, based on more repricing that'll continue to occur in the second quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: I think that's all in on deposits when you consider some of the repricing of the broader book, as well as the impact of the CDs maturing and so on. I think it's -- I believe that overall cost of deposits of 31 basis points will continue to go lower. I'd be surprised if it goes below 20 basis points, but I could see it going lower for sure.
Richard J. Johnson: No. Almost all the major repricing we have, Ed, will be finished in the second quarter. After that, almost the entire book of CDs we have is pretty consistent with what PNC would consider relationship account and we would price -- that's already been priced accordingly. And the CDs we bought on from RBC, the $4 billion. They're at about 1.5%. They weren't -- they didn't have the large marks that you saw at National City.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, we have a $5 billion maturing at a 2.2% rate. We'll keep about half of those, and I expect the others to reprice down to around 30 basis points.
Richard J. Johnson: The expense trends for the revenues we're generating today in the Asset Management side are already baked into the number. To the extent we continue to invest in more people, I presume we'll see more revenue beyond where we are today. On the mortgage side, it's a little bit more direct. As the mortgage volume goes up, the expenses go up with it. And we saw a little bit of that in the first quarter. One of the reasons why we have projected full year expenses to go to mid- to high-single digits is because of that volume and the fact that we'll see further mortgage-related expenses on that volume, as well as the mortgage foreclosure-related pieces. So I think mortgage expenses could go up as the revenues and volume goes up, where -- I think Asset Management, we're pretty much at the right running rate.
Richard J. Johnson: The $9.8 billion increase in the quarter, $3.4 billion of that was organic, which is a 5% growth over the prior quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Gerard. We had the -- with the change in the nonperforming policy for home equity loans, where we moved delinquency from 180 to 90, we moved it to nonperforming. That's about $160 million of the increase. The other piece of the increase is we acquired OREO assets from RBC of around $250 million. The 2 of those together make up for the inflow.
Richard J. Johnson: That's pretty much it, Mike. On the National City acquisition, which is where all the high-priced CDs came from. Those -- let's say, we've got about $5 billion repricing in the second quarter at average rate 2.2%. That's about it. After that, I would say the -- we picked up $4 billion from RBC at about 1.5%. That's -- some of those will reprice over time, but I'm not looking for a big drop in yield related to those or a big drop in cost.
Richard J. Johnson: We had about $50 million of accretion related to purchase accounting RBC, which is a combination of accretion on the impaired loans as well as accretion on the non-impaired loans.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, absolutely. I think if you think about the fact that we had -- we didn't issue any equity. You look at the cost we had for the month. It was $40 million. So as we had previously described, the ability to take cost out quickly was something that we're very excited about with this deal. And then when you add in the accretion related to the impaired loans and the unimpaired loans, you get to that much in the first month, yes.
Richard J. Johnson: I think for the full year, Mike, we'll get on this transaction, excluding integration costs, we should get close to $0.40 accretion.
Richard J. Johnson: Mike, it's better for 2 reasons. It's better because of the fact that we didn't have to issue equity, and we got clarity around that. So obviously, that's improved it. That's about $0.12, as well as the fact that we have higher accretion on the unimpaired loans than was originally anticipated.
