Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bill and good morning everyone. As you have seen this morning, we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.82 per diluted common share with a return on average assets of 1.35%. It was a good quarter for us highlighted by aggressive expense control and continued improvement in credit quality inside of a somewhat difficult revenue environment. You saw that we grew loans by $2.6 billion and deposits by about $1.5 billion. On the loan side, once again the growth came from the commercial side of our business with our retail balances actually declining slightly. Expenses were down due to seasonality and our continued emphasis on improving efficiency throughout the organization. And Rob is going to take you through some details on this in his comments. It’s worth noting though that expenses were down even as we’re making significant investments across our company to bolster our core infrastructure including cyber and to continue to support our ability to deliver the products and services that our customers want. I mentioned it’s been a tough revenue environment and in fact revenues declined quarter-over-quarter. Now, some of this decline reflects seasonally lower activity and a lower day count as well as a lower benefit from release of residential mortgage repurchase reserves. But beyond this, we remain in a low rate environment, fierce competition for earning assets as we try to outpace purchase accounting run-off and lower mortgage revenues with poor loan growth and fee growth across all of our lines of businesses. While we lost that race in the first quarter, I am somewhat encouraged by the modest increases in utilization we’ve seen in our commercial balances, the continued success of our specialty lending areas as well as our year-on-year growth in core non-interest income. We continue to make ongoing progress against our strategic priorities which I’ve outlined here in the past. This quarter actually marked 2 years since we closed on our acquisition of RBC Bank USA. Starting with only a retail branch network, we have fully built out our asset management and corporate banking businesses across the southeast. We now have about 4,000 frontline employees working across our markets in the southeast and we’re growing the business there faster than we anticipated on the back of a significantly improved brand recognition. Now intense competition has made it somewhat more difficult to win new clients in certain segments than when we first arrived there, but across all lines of business we’re pleased with growth that is outpacing the growth in our Northeast and Midwest markets and continues to gain momentum. To highlight another of our strategic priorities, in the retail bank, customers continue to migrate to ATM online and mobile channels as their preferred vehicles for everyday transactions. And this year, we’re focusing on piloting a conversion of our traditional branches to the universal branch model, which emphasizes consultation and sales. The transformation of our retail banking business is being self funded with the savings we’re generating through our continuous improvement process. As we’ve said, our strategic priorities are long-term efforts and our intended to deliver a differentiated customer experience and to create long-term shareholder value. To that end, we continue to strengthen our capital position in the quarter and then keeping with our previously stated intention to return more capital to our shareholders, we announced an increase in our quarterly common stock dividend of 9% to $0.48 per share beginning with the May 2014 payment. We also announced plans to repurchase up to $1.5 billion of common stock over the next four quarters. So with that I’ll turn it over to Rob to take you through the first quarter results.
Bill Demchak: We shall see, right? We’re going to just kick that off. We are obviously value dependent to some point to some extent. We see value where we are today. So, maybe I’ll leave it at that and we’ll see where we end up as we go through the year.
Bill Demchak: Sure. Just anecdotally, across virtually all of our lines of businesses, the growth in the Southeast is outpacing what we’re doing in our legacy franchises. Surprisingly to me at least probably most pronounced on the retail side where client growth there is much higher than legacy markets. C&IB and wealth kind of starting from scratch, continue to add good clients and loan balances and fee income inside of wealth. So, it’s progressing well largely across all of the markets that we acquired. It’s coming, we’ve said this before, it’s coming certainly in terms of C&IB and wealth off of such a small base, their percentages are massive in terms of increases. The impact to our bottom-line, it’s still early days and that will grow through time.
Bill Demchak: Well, let’s just start on real estate, I mean you have to remember the capacity that left the market post crisis with the European banks pulling back. A lot of that slack being -- the slack from that and then the CMBS market shrinking being taken up by insurance companies and new bank entrants. The competition in the market is accelerated, as I look at sort of our spread declines quarter-on-quarter or over the last 6 months is probably most accelerated inside at real estate, structures are still good. I think one of the things that we benefit from is because we lent straight through the crisis to our core good Class A clients. They continue to come back to us. So, we need to be on market, we don’t need to be through market. We continue to see good growth again led by multifamily, some term stuff on balance sheet, a pickup and office properties and even a little bit in lodging. On the C&I side, it’s a tough fight. It’s harder and harder to pull certainly versus the crisis to pull a client away from a competitor. Interestingly, the spread declines seem to have slowed down relative to what we were kind of marching through last year and it varies by segment. So on the specialty businesses and asset-based lending, certain public finance products and equipment leasing; there is less providers, so therefore less competition and a little bit more room on spread. The generic product is tough.
Bill Demchak: I think we’ve given, Rob has kind of given you all the guidance, we’re going to give you in terms of level one detail, but some colored commentary. First on the expenses, I didn’t deliver the company deliver. And it’s an important point that the franchise really has gotten its arms around the importance of saving money to reinvest money and the importance of improving our efficiency ratio. The end result of that, we’re going to play out this year if we continue to see positive trends in loan growth whether from the southeast or simply from some of the utilization increase we have seen in our C&I space maybe there is upside to it and then that will roll through to the efficiency ratio. But we’re one quarter into the year. We had a strange first quarter just in terms of weather-related impact and some of the seasonality so I don’t know exactly how to extrapolate from here and give you anything more than what Rob already gave you.
Bill Demchak: Two answers of that question. The investments show-up in terms of cash spent, not necessarily in terms of expense yet because a lot of them are capitalized and then depreciated through time, so we will, we’re probably investing at a steady phase for a period of time with depreciation to roll-on somewhere down the line as we take out further costs to fund the depreciation. So we’re early days in what we are investing and the end outcome of these investments particularly as it relates to our infrastructure and operational areas is more efficient back office and better customer service through automation and less manual process. So we’re spending the dollars steady state, you are not necessarily seeing that inside of the expense line directly today.
Bill Demchak: Too early to comment on next year, but one of the things that did happen this year, if you look at our results versus the federal reserve’s results and this was true for all of our peers, their asset growth assumption in result and risk-weighted assets. The differential between patterns where we were was largely the difference between their outcome and ours. I’ll remind you that we talk about the binding constraint being the obvious comment, the ending ratio not the starting ratio and we obviously had room on a phased in Basel III number this year, where conceivably we could have done more, we think we did a lot. We will reevaluate next year as a function of what they are going to look at in terms of how they calculate the bottom number vis-à-vis Basel III. Our intention and I’d probably just leave it here, our intention is to return more rather than less inside of a fairly complexed framework in terms of both what we measure as to what we have available and what they think we have available.
Bill Demchak: No, look it is the right question, right. So whether we go from 55% to 65% to 75% to 90%, right we’re going to continue to build the capital base that inside of our own plans given our assumptions that we’re not going to be buying anything any time soon, effectively built capital levels for us. You guys use the term capital trap, but what do you do about it. One of the things that I think we and the rest of the industry, I should just speak for we, one of the things I think eventually happens is that we move beyond what we would do directly and share repurchase is a way to return capital into sort of annual special dividend as part of this process, I don’t know when that is, but it’s quite clear to me that all else equal, they will stay just the way they are we and the rest of the industry are going to book capital levels well beyond what the required minimums are.
Bill Demchak: Yes. And we also have inside of the earnings assumptions or the revenue assumptions in the base case of CCAR, we have some inconsistencies versus what we would actually think we can make because we don’t count certain revenues in CCAR that for us are repeatable and recurring. So there is a disconnect on that side as well.
Bill Demchak: We have an overdraft where it’s been pressure on numbers in front of me, but been pressured year-on-year largely I think because of consumer behavior.
Bill Demchak: On the commercial side, deposit pricing is pretty competitive to outright market rates, I think money market type yields and have been and we continue to be there. Those deposits don’t count for much inside of LCR though, right? So transaction deposits are where it makes a difference or where money market accounts with consumers. And we are changing pricing at the margin as it relates to those products. Part of the issue, Rob mentioned the rules aren’t finalized yet as we try to figure out how much of a gap we have or don’t have; there is 2 or 3 items that they’re still working through the LCR common process related to look through on securitizations, municipal deposits, some draw rates on other products that have a material impact on our outcome. And so, we’re not in a huge hurry to change what we’re doing today until we know what the final rules are because we don’t want to do long-term structural change the way we fund ourselves unless we have to.
Bill Demchak: We’ve been pretty clear through time that we’ll monetize the Visa stake through time as we see value, we’ve been doing that fairly consistently for the last couple of years. Given what we might do this year, I don’t see us going back for the federal money mature if we could to go back and request additional capital actions. It obviously adds to our capital base which will come into play for next year, as we take gains this year though.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So, it’s early days but we’ve seen a decent chunk of the growth in the first quarter and C&I come through utilization increases interestingly for the first time in a really long time in the middle market book. So the plain vanilla revolver middle market corporate America were popped up I think 50 basis points plus or minus. We’ve actually seen a continuation of that into the front couple of weeks of April. Now, I would tell you with all sorts of caveats that people tell me that utilization typically does pop in the second quarter, so maybe that’s just seasonal and it’s going to go away. The bull case on this whole thing is, if you look, if you follow the CEO Confidence Index and people have been showing me these chats where you kind of regret that against capital expenditures. It is highly correlated and we’ve seen that the CEO index increase. So maybe we’re finally getting the pop in capital expenditures which are driving these line increases. But we’re quarter into the year, we had a weird couple of months to the start of the year because of weather. And [a boy] I’d like to continue to trend, but I can’t tell you it’s going to happen yet.
Bill Demchak: We had some weird quarter-to-quarter swings too with CVA impacting results and Harris Williams traditionally has it and did last year a really strong fourth quarter. We saw weakness in corporate bond fees in the first quarter while we’re less dependent on it. But nonetheless, it impacts our number along with the rest of large banks reporting capital markets income. That on the normalize out. And when you get over the year end the effects, pretty confident that we would do well in the second quarter.
Bill Demchak: If you are thinking of the deposit growth numbers, we continue to run off sort of non-core and CD not having as much impact on our margin as it once did. But I believe and somebody can correct me here if I am wrong, I think our core transaction deposits are actually outpacing loan growth; it’s just the run off in the CD balances that are causing that mix to shift. So, I think as we kind of burn through the residual of the non-core, we’re actually running a much more balanced production of deposits against loans. Were that to change, right, the levers we have certainly on the consumer side, which are morality or friendly is to get more aggressive inside the money market space on rate paid, which probably in this environment doesn’t make a huge difference, but as rates begin to rise through time, I think we’ll move flows.
Bill Demchak: Not necessarily. So, you see, the decline on spot balance is towards the first. That duration was replaced largely inside of the swap book, just received fixed on swap. So, the other thing inside of our securities book today is a lot of the stuff that we own is floating rate and not adding duration. So, our ability to get the duration we need in a higher rate environment can be done, as you know, with same notionals and longer duration of the underlying securities and/or the swap book. And all of that will be a function of market opportunity. But one thing we have done is inside of the securities book, the percentage of that book that is level one, securities has increased through time, right? So, to the extent that it’s on our balance sheet and level one is not really impacting our LCR calculation versus just having cash set at the Fed.
Bill Demchak: I think inside of that number you have the impacts from loans and the impact from securities yield. And on the loan side, we are kind of grinding lower on average spread across the book at a slower pace than we once were. So, maybe we’re approaching some neutral point. Securities balances, we’ve again seen yields, we got excited that tenure went over 3% for a day and that is back down. So, reinvestment yield and securities continues to be less than the average yield on a book by a fair margin. And in fact if anything we continue to get shorter in that book rather than longer given the opportunity we see on where yields are. So that -- look at the end of the day, we have $58 billion of securities yielding what 3, a little over 3%. We’re reinvesting to the extent we do at 2.5%. So, you get 50 basis points and $58 billion over $300 billion, you can do the math and run it through our margins.
Bill Demchak: So that switches almost instantaneously, if we trade again back to the top-end of the range in yields that we’ve kind of been bouncing around for the -- I keep talking about the tenure, but it’s really the middle of the curve that we focus on.
Bill Demchak: And just on return on Rob is our asset-based book is probably the best we have. But we don’t -- we measure return across our client not just on the credit extension. So, inside the corporate book where the returns on the loans and sales might be marginally lower, the return on the client given cross-sell off treasury management and other products typically makes it really attractive.
Bill Demchak: It’s probably measured in years if for no other reason and a substantial part of our growth continues to be in project loans, which fund up over the course of a couple of years by definition, yes. We have seen spreads come in, in that segment, but risk adjusted returns still look pretty good. And as I said before, we have seen that the partnerships we had and supported through the downturn continue to reward us with business in a way that that isn’t necessarily jumped off of the highest bidder credit provider which is great.
Bill Demchak: Look, it’s a great question, but the way I am going to answer it is, will get backwards. So, we basically want to be able to say that in an adverse case, our capital ratio won’t drop below the 7% threshold. And in a severely adverse flow, the 4.5 inclusive of those 2 things, we’d also run a buffer that’s a function of some of our idiosyncratic risk. So, I define my starting point as a function of my ending point and struggle with giving you a number on the starting point is every year we get hit with a new scenario. And even when we can expect what the scenario is, we might get hit with a rule change. So this year kind of at the 11th hour, we had loan balances grow in the Fed case. We don’t necessarily think that what happened, but nonetheless that’s what they ran in their numbers. So that’s our challenge. I would like to think that we’re at a level today that supports, and I do think that we’re at a level today that supports our needs and is above what our threshold ought to be. We then get back to the issue of what can I actually do about it being so high given that we have constraints on how much we can return to shareholders through the capital return request. So, I think we’re where we need to be. I don’t think we’re supposed to grow from here, mechanically we may end up growing.
Bill Demchak: It has. Yes, it has entered into discussion not in any formal sense, so I brought up in discussions. So I think of course the issue with dividends is the repeatability of it, if it’s a special dividend then in fact, it’s a one-time request not the similar from the share repurchase. The issue we will face should things trend that direction has been able to get a valuation multiple, effectively the repeatability of that special dividend, so that shareholders value beyond just the one time. All that needs to be worked through. But I think at some point, I mean if you just run through in our case, the potential capital return, at some point we are appropriately price sensitive to where we would be buying back shares and at some point, returning capital through dividend is I think a smarter long-term thing for our shareholders.
Bill Demchak: Well, it’s certainly going to grow; it’s kind of in pilot phase if that’s all right. We’re kind of learning from experience in the customer experience inside those branches and tweaking it as we go. But you got to remember that somewhere down the road, if you think of touch points with our retail clients; we will have what looks like a traditional branch, but it will be a universal branch. We’ll also have lots micro branches and technology branches, effectively, a smart ATM. So, our full service branches being universal branches I would think that most if not all of them would transform into that model or whatever that, however we perfect that model. But beyond that we’re going to have a lot of branches that are more technology-based and may have fewer, if any employees.
Bill Demchak: We haven't put a specific number out there. Our capital spend so across technology and just physical plant if we, some of this is just rolling out image-enabled ATMs and some other things. It is 20%, 30% higher than a run rate we might have had a handful of years ago and it will be elevated for a couple of years. That's probably the best I can give you. Again we expect on the back-end of this through automation to takeout manual process that largely funds it. But it's not just, some of this is [the client] facing technology, which is important, but a big part of it is core infrastructure and cyber, it's resiliency, it is ease of use for our employees and customers, it's big data. It's all the stuff that I think it takes to be a leading edge bank as we move into the future here.
Bill Demchak: We can say it question a lot. People asking can we kind of put aspirational targets out there and most of you have heard my speech and I struggle with doing that because if you tell me an interest rate environment I will tell you an ROA and ROE. We need to do more though in terms of talking about the power and potential of this franchise and it’s something we are working on and I would expect that one of the upcoming conferences will go through that in some detail.
Bill Demchak: Well, just on value on the shares I am not going to go down the path of telling you a price target and where I am a buyer and where I am not other than just say as we said before we see value where we are today and we’ll play it out from there. As it relates to loan growth independent of share price performance here I don’t see in any viable scenario where loan growth will impact that.
Bill Demchak: I mean it would have to be some unachievable percentage before we’d run into a constraint vis-à-vis our buyback driven just by asset growth as opposed to where we’re seeing value and shares.
Bill Demchak: I mean I think it’s a near-term issue. Our issue is when you do an integration particularly one that it involves consumer accounts, loan accounts, you basically map the two technologies together field-to-field, record-to-record and you have to freeze everything, because at some point you are going to move all of those files over under the remaining system. So any application updates that you might be doing in the ordinary course during that mapping process, you have to stop. Our particular issue is that because we had been pretty active acquirers over the last multiple years, we froze changes that we probably should have made. So now we’re catching up, we’re getting applications up to speed, we’re refreshing datacenters, we’re improving cyber, we’re doing a lot of things. I don’t want to freeze that progress to do a small bank deal, even if I saw value in a small bank deal, which today we don’t which is a separate issue. Down the road, it actually becomes a competitive advantage if you have a technology platform that would allow you to integrate faster, that's a good thing. So it's kind of near-term priority for us to get our technology agenda behind us. I don't think there is any opportunity cost associated with that, because we don't see value in small deals today that may change later.
Bill Demchak: Just quickly again to reiterate where we are; we continue to be focus on strategic priorities which we are making good progress on. We are intensely focused on controlling expenses because they are the one thing we can drive here in what is a tough revenue environment. I am pleased with the organization’s progress as we go into the Southeast and against our other priorities, we’ll play the year out here, but I think we are in pretty good shape. So, continue to deliver for shareholders, I’ll just end there.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. So, our guidance is for the full NII and NIM, obviously when we say modestly down if you take out purchase accounting that modestly down decreases by a bit. But it’s really going to be a function of what Bill mentioned in his comments, which is that rate so to speak between loans and yields. So that will determine the core NII levels and of course the core NIM.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think yields are certainly under pressure and then the loan growth is in terms of the modest growth that we expect to be seeing would offset that.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. The short answer is, it’s too early to extrapolate our first quarter results. We’re pleased with the level in terms of the $250 million decrease linked-quarter. So we’re pleased that that performance prompts that question. But there is seasonality involved there; there are further investments in the business that we’re going to make in the balance of the year. So, it’s too early to extrapolate that, but it is safe to conclude that we’re off to a good start.
Rob Reilly: Yes okay, Erika this is Rob. I will try to answer most of that, remind me what I didn’t answer. In regard to the liquidity coverage ratio and our efforts to move in compliance, as you know the rules aren’t finalized yet so we are moving towards that somewhat of an unknown target. That said, we have done quite a bit. And that has shown up in our net interest income and our NIM. Last quarter you will recall 7 basis points of our NIM contraction was LCR related, in this quarter as I said in my comments it’s four basis points. So, where we don’t know where the final stop is, I think it is sufficient to say that we are more than half way there in the bulk of what we experienced in NIM compression related to LCR activities based on what we know now is more behind us than ahead of us.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And just to add to that the stake, at the end of the quarter about 9.5 million shares worth $850 million on our books worth $130 million, so then realized gain is just north of $700 million.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And I think it’s pretty straight forward John. There is a seasonality effect and we’ll get the lift there. And then in addition to that, it’s just returns on the investments and the strategic emphasis that we put on those businesses.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So charge-offs in the first quarter were -- net charge-offs were $186 million, our provision was $94 million, which generated a 92 release. Going forward, assuming credit quality and credit trends all stay consistent we see net charge-offs in a similar kind of range which is where they have been for a while. Provision: Our provision guidance in terms of that 100 to 150 is our estimate in terms of sort of what we are seeing. And if that all plays out, we would have further releases although not necessarily at the same level in the first quarter.
Rob Reilly: That’s a big part of the effort obviously Ken, particularly in terms of the LCR. So to the extent that the LCR is part of that we have been pretty clear in terms of we are moving along in terms of where we think we are going but not quite sure where the final target is. In regard to loan and deposits, we remain core funded. We plan to stay that way. You are correct that loans at least recently I think growing faster than deposits. And that’s something that we manage actively, but that core funding is our philosophy and we continue to manage in that direction.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure. I can answer that. In terms of the loan growth most of it is coming from the C&IB space as we mentioned and within that in the quarter commercial real estate, further improvement in commercial real estate, corporate banking to Bill’s point around the middle-market book and business credit. And I think probably those are the areas with the exception of the middle-market where we’re seeing the better spread, specialty businesses, commercial real estate and business credit in particular done equipment spending.
Rob Reilly: Just a clarification in terms of non-teller transaction or deposit activities, the numbers were more a year ago 18% to now in the 30% range. And in terms of the southeast, not necessarily seeing a higher percentage, it’s pretty much a clean double across all of our markets, we went through that monthly sale ago and it’s in the 30% range and in all of our legacy markets as well as the Southeast.
Rob Reilly: That might not have included the ATM. Yes we focus on non-tailor but the mobile are increasing commensurately as well.
Rob Reilly: Yes. That's a good question. But that's -- and really it's not any guidance around Visa. Your question really relates to the other non-interest income, which a short answer is we average $300 million there on that line. We were down this quarter in the first quarter would largely drive that category and there is a number of sub-categories, so it largely drives that category; our private equity investments, credit valuation adjustments and loan, our asset sales. And in the first quarter, all three of those were down linked-quarter, which if unusual in our history that all three of those categories are down simultaneously. They are unrelated, but that’s what occurred in the first quarter. So, the short answer is, we still feel good in terms of our guidance, but that $300 million number not including Visa is a good number for the other.
