Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. You have seen this morning that we reported net income of $989 million or $1.82 per diluted common share in the second quarter. We continued to execute on our strategic priorities with overall performance you will have seen consistent with our prior guidance. Now Rob is going to take you through the numbers in a couple of minutes but I will call your attention to just a few highlights. Specifically in the second quarter we saw revenue growth on the back of strong fee income, expenses that were again well managed, stable credit quality and growth in average loans and deposits. We maintained our strong capital position and you have likely seen the announcement that the regulators did not object to our capital plan submitted as part of the 2016 CCAR process and as such we are pleased to be able to announce that the dividend will increase to $0.55 per share beginning in the third quarter. We also announced plans to repurchase up to $2 billion of common shares over the next four quarters. So all in all it was a pretty good second quarter for PNC. As we look forward in regards to interest rates the Fed appears to be back in a holding pattern on further target fed fund rate increases, at least according to the market. And post the Brexit vote we have seen long-term rates rally as global investors reach for basically any positive yield. And the combination of a strong dollar and positive yields in the US makes the US rate market preferable to virtually all others, and we have seen the impact of that. Now the impact of these two issues, which are part economic and part technical, will result in more pressure on NII and NIM over time for PNC and most of the industry. In our case this is largely going to be a function of our securities books as higher yielding securities give way to lower yielding securities going forward. That being said, we know how to navigate in this environment. And as always I can commit to you that we are very focused on those things that are within our power to control. We have opportunities to continue to grow fee income as we execute on our strategic priorities and we are also in a good position relative to our ongoing expense management efforts. And we have the ability to enhance those efforts to some extent as we continue to drive multiyear transformation within our lines of business in order to create efficiencies and deliver superior customer experience. Equally important is what we are not going to do. Now while we won't speculate on the future path of rates, that doesn't mean that we don't have a view on value. We are not going to respond to market uncertainty by suddenly changing our risk profile and/or stretching on credit or by significantly leveraging our balance sheet at what is arguably the worst possible time in the cycle. Now PNC and its investors have long benefited from our disciplined commitment to well managed risk, well-run businesses and well served customers. And that is the approach that we will continue to take as we work to grow long-term relationships and create long-term value for all of our constituencies. You have heard me say this before but banking is a cyclical business and you can't beat the cycle. Our job is to mute the impact and to add to rather than detract from long-term value in the process. And with that I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second-quarter results. And then we will take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Hoard sound like such a bad word. We have what is a $26 billion, I guess, at the Fed right now earning 50 basis points. And if we equal risk to our existing book absent LCR we are probably giving up $250 million total, rough numbers, if we replaced it at today's rates. If we did it in a way that was LCR equivalent, it is probably closer to $100 million to $150 million. And I continue -- look, I wish six months ago we had done it and then taken it off but we are not bond traders. And where rates are today the downside, the downside tail risk to trying to do that in today's rate environment just doesn't make sense to us. We will continue to invest roll off as things mature here. Unfortunately, it is getting reinvested at rates lower than what it is rolling off from and that is what my comments were about when I said that we are going to face NIM pressure going forward as the securities book rolls down. But we are not going to put that money to work on the rate side versus where we currently are. We will put it to work on good loan growth when we see the opportunity for real economic returns inside the loan books.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so the spreads have largely flattened. They didn't really go out when the bond markets blew out but they kind of stabilized and they have stayed there. Now higher yielding leverage loans have come way back in with a high-yield market itself but we don't play in that space. Our issue with loans is more about total return across the relationship than it is about where the actual spread is on a loan. And that, of course, relates to how much of the fee wallet we can get from the client, at least on the C&I side. On the retail side there is opportunity. And to be honest with you in parts of it we have been executing less well than we otherwise could. Some of that is related to in mortgage on Fed regulations and some of it is related to things we can do to improve customer experience. So we want to grow loans but we want to do it in a way where we are getting a return on capital that is suitable for shareholders. And lending a loan, particularly on the C&I side, does not do that. It is a lousy return on equity and it drops our ROE.
Bill Demchak: While, we are going to -- it is a strategic focus of ours as we kind of revamp what we are doing in consumer. We will continue to have growth in C&I. You have seen our growth in our real estate segment, much of that coming on the permanent lending side as the CMBS market remains in disruption. We continue to have growth in large corporate and ABL. Less robust growth but some in middle market. So there is growth there, it is just, to be honest I was somewhat surprised by some of the non-real estate related C&I growth numbers we saw from competitors. And my best guess on that is simply our focus towards the smaller end of large corporate as opposed to some other competitors naturally playing in the upper end where they [indiscernible] growth.
Bill Demchak: It is Bill. The Southeast continues to outperform the rest of the legacy franchise by a fair margin in terms of not just low growth but fee growth and overall client growth and that is pretty consistent across everything in C&I and in retail. So we continue to execute on that and we are pleased with the progress we are making there.
Bill Demchak: No, I would suggest to you that at the margin the Southeast is a bit better. But having said that our legacy markets we have high market share. And so it is kind of easier to grow off a base of nothing in raw numbers and obviously in percentages than it is to find the next new client in Pittsburgh. So I think it is more of that than anything else.
Bill Demchak: Well, they’re kind of linked in the following sense a lot of the investment we’re making in technology is what is allowing us to take costs out of back office and processing. If you look at the drop in our retail expense base as we consolidate branches and automate, we’re investing in technology to be able to do that, but ultimately get into run rate savings. So we say we’re not going to slow down on our investments but partly because we don’t want to slow down on our costs savings.
Bill Demchak: I think a better answer to your question or kind of where you are going is, and I know it will come up in Q&A here somewhere is, in our annual Continuous Improvement exercise we are continuing to push on that, we are kind of ahead of the game on that. We will keep pushing on that. But importantly we have identified, particularly in the retail space, opportunities over the next couple of years, and we will talk about this further when we get more details on it. But basic opportunities to fairly dramatically increase the efficiency and productivity of what we do on the consumer lending side. You have heard us talk about that in terms of the consolidation of home lending but there is more to it than that. And sort of rather than slow down our investment priorities and save nickels and dimes, which we have already done, long-term expense saves come through structural change in the Company and that is going to take as a period of time. But we have got a team on it and we are after it and we are going to work through that over the next couple of years and see that fall to the bottom line.
Bill Demchak: No, I think we are going at the right pace. Part of -- that is less about how much money you are willing to spend or want to save and more about executing in a way where you don't disrupt customers. If you think through that we need to train employees to operate in that environment, we need to acclimate clients to be able to use that environment. The teams of people we have who go out and do that training and so forth are kind of fully deployed and probably at the right pace. So my guess is it will accelerate as we go simply because we get better at it. But there is no magic to let's just do it faster.
Bill Demchak: Sure, and Rob can jump in here. But the fee growth we have been after and have succeeded at for however many quarters in a row, and we get there through pretty heavy investments inside of our treasury management business on the C&I side. As you know that is the bulk of our -- most consistent bucket of our fees inside of C&I. New product rollout we are putting in place a new wire system and real-time capability. So lots of things at the margin that kind of add to our opportunity inside of TM. In retail it is just the continuation of kind of what we have done seeing growth from retail to card to merchant to debit to straight through the categories and we just continue to pursue that. I think depending what happens here with rates through time we also have an opportunity inside of retail to raise revenue as a function of what I am going to call in-the-moment fees. And I think you have heard me talk about this before, but not a standard fee where we are just charging somebody more for some particular item, but rather offer products and services that a consumer can choose in the moment to pay for because it has particular value to them. For example, ready access to money real-time in cashing a check or other things like that. So we have got a list pages long as to what we are going to do on fee initiatives to continue to drive growth. And we think the risk return and cost of that relative to simply adding loans without commensurate share of wallet from clients it is a much better trade-off and longer-term opportunity for the company.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so, you have seen the announcements where -- and if I get this wrong I'll apologize. But Cap One is now on it to some extent, USB, Wells, JP. We will roll out in the third quarter at some point to go live with it. I think it is incredibly important long term because in effect it creates a new payment rail. It will be when it is fully formed and launched in formal fashion probably in the first quarter it will be a real-time, ubiquitous P2P payment platform that offers alternatives to traditional ACH and debit and credit grails and the implications of that I will leave to your imagination but potentially are quite power. The issue of charging for traditional P2P as it is used today if you think in the context of [indiscernible] where it is small payments between individuals, that is I think rightly or wrongly we have seen the standard set at zero with first BofA and then U.S. Bank revision to go to zero pricing. I think there is opportunities, in fact I know there as opportunities as the use case of that product exchanges either for larger dollar amounts or for P to small B and so on and so forth. So I do think there is revenue opportunities associated with the pure P2P, but I think a bigger implication is the strategic importance of creating what in effect is an entirely new payment rail.
Bill Demchak: I mean in effect, we make a decision that says, all right, we know we have to sell this thing, what's it worth it worth once you sell it versus holding it? You get a mark and you mark it and through time we will take a look at the related securities that are involved in that bucket and move them out before we get to the end of the Volcker window.
Bill Demchak: There are so many variables inside of that question. We model them all. You could have a scenario where the Fed actually raises the frontend and the backend rallies simply because of what is going on globally. But independent of all of that I think the simplest way to think about the direct impact of rates on our near-term income, all else equal, is a rolloff of our securities book which is at a 269 book yield plus or minus today and a replacement equal risk at about 169 over the course of a bunch of years that that would play out. Now if we really got into an environment where we believed that we were stuck here a la Japan, which I don't think is the case, we could put liquidity to work and raise our duration of equity if we got stuck into that. So there is offsets to it. That also obviously assumes that we don't grow loans or do many other things we do, grow fee and so on and so forth. Look, it is a simple statement to make that it is tougher to get to positive operating leverage without help or at least without pain from interest rates. But we are focused on being able to accomplish that.
Bill Demchak: Rob can chip in here, but just I will remind you that we don't set a top target number, we set a bottom target number which is a level by which we want to pass CCAR. And, of course, the unknown inside of that is the variance around our own modeling results and wherever the Fed would model and notwithstanding that we came quite close to there and number we got there, as did most of the industry by the way, with fairly different line items to solve to that number. And that gives me pause as it relates to our willingness to be aggressive in the sense that , I guess we could always take the mulligan, but in the sense that we think we know what the Fed is going to do and they don't I don't want to be caught in that position. Now this year, just as an aside, the test was a little bit tougher than last year, even our own run of our own numbers, the implementation and the add-on of operating risk into our results and then finally the fully phased-in aspects and some of the impacts we have that we didn't have last year impacted our ask this year.
Bill Demchak: The final little sound bite, just to concur with your observation, we are running higher than we need to be. And at some point in time we can deploy that capital and would look to do so. But I would tell you that if we wait until some of the rules are a little bit clearer and there is new rules still coming out that will impact us and others next year, the cost of carrying that little bit of extra capital isn't so much as long as -- again we don't do something silly with it, which we won't. 
Bill Demchak: No, look, we could grow NII. At issue is whether you think it is a good return to do it in the near term. So simple, look, go look at the growth in whole loan mortgages showing up on peers' balance sheets as they steer mortgage production out of their balance sheet versus putting it out into the market. We could do more of that, that would grow our NII. You are putting on an asset that has only 1.5 year average life at today's rates, it goes to 13 years and a 50 basis point move. So my choice is that that is a lousy risk.
Bill Demchak: Yes, so it is not -- we could do it, we could go out and participate in all of the loans that are getting done on the corporate side and simply book a 100% risk weight BBB rated corporate loan at LIBOR plus 150 with no cross-sell and take [Multiple Speakers]. That's a lousy way to go through life. It is not a good return on equity, not near-term and not long-term. 
Rob Reilly: Sure. Hi Betsy, it’s Rob. I think in the third quarter, particularly in where terms of where rates are just on the production and the origination side, we will see some modest increase and we are positioned for that. On the MSRs that is not something that we manage, that is an outcome. We did have a strong quarter in MSRs in the second quarter following losses in the first quarter. So that is really what I had to say about that for the third quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that is where I sort of get into our guidance for the third quarter where I call it stable. I do think by and large net-net the residential mortgage was elevated because of those MSRs.
Rob Reilly: Yes well I would add to that. I agree with that. The other distinction is in the Southeast as we get now four years into it we are seeing some growth in terms of the maturity of some of the relationships that take that long. So we are seeing a bit of a left there that is just a function of the time that we have been there.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I would just say -- to expand on where I left off with Betsy's question was I do think we will see an increase, modest increase in originations in the third quarter reflecting some seasonal but also the lower rates on the available through the anticipated increase in refis. Don't see a huge step change there because we are, as we have mentioned before, we are working through TRID implementations and some processing issues that we have around the origination. So I do see some pick up there but not necessarily dramatic.
Rob Reilly: Yes, so I would say in terms of [Multiple Speakers] the total fee guidance, in terms of the stables we would see a continuation in each of those categories on the run rates that we have been in offset by the elevated levels in residential mortgage and also corporate services in the second quarter.
Rob Reilly: Gerard, this is Rob. What I would add to that is, and then on the Asset Management side, we continue to grow clients and expand relationships.
Rob Reilly: Okay, yes, well it is a broad bucket, Gerard, as you know the Volcker Rules go into effect this time next year. So we have a number of investments, the largest component of which is our private equity portfolio. So we are just positioning to be in compliance by this time next year.
Rob Reilly: Yes and this is Rob, I just would chip in just to reiterate what Bill said that the binding constraint is our post-stress ratio, not the preprint.
