Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. This morning, you would have seen PNC reported third quarter net income of $1.4 billion, or $2.82 per diluted common share. Overall, I thought we delivered another really solid quarter, highlighted by continued progress on our strategic priorities and our key financial metrics, all moving in the right direction. We grew average loans and deposits and we continue to add new clients. Net interest income increased, NIM expanded and fee income grew. In fact, we hit a record high for fee income through nine months, with increases in basically every category other than residential mortgage. We continue to manage expenses well with the small increase this quarter reflecting higher business activity. Credit quality also remained strong with nonperformers of net charge-offs down and our tangible book value per share grew again, and we’ve raised the quarterly dividend to $0.95 in August. And I do want to touch on loan growth for a second, because I know it’s something you were all watching closely. While we did see modest growth in the quarter consistent with industry data, our corporate loan growth came in below our own expectations. We attribute the shortfall to a combination of several factors, including elevated competition, meaningfully higher payoffs this quarter and paydowns and overall lower line utilization. The higher payoffs and paydowns appear to be driven by competition from non-bank lenders, excess corporate cash and attractive opportunities for our clients in the bond markets. Interestingly, our secured lending businesses, excluding real estate, which collectively comprised roughly a third of our book and faced less competition, they grew at almost 3% this quarter. Now, while we recognize these challenges, we can impact all of them directly, what we can and are doing is executing upon our Main Street model providing value-added solutions in a world-class service. We continue to add new customers and deepen relationships that meet our risk-adjusted returns. On the consumer side, I was pleased to see loan growth again this quarter. And while our outlook for fourth quarter loan quarter is up modestly as Rob is going to you review with you a bit later. The economy is really strong, consumers are in great financial shape and companies are optimistic and growing. In addition, recent market disruption may help to alleviate some of the challenges that I outlined a moment ago. So, we expect to see continued opportunities for loan growth moving forward. To that end, we are experiencing success in our national initiative to expand our middle market corporate banking franchise and faster growing markets. And we also recently launched our national retail digital strategy, leading with a high-yield savings account and offering our virtual wallet checking accounts, which will be supported by an ultra-thin retail network. In fact, we just opened our first out-of-footprint retail location in Kansas City earlier this week. As we work to expand the reach of our brand, we are excited about how we are positioned to drive growth and efficiency through time. And before I hand it over to Rob, I just want to thank our employees for their continued hard work, as well as our clients for their trust in us. With that, over to you, Rob.
Bill Demchak: All good questions. So our guidance for the fourth quarter we are seeing up modestly. I would tell you that our forecast as it sits today is up a little bit over the growth rate that we had in the third quarter, so a little bit better. But I would also say that we were surprised by the third quarter. Our actual production and new clients were pretty good. We saw - against that though, we saw this broad-based utilization drop and we saw lot of paydowns that we hadn’t expected. So I don’t know how to forecast for that. I look at some of this disruption and some of the value lost in corporate bond funds, and I think will - maybe that will slow some of that down, but I don’t know, which is why we put the forecast out that we did. As I think forward and you say, what should trigger growth here? As we talk to companies, they are really bullish and they are investing, and we see CapEx expenditures going up. And so you would think, it would follow through in loan growth. Against that, we’ve seen preponderance, I’ve seen all these charts of just the volume of non-investment grade borrowing and even the volume of BBB inside of investment-grade and then the size of the corporate bond markets, all of which are playing against banks as sort of the shadow banking system has taken a lot of volumes. So, I would like to think that it would change for the better, but we have some structural changes in the market, I think, that we saw play out in the third quarter that, at least, in the near-term are impacting us.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the quick answer, John, we focus on expenses everyday and try to find ways to knock them down. At the same time, as you look at the changes that are happening in the banking industry is kind of digital takes over and the need to produce product and serve clients in that space would be a real mistake in my view to slowdown and stop our investments. I like the idea of self-funding in which we’ve largely been able to do. But I don’t want to cap off our growth rate, because we see one quarter of slower loan growth. That’s not the right answer.
Bill Demchak: Well, without getting specifically into payoff, as I said at a recent conference, we did realize we went in a little bit light. There are a couple of reasons why it made sense for us to go back to the Fed and resubmit. We are in conversations with the Fed at this point. Beyond that I don’t have any more detail to give. On a longer-term, I like the idea of 100% payout. We, on our base case, CCAR always tend to kind of get there. And then, we tend to out-earn our CCAR case, largely because of some of the assumptions you have to put in on loan loss provision and some other things. So we always struggle with this notion that we try to get to 100%, maybe we have to budget for over 100% to solve back to 100%. But we’re not holding back from capital return at this point and our goal wouldn’t be, too.
Bill Demchak: We compete with them everywhere already other than maybe Pittsburgh. And I would tell you in our own experience, where we go into a market dominated by somebody else and we are the underdog. The growth rate always tends to surprise me largely, I think, because there’s some percentage of the population for whatever reason that wants to try a different bank. And I suspect if somebody comes into Pittsburgh, they’ll pick up some amount of that. We have 60% market share or something in Pittsburgh, and there’s 40% left to go around without really major bank presence sitting here. So I suspect, they’ll do fine.
Bill Demchak: You’re going to have some offsetting things. We didn’t kick off the digital program until late in the third quarter. Having said that, the third quarter, I think, was probably the first full quarter we had the total impact of the $15 raise increase. So there’s a whole bunch of moving pieces in there between personnel and what we’ll do in marketing. And all of that’s embedded in Rob’s script.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Part of the issue with accelerating that is the amount of time and effort we put into preparing customers for a branch to close. So, what’s very important is that we retain the balances and the customers as we consolidate a branch. We spend a lot of time on that. And I’m not sure as a practical matter that we could actually do more or substantially more than that - than the 100 a year we’re currently doing. And we’ll continue to go kind of at that run rate until and if the market tells us based on client attrition that we need to slowdown.
Bill Demchak: Well, we’re finally seeing the costs come down in terms of sort of duplicative personnel as we are running two systems. We still at the last leg of bringing home equity origination on to that platform. With that, we will have an effect digital origination capability and closing capability with home equity in our out-of-footprint market should we choose to offer that, I’m not exactly sure where we are on that yet. But that’s a dramatic improvement from where we are today, where believe it or not, to close home equity loan at PNC. Today, you’ve got to go into a branch. So all of this system change sort of puts home equity mortgage on the same front and same servicing platform and independent of volumes, which we hope would increase. You’ll see costs continue to bleed out of that system.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Again, all good questions. And I guess, what I would say is, we continue to think that the leverage loan market is overheated. I continue to think that as rates rise, it’s going to put real pressure on those credits that are originating lower rate environment and not necessarily hedged against LIBOR going up as much as it does. Eventually, that turns. Now as it relates to kind of our near-term flow, we don’t really play in the leverage loan market. But that market being as open it is - as it is has caused a number of our private middle market companies that we historically have banked to go to private equity. And while we might keep them as a transaction client TM and so forth, we don’t participate in the financing of that. So that M&A wave is kind of pulling loam demand often out of the banking system by levering it and putting it into CLOs and so forth. And I do think there’ll be a crack in that at some point as rates continue to rise. And I think, when that happens, you’ll see probably more traditional flows back into the banks. But I just don’t know the timeline in that.
Bill Demchak: I don’t - Mike, I don’t really have to do any of the above in the following sense. We have - since I’ve been at PNC, followed the same model, the same credit box, the same clients we want to bank are the ones that we bank. And for risk is outside of our box, we just don’t do it, and we can’t control the market. Now what was weird about the third quarter was, we actually originated a lot of business. So, I’m actually pleased with the activity of our bankers and the number of new clients that we’ve brought on Board. I’m disappointed by the environment in the sense that utilization went down and we had paydowns, but there’s nothing I can do about that. And as a practical matter, we will never be the bank. And by the way, we could be very easily. It simply says, go get loan growth. I can make loan growth whatever you want…
Bill Demchak: …for the next six months or a year or till the cycle cracks and we just don’t do that. We don’t need to do it, given the - our ability to grow fee income in our - on our plan to just - bank use three hours in a cloud of dust and you do it consistently forever and you produce a good franchise, and that’s what we’re after.
Bill Demchak: Your question on expenses. I get back to this now. So we’re fighting everyday to drop expenses. But having said that, again, we could choose to simply curtail investment in digital. We could choose to curtail investment in cyber. We could choose to not have active data centers in terms of resiliency of our client-facing applications. And in the near-term, that would make our expenses look great, and in the long-term, it would kill us. And I think a lot of our competitors are choosing to do that on expenses and choosing to do that on loans. And that’s just - that’s not who we are.
Bill Demchak: Well, on credit, yes, right? So you can figure out who is lying or not with respect to loan growth until you have a credit crunch. And you’ve heard me say forever that banks are the only industry in the world where you can live by your cost of goods sold until their downturn. And I always want to be the bank that outperforms in that environment. And that means that we have to, at the margin, slow top line growth by not chasing deals or just don’t hit our return metrics then so be it.
Bill Demchak: That one - what I think that is simply corporates are flush. The lower tax rate has basically increased cash flow in companies. And all else equal, they’re not spending the incremental difference in totality on CapEx. And so they’re dropping their line utilization. I think that…
Bill Demchak: Yes. And by the way, Mike, our pipeline as it sits today in the forward months, looks great. It looks stronger than it’s looked in the last six months, I think, we’re going to rob the knob. But yes, it does. And - so our only hesitation on this stuff is these…
Bill Demchak: …out of our - we can get lots of deals that meet our risk criteria in this environment and we’re winning them. What ends up happening is, our existing book of business is borrowing less and/or disappearing through paydowns either public market or paydowns, because they were taken private. That’s…
Bill Demchak: For all the talk around that, we actually haven’t seen it. There was some talk early on that we heard from some clients that competitors were maybe doing that at the margin. But practically, that isn’t really what we’re seeing. We’re seeing competition on structure, or seeing deals that should be ABL going cash flow and those kinds of things. But I don’t see people outright sort of rebating tax reform.
Bill Demchak: It’s everywhere. And by the way, that - it’s intuitive, right? If what you’re offering is a commodity, which is money, there’s no special skill involved. There’s no special secured financing or technology, then you’re offering a commodity. And in this market, there’s a lot of competition for that commodity.
Bill Demchak: We have the large 90 since - having something out in the market before the end of the year, and that’s consistent with my own dialogue with the Fed. I’m not exactly sure what they’re going to do. I think, they’re thinking about the notion and we would like to see the notion that you get rid of the step function of 250. Not only as it relates to LCR, but frankly, as it relates to some of the relief you see on the capital to the group’s below 250. The change in the sin bucket items…
Bill Demchak: …yes, AOCI and some other things, so we’ll have to see. But I think, there is an inclination amongst the regulators to put more finesse on allowing regulation to fit the size and risk of the firm as opposed to doing a step function off of asset value that they came up with fifteen years ago.
Bill Demchak: Yes. So just a couple of things. The securities balances were up quarter-to-quarter, but our actual duration dollars were flat, because we unwound or reduced received fixed swap position. So, it looks like we put a lot on the money to work in the third quarter and we didn’t really. We just moved from synthetic to cash. That said, particularly with the rate environment, where it’s been for the last couple of weeks, the yield that we’re seeing on income and securities, at this point are largely mortgage-backs and treasuries, are in excess of the portfolio that’s running off. So, there is clear benefit from this going forward.
Bill Demchak: We’re nowhere near done here. The move from synthetic to cash is simply a value trade. Swaps and we put them on, offered a lot more value than they did, so we unwound those and went into securities. We will do that opportunistically. We go back the other way if things change. So I - that was just a value trade. I think going forward, we will be investing into this market. You’ve heard us say forever, we’re not going to bet on red in one big swoop, but we’ll incrementally and do it in our patience thus far looks like it’s going to pay dividends.
Bill Demchak: One thing that will happen over time is we do accelerate our digital expansion is - the bulk of those new monies will come in the form of interest-bearing.
Bill Demchak: Yes, but it’s growth and interest-bearing that would largely outpace, because we’re not bringing into proportional amount of noninterest-bearing at the same time. So it could cause our mix to shift over time.
Bill Demchak: You have to compare it to the alternative and the alternative today is wholesale funding. So it’s a lot cheaper than what we pay in wholesale funding. Even with LCR, if they make LCR changes, our ability to mix shift some of our more expensive wholesale funding into retail, which is beneficial to us. So we’ll continue to be competitive on our digital offering. We have no real cost structure other than advertising behind it. So the margin to it is actually pretty good.
Bill Demchak: Yes. The one thing I would say and it’s really early days in what we’re doing in digital is, we have been pleasantly surprised by the number of clients who choose to open the virtual wallet account, which is a full-service account versus just open the high-yield savings account, which is obviously our dream scenario. We want full-service clients and we have a large percentage of the people out of the gate choosing to be that. My own assumption going in was that, that would take longer frankly to convert these clients, and so that is a good thing.
Bill Demchak: It’s too early. It’s too early, but anomalous It’s something we are going to track and we are going to have to figure out the right metrics to show you guys, which we will.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I just - just the way I do and then you tell me if this answers your question in terms of the consumer and the commercial side. On the consumer side, we are seeing a shift in savings, which we’ve seen for sometime, and now the beginnings of time deposits, which is natural in what you would expect. And then on the commercial side, we are seeing somewhat of a shift from noninterest-bearing to interest bearing. Again, all reflective of a higher rate environment.
Rob Reilly: So - hey, John, this is Rob. So, on expenses in the quarter - in the linked-quarter, we did well. Virtually all of the increase in the linked-quarter was in personnel and all of that was essentially incentive compensation related to the higher business activity level. Every other category went down linked-quarter and part of that reflects our CIP effort. When you drop back and take a look at our expenses year-to-date, that tells sort of the broader story. And if you look at our expenses year-to-date, we’re up $382 million so far this year over 2017. And of that 382 million, 80% of that or 300 million of that is in personnel. So the other categories are good. Occupancy is down, equipment expense, all other are in line and marketing expense is part of our investment, but that’s a smaller number. But back to that personnel number, that $300 million, about half of that in a typical year is what you would expect to see, half of that is merit and promotion, as well as incentive compensation, which as I pointed out earlier, is a little higher this year, which is a good thing. The other half of that, the other $150 million really reflects investments that we’ve made that - we make investments every year. But in 2018, they are particularly strong, and they represent higher headcount to support our technology, build out our physical geographic expansion in corporate banking and our digital expansion in consumer banking, as well as the commitment we made to raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour, minimum pay to $15 an hour. So that part, that $150 million of the $300 million reflects investments and like all investments, where we fund in that and we expect to see return on that through time. Obviously, the technology investments, we’ll talk about a little bit more. On the raise to the $15 an hour, we’re already seeing lower attrition rates that we would expect will continue. So that - that’s all deliberate and all factored in, and our expense discipline and our program is on track.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, good morning, John. We’ve spoken about this all year, and we are optimistic that something favorable will occur. The - I think, the easiest way, there’s a lot of options, the easiest way, obviously, would to be take a look at the $19 billion that we have on deposit at the Fed. We would, in simple terms, be able to pay down debt or liabilities. In other instances, we’d be able to redeploy in the higher-yield securities. I think that the conservative rule would be to establish what level of liquidity you need and then just reduce the debt - short-term debt accordingly.
Rob Reilly: Well, that’s - so that’s the dynamic that’s playing out. This is Rob. Bill may want to add some color. This - that’s the dynamic that’s playing out. We’re excited about the initiatives that we are going out-of-footprint on the digitally-led offering, which we can talk a little bit more about. In regard to other providers coming into our sort of legacy markets, we fully expect that, that will occur. We can’t control that.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think, and for the fourth quarter guidance actually, the most notable item is that our marketing expense will increase in the fourth quarter. Typically, that hasn’t happened, and that marketing is largely directed towards the digital initiatives.
Rob Reilly: Yes. We’re pretty steady there, Betsy. And on our plan for the year, we’ve been averaging about 100 consolidations a year and this year, we’re on track to do a comparable number. So that’s the current path, and I’d expect that to continue.
Rob Reilly: Hey, Mike, this is Rob. I can jump in on that. That’s exactly right, and Bill referenced this in his opening comments. If you take a look at our commercial loans, where the pressure that we’re talking about is most pressing is in that general corporate book. And the two headwinds are cash plus borrowers, which is dropping utilization and that’s a function of lower tax rates, repatriation, all the things you’ve read about and these paydowns and payoffs. Those two items are the headwinds. To the extent, that they abate, which we expect that they might at some point, that - that’s the issue.
Rob Reilly: Yes, Gerard, I can say that. I mean, obviously, that’s theoretically, we watch it all the time. I would expect the continued shift that’s occurring, that will occur. I don’t - we haven’t really handicapped where it’s going to stop or where it’s going to be, because there’s obviously a lot of variables involved there. But we manage this way before, it’ll be fine either way.
Rob Reilly: As a part of your question though is, in our expansion and growth markets, we do see better growth dynamics just because it’s of a smaller base even though those factors are in place there.
Rob Reilly: Hey, Kevin, it’s Rob. To answer your first part of your question. Firstly, all the movement we saw was on the commercial side, so not much in terms of the consumer side. If anything on the consumer side, as I said earlier, it’s more a migration to savings and time deposits, but from already interest-bearing accounts. Going forward, we’ll just have to monitor it. I don’t see anything in terms of a radical step change.
Rob Reilly: And as you know, there is a big qualitative element to it. This is an experiment in terms of the future of banking. So, largely that versus a need for the deposit.
Rob Reilly: Yes. So in our guidance, we assume not change in the surcharge amount. So there is the potential that we don’t have that expense. And if that’s the case, that would be a good thing, but it’s not part of our guidance.
Rob Reilly: The other thing I would say Brian is, the seasonal aspect of marketing, it’s not that. Typically, in years past, our marketing expense actually declined in the fourth quarter. This quarter it’s going up because of the digital investments that we’re making. So the investment component of that is not seasonal, it’s deliberate.
