Rob Reilly: Yes. Hi John, good morning, it’s Rob. Well, we are pleased with our results obviously in the second quarter and we are well positioned for the balance of the year, but there is still a lot of the year to go. So we are still comfortable with that guidance in the upper end of the mid single-digit range that we talked about on the first quarter call and the second quarter results play into that.
Rob Reilly: Well we are sort of mid single-digits right now year-over-year. So that’s why we are still calling to stay in that range.
Rob Reilly: Yes, Betsy, this is Rob. I can add to that. As you know, the source of our optimism in terms of these markets comes from our success in the Southeast, where our commercial products and services have sold very well maybe in the – maybe to a certain extent more than we expected on relatively thin retail presence. So based on that success, we are taking it to these other markets where as Bill mentioned we have a presence and we think we will be able to continue to succeed on that basis.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think if you take a look at the mortgage – the mortgage fees, it’s clearly softer. As far as the margins go, they are down a bit from what we have had. As you know about us, our margins are typically higher because we don’t to the brokered mortgage products. So where we guide to $300 million, I think this quarter we came in at $274 million or something, which really reflects the make shifts, refis way down and purchases were actually up a bit. So going forward we sort of the guide towards stable, maybe we will see an increase in some of the refis here and again in Q3 which will help some of the margins, but we are still sticking to and managing to and expecting $300 million…
Rob Reilly: Yes. I – generally speaking Ken, for the full year the acquisition it is pretty de minimis. Where it showed up somewhat materially is this quarter and most of that was in the form of the credit provision which was the initial provision set up as part of the acquisition. So, it shows up a bit here in the second quarter, but the balance of the year it will fade.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So I am glad to clarify that our revenues was 6.5, the expense growth is 5%. I think when you take a look at the expenses and Bill mentioned in his comments, we remained very focused on it intensely and that’s part of our continuous improvement program which funds the investments that we are making. When you look at the quarter, the other expense of $666 million is higher than what it’s been. We guide to $625 million to $700 million, so it’s a little higher than the middle of that range and most of that is due to timing. So if you back off a little bit Ken just in the spirit of your question and look at other expenses as a component of expense year-to-date compared ‘17 – compared to ‘16 year-to-date it’s $1.291 billion compared to last year six months $1.245 billion. That difference of $46 million is almost entirely due to the FDIC surcharge. So everything else offsets itself except for the FDIC surcharge. Now as you know that was implemented in the third quarter of last year, so when we get into the back half of the year that comp becomes a little easier.
Rob Reilly: And similar to shat we said before it’s just a function of executing our strategies in those geographies and those product areas.
Rob Reilly: But we are – but by design diversified in terms of our loan portfolio in each of those buckets although we feel good about them are small percentages of the overall portfolio.
Rob Reilly: Yes. We are not playing in the space that you are obviously referencing. And just to add that even, our tenure – our average tenure is 71 months. So, it just gives you a sense of the quality of the book.
Rob Reilly: Well, yes, the Check Ready product is an important product that we have particularly on our direct auto portfolio, which is growing as well. So, it’s….
Rob Reilly: Yes, it’s a small book. So of our $12 billion in auto loans, $2 billions is direct, $10 billion is indirect.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think most of the decline that you are referring to is on an average basis and most of that seasonality, actually commercial deposits on a spot basis increased in the quarter. So, I talked most of that up to seasonality and then everything going forward relates really what Bill is talking about earlier on the beta question in terms of some of the movement there. So first and foremost, seasonality in the second quarter going forward is part of this beta discussion and sort of the hot money how that behaves versus the traditional relationship money.
Rob Reilly: Yes, most of that would be more in the Southeast as you know with these other markets were new. Legacy growth is there, but the Southeast markets are going at a faster rate.
Rob Reilly: So, those would be our two biggest and obviously they are related, regulation driven towards the complexity and the risk versus arbitrary size.
Rob Reilly: We haven’t disclosed that Brian, but what I can tell you is that’s unpredictable and lumpy. It happened to show up in the second quarter here, so I would expect equipment expense to decline quarter-over-quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yes. More in line with the first quarter level, a little above that because there is the ECN as I mentioned in my comments there is the ECN component, but with that below second quarter levels.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Actually of the $1.1 billion portfolio, the majority are loans that are pulled through in terms of the industry classification. The leases within that are about $100 million and most of those are the split. So the answer to your question is its more loans than leases.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Exactly on pace, $75 million decline, we are right on track which you would expect because as we get to these smaller levels the predictability is easier because the recoveries which always added volatility to that number are much smaller by definition because of where we are in the aging.
Rob Reilly: You got. It comes down – yes, it comes down over time, but 278 and down 75 for the year. We will hit that number.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think we talked about here on this call in terms of from the credit perspective we feel good about all our portfolios. The consumer is in very good shape as you know and on the corporate side everything even in the categories that are talked about and have scrutiny in the public arena we feel good about that’s the short-term. I will say though these are very low cost in terms of credit costs on a historical basis. So we will see some normalization, but…
Rob Reilly: And you can’t really just migrate to the average, you kind of even though we are kind of neutralizing that neutralization is probably 10 basis points to 15 basis points, there maybe even 20 basis points, but not a real shock step up in the sense of credit costs or provisioning given that I think there has been constraints in the industry that have caused folks to be a little bit stronger.
Bill Demchak: I don’t know that I have any updated thoughts beyond what we have discussed in the past. We will wait and see obviously if there was some form of tax reform at the margin that would help us should we be interested in moving the position. But we haven’t come to that conclusion. It’s been a good investment. We will get a return on capital and they are a great company. So as we have said before, we will be good stewards of capital or watch what happens as it relates to regulation, capital requirements and tax policy and make decisions, informed decisions when real things happen.
Bill Demchak: Well, the – we will just start back at the beginning. We chose a year and change ago to go national with our middle market franchise, independent of whether we had a retail presence there, because we were pretty confident about our ability to succeed given what we have seen in the Southeast. We then targeted markets and we have a fairly long list of them where we already have a national presence in some of our national businesses I think real estate, treasury management business credit and so forth. And then looked at just broad potential client opportunities inside of those markets that led us into Kansas City, Minneapolis and Dallas as a start and the same as we go, Nashville, Houston and Denver. Those markets, as an aside, in terms of potential targets of middle-market clients on average are better than the markets we are in, which is what’s driving us there. So, we think there is a big opportunity. Now, I would tell you we are just recently up and running in Dallas, Minneapolis and Houston, we have got a bit of business we have the teams in place, but its early days and the strategy through that will be as we did in the Southeast. We are going to be patient. We are going to get to know that communities become part of the communities, cover the right clients with the right products and the right people and through time we have kind of proven to ourselves again and again that we will win business, but it takes time.
Bill Demchak: Simple targets, how many companies are out there that need – middle-market companies think of them $500 million to $1 billion that need the products and services that we offer. When we go head-to-head with that type of client with any competitor in the market, we have a good chance of winning. And when we are in the market locally delivering products and services locally, it increases our odds.
Bill Demchak: It’s not a part of our current thinking. I would tell you that as our clients increasingly become digital, there is a storyline that suggest that on a digital basis, we are national today and those markets become relevant to us on a retail basis through digital, but not in the traditional retail sense.
Bill Demchak: I guess, we had a – let’s just talk about what’s going on with betas first and then we will talk about Fed balance sheet, which is a whole other question. On the beta side, we have been effectively at zero on the retail side. We have seen some mix shift as customers have come out of our promo money market into our sort of relationship base rate that we pay in our virtual wallet product, but net-net we have seen, what, Rob, a couple of basis points of increase since the start of the increase in higher rates. In C&IB, you have a mix, the basic, I’ll it hot money from corporates has a beta effectively of 90%. It kind of trades right on top of government money funds. And then there is another block of money that’s compensating balances for TM that has much lower beta and that probably continues. I think what happens through time. So, we will see when the Fed makes the decision to reduce its balance sheet and they have announced that they will do that somewhat gradually and through time that will drive liquidity out of the market. We will see the biggest impact of that in my view coming out of the corporate side first, which has the highest beta therefore it has the least impact on us. I think the consumer side is going to be driven frankly by continued increases in short-term rates by the Fed as opposed to the necessary shrinking of their balance sheet, which is going to occur over the course of years, the way they have scheduled it out.
Bill Demchak: Sure. It’s going back in history, our focus on retail was serving the client and primarily focused on getting the household DDA account as the primary product, right, as we made a lot of money on deposits and rates were higher. And lending was treated, frankly, as an ancillary business. It was not a focus. And through time, we just didn’t have the market share with our clients that we should in terms of penetration with consumer products. So, it’s not a lot more complicated than that. The result of that strategy led to underinvestment in technology we were slow in fulfillment. We were slow in creativity of the way we offered products through digital and e-signature and all the rest and that’s what we are working on. So, we are not jumping into – people asked the question why you are going to jump into consumer at a time when you necessarily see consumer delinquencies increasing. We are not really changing the credit that we are going to go after. We just need to go after the clients we already have with a competitive product and delivered in a way that is much simpler than we have done historically.
Bill Demchak: It remains competitive. Our loan growth basically comes from winning clients and a bit of a – there is a bit of a mix shift, we had, had some declines in asset-based lending I think as borrowers went to cash flow, that’s come back so we have seen growth in asset base where we have been kind of flat to down for a couple of quarters. In fact, we are seeing and this is a good sign, increase in utilization and asset-based on the manufacturing side would suggest maybe there is some strength behind, I guess we saw it in industrial production today behind the manufacturing economy.
Bill Demchak: It was up a bit middle-market as well. And as I said in my comments in commercial, which is the 10 to 50 think about a space, this is the second quarter in a row for us for growth, which we had been declining as first as we burn off balances from RBC and National City, but that’s really good news to me. And in the middle-market space, it’s as much just winning clients but we have had four or five quarters of growth and this is – middle-market itself was I think 4% quarter-on-quarter growth, additional non-specialty product basic loans.
Bill Demchak: It’s very early days. We have been up and running here on our virtual wallet app. We haven’t yet rolled it out. We are going to do so in a couple of weeks into our traditional online app. I think across the market awareness is up from zero to what is it 8% or something now. Much higher than that is more transactions go through. There has been a little bit of publicity about inconsistency in performance and some other things that frankly doesn’t surprise me given the rollout of the new product that has a number of products that are trying to do it all at the same time, but we remain really bullish and it’s kind of performing as expected at this point.
Bill Demchak: Sure. In terms of this particular quarter, capital markets, at least in the way that we define it, our loan syndications and loan underwriting had a particularly good quarter. And then as I mentioned in the opening comments, Harris Williams, our M&A advisory shop, had a very good quarter comparable to their very good quarter in the first quarter, so not up a lot linked quarter, but a lot up year-to-date. So, yes, we feel good about that. As far as the second half of the year, that’s all baked into our guidance. For the third quarter, we expect our corporate services, of which capital markets is part of to be down a bit, but for the balance of the year consistent with our guidance.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think so, I mean in terms of our treasury management we have been talking about it, highlighting it as it’s our largest business inside corporate service, fits very well with our lending product and part of the success that we are having there is part of the increased activity, but also the investments that we are making in those products and services, so yes I think the run rate is good.
Bill Demchak: I would tell you though. There is an internal debate volume versus margin here within our own teams, so we are kind of saying stable, but I think it is one of the things that we got to watch, because it clearly has become more competitive inside a market that’s shrinking.
Bill Demchak: Look, deployment this quarter was basically through quality loan growth, so to the extent we continue to see that we are happy to draw down on the balances with the Fed and we have a lot of room to be able to do that. Security balances you saw were basically flat and yields on security balances were basically flat. So I don’t know that you will see us in a race to move money into term rate markets at this point, but to extent we get healthy loan growth we will draw down on those balances.
Bill Demchak: I think it’s all I mean beyond the increase in some utilization and the equipment finance acquisition, it’s all market share. Some of that’s in ABL, but frankly the middle market commercial wins are basically on-boarding new clients and the balances that come with them.
Bill Demchak: We focus on all the headline items that you read about whether its oil and gas or retail exposure or auto ticking up or card, but none of that is kind of showing up inside of our numbers. Because we really never changed our credit box and have it on the consumer side and all else equal to consumer remains healthy notwithstanding certain consumer products in the sub-prime space struggling. We have oil and gas issues appear at this point to be less than they have once were and retail is going to play out through a lot of – long period of time. We are going to have to see how that plays out given the strength of online.
Bill Demchak: I will just speak through own situation and we have been pretty consistent on this. It’s really difficult to come up with a case current valuations where we would be interested in buying a traditional bank franchise that the business itself has changed in terms of the percentage is going digital but the need for branches has lessen. We don’t like the balance sheets, I mean all the issues I have gone though before. Having said that, across the industry I would expect that people are subscale, that are subscale and you can define that however you want are going to feel the need to merge to be able to compete with that increasing investments necessary to serve consumers. What’s going to be allowed by the regulatory regime I don’t know, but I don’t think you are going to see us be a player inside of that consolidation other than just buying growing – sorry just growing share organically which we have been successful at doing.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think without question the base cost of getting the right infrastructure and then being able to integrate that in terms of your offerings to clients. There is a lot of money. You have seen us spend it out and we continue to spend. And it doesn’t shrink dramatically as you reduced the size of the institution in terms of the total dollars you are spending.
Bill Demchak: Yes. We have – just to remind you, we are not in the lease business, we are not in the sub-prime business. I think our average FICO on that is at 740. So, our credit life hasn’t changed, so we continue to see growth. So, we haven’t pulled back. We just have never – we never stuck our toes over the edge of the cliff.
Bill Demchak: But mobile Check Ready comes out, I mean, kind of now third quarter, which gets launched basically and you can effectively apply and accept on your mobile app as opposed to doing it through branch or online.
Bill Demchak: On the consumer side. There is obviously a small, but growing online presence of deposit gatherers who are paying well above what traditional bank pays, but it’s a tiny percentage of total consumer deposits. I think we are a couple of moves away from the Fed before you start really seeing the positive beta shift on the consumer side.
Bill Demchak: That’s an involved question. Yes, I guess in its simplest form and the industry has proposed this that CCAR got to a place where we could rely on our own models as opposed to necessarily Fed output. So we had more certainty on outcomes and what we actually believed was risk. We would be more aggressive in returning capital than we are today maybe that’s a simplest answer. Now, all of that is hypothetical, because as you said while there is comments on that inside the treasury paper, they are just comments at this point and we will see what in fact happens with the CCAR process as we go forward.
Bill Demchak: I mean two in particular. I like the fact that they reference you should look at what a company actually does is to use arbitrary size thresholds in the way you set regulations. So we have the $50 billion and the $250 billion and wherever the G-SIFIs come in. We actually like the systemic risk indicated that they used to identify G-SIFIs as a measure to look at the riskiness of a firm. And were they to do that, we would fall well down from some of the people we are bucketed with today on LCR. And on LCR itself inside of treasury paper, they also talk about the fact that they should re-look at some of the assumptions broadly for the whole market as it relates to liquidity requirements and the impact that, that’s having on loan growth.
Bill Demchak: Well, a couple of things. First is the markets we are going into we have had presence just not on the retail side. So we have had corporate clients there from our national businesses for years and we have had people in the markets there. What gives us confidence is over time simply as we become a larger company and a better known company and bluntly a company that is known to execute well on the C&IB space, we have been able to attract outstanding employees from some of our competitors. And as we open a market, we basically posted and we have been able to find lots of our internal up and comers who want to move and grow their careers in the new market. So we go there with great people, with great products and services. We put product, people and credit people in the market so we are local. We go in with the regional presidents model so that we could get involved with the local community. We introduced Grow Up Great, our philanthropic effort for early childhood education. And then we are patient, the better clients that you want to target are already well banked, we understand that. You call on them for a couple of years with good ideas and you are patient about it, they will come to recognize that and you get business and we have just proven that over and over again, in particular in the markets that we entered in the Southeast and we think it’s going to work in these other new markets.
Bill Demchak: We said – we would have told you this time last year that a year from now we ought to be from what we were 20 basis points this quarter. We are going to get to 40 basis points and 50 basis points through time. You would think just go and put a timeline on that because it’s not showing up as you said in any of the day-to-day on the models we run today.
Bill Demchak: I mean, look it will be a migration. I can’t I mean I don’t know what it is that would cause a shock, but credit costs for our provision or our model based on an improvement or deterioration of the overall portfolio through a period of time. And what we have seen while you would – we would expect that as we got longer in this cycle you would see some deterioration or at least less recovery and less strength, yes. It just hasn’t shown up. And what it does, it will probably be at the margin and creep up and not jump to a much higher level.
