William S. Demchak: Well, on a percentage off a base, the Southeast is higher than the remainder of the footprint, but again, it's coming off of a small number. Geographically, it's dispersed. And as we've said several times, we're kind of getting growth and certainly growth versus our peers on the back of our specialty lending businesses. The commercial mortgage side of it goes all the way back a couple of years to our desire to sort of track what was maturing under the CMBS market and where appropriate, balance sheet that product more of a life insurance competitor than a CMBS competitor, and that's worked for us, although probably slowing recently because of the take-up in CMBS.
William S. Demchak: Yes, and Rob may have better detail. It bounced -- it bumped up a little bit quarter-to-quarter, nothing dramatic and kind of consistent with -- we've kind of seen that, I guess, over the last year.
William S. Demchak: I think that's probably right. The other thing though, Gerard, you're going to see through time and you've already seen it that the increase in our equipment expense line as we start depreciating some of these investments, offset by, particularly in Retail, just lower personnel costs and lower personnel costs where we're automating a lot of the manual processes that we put in place as a result of new regulation. We're well underway. We have our new data center strategy kind of up and running, with the second one coming online soon, big investments into cyber, and we feel pretty good about where we are there, modernization of applications. So it's a big project that we're -- we feel good about where we are. We're hitting our internal targets in terms of what we spend and getting it done on time, but it will take a while.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Quarter-to-quarter -- this quarter, it was, I'd want to say 2% or 3% higher than what we saw in the legacy markets, but quarter-to-quarter, it's been running materially higher. In some quarters, it's been double just on a percentage basis. And it's not -- and importantly, we're not out booking loans. We're trying to get lead relationships and establish relationships across all of our core products beyond lending, and we're doing pretty well with that. But the growth down there on the back of having really good teams of people in the markets has frankly surprised us to the upside.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, short rates jumping up immediately help NII on a -- not to get into the weeds, but on a value basis just in terms of the present value of future NII, long rates going up is better. But short rates up, we're going to see that impact the yield that we get on our loans, and the follow-through on our deposits, well, as you've heard me say, I think it will be higher than past periods. We'll still lag what we're able to do on loans, and it will be beneficial.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, you heard my comments that we're quite sensitive to revenue expense relationships and where our efficiency ratio resides today. And all I will tell you is that we're going to turn up the heat on expenses starting last week, and we'll see where we get to. At this point, we're not changing guidance or throwing numbers out there. I just want to put out the point that we're not blind to it and we're going to focus on it.
William S. Demchak: I just -- I think it's a continuation of the same as people work to comply with new regulations. I think there's opportunity through time, as I've talked about, to automate some of that work set. But what we are seeing generally, while we're seeing kind of decreased headcount or change in headcount in our retail-facing businesses, we're seeing more headcount in our staff services area and importantly, more expensive headcount. The average cost of some of the people that are coming in is higher than where we're reducing people.
William S. Demchak: Yes, I don't have an answer for that because it's too early into the process. Simply go with the stable forecast for now. We're simply playing out that we're going to turn up the heat on where we're spending money and how we're spending money given the revenue environment. And if and when we have an update, we'll give it to you.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, that's the right worry to have. I've been talking about that worry for 1.5 years. Credit continues to be phenomenally good. We're at 20 basis point charge-offs. We talk about a 40, 50 basis point number kind of through the cycle. So at some point, unless we're just in a golden period of great credit forever which I never believe, it's going to go up. We're seeing no evidence of that today. Our credit quality, you heard us say, actually modestly improved in terms of some of the statistics of upgrades, downgrades, charge-offs, net delinquencies and other things quarter-to-quarter. But that is a concern. If credit turns for the banking industry before we have rate normalization, you're going to obviously -- you're going to see depressed earnings, yes.
William S. Demchak: Yes, I think that's probably right. And by the way, I think in some ways, they will be linked simply because certain parts of the credit book will be impacted by higher rates directly. So there's probably some correlation of those things moving at the same time.
William S. Demchak: They are related but somewhat independent questions. So we could add duration and irrespective of -- and just through swaps. It doesn't impact what we do on LCR. LCR compliance at 100% was, as with all the new regulations, even though there is phase-ins, everybody wants it today. So we pushed ahead and got there. At the margin, you saw our securities book go up quarter-to-quarter. A lot of that was simply reinvesting deposit growth that we had. But even inside of that securities growth, we were probably into longer-duration securities than we historically had been. So look, at the margin, we'll do some of that, but I think our core asset sensitivity position will remain. We think it's the right position. If rates are delayed a quarter or 6 months, you don't take a massive shift in the way we position the balance sheet for a 6-month delay.
William S. Demchak: No, a big chunk of that growth was actually just TPAs coming on to the balance sheet that we're on in the fourth quarter in terms of notional you see. So it hasn't necessarily been a direct shift there. We did some balanced repositioning of the securities from low-coupon mortgages into some higher-coupon stuff after the rally because they got very cheap. But there's no big change in what we're doing inside of the securities book, and I recognize the confusion that changing on-balance-sheet balances cause because sometimes we'll use interest rate swap, sometimes we'll use TPAs and sometimes we'll use securities. So I guess my simple message is that we remain with our core short position in asset sensitivity, and at the margin, we take advantage of opportunities in the market by yield curve, by asset type and by, as you've seen, pretty volatile interest rates intra-quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes, the struggle we have with that is buying loans is the same as buying a security. I'm not investing in a relationship. I'm not getting cross-sell. So it's sort of a positioning trade. And I guess at the margin, to the extent we got a better return on an individual asset that was a loan versus a security, we would do it. With that particular seller, what we have found in the businesses where we overlap with them is they are further out on the risk curve than we typically operate. Having said that, at the margin, if we saw assets and relationships out of those businesses, it made sense for us we'd look at them. And we are looking through all the materials that are showing up from the different dealers on portfolios that are for sale. But it's a tough putt [ph] for us. There's not an entire business that we're not in that we want to be in. And as I said, most of those assets, particularly on the commercial side, will struggle inside of a regulated bank space at least in my view, and I think you're going to see a lot of that go into private equity and ultimately into CLOs.
William S. Demchak: Again, I think they're kind of independent of each other, right? If we see -- let me answer in a different way. If there's an asset for sale that we can get a good economic return on, either directly because it's very cheap or because it comes with a relationship that we can cross-sell, then we will do that independent of where interest rates are. But they're not substitutes. And to simply pile down on credit where I'm not getting a return to cover a hole made by something I can't control, which is interest rates, it's just -- it's a lousy long-term strategy. It putties over near-term problems but creates longer-term problems.
William S. Demchak: We're probably tapped out. Interestingly, you see it will have jumped over the last couple of quarters on rate pay for deposits. One of the things that we have been focused on is testing, in effect, the elasticity of deposit pricing and our ability to gather deposits by having kind of leading rates. And frankly, it surprised us a little bit to the upside. Part of it was we executed well, but our deposit growth on the consumer side, in fact almost all of it, was on the consumer side that was...
William S. Demchak: Well, it was quite phenomenal and it was in part due to, in some places, paying up for deposits, which we -- when they finally raise rates and when QE slows in the mix shift and deposit flows in the sector, we want to be ready for it. And we're playing around with that at the margin right now.
William S. Demchak: In terms of long-term upside, it's the how much, right? The when they move helps income immediately, but I think there is substantial, real substantial upside in our [indiscernible] line, if and when rates would actually normalize, whatever that means. We'll still benefit even if they don't go nearly as much. We'll benefit a lot. But I worry, as it drags out, I worry about the strength of the dollar, the impact we're seeing on manufacturing, the impact that that's going to flow through on to jobs, the fact that cheaper imports will keep inflation down further. So I think all of this has given the Fed the ability to drag this out and go slower, and that's all my comments are meant to reflect. We just don't see -- by the way, I don't know that I ever saw a very quick 6 months from now, everything going back to a normalized rate environment. That would be great, but we had never planned for that.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I won't speak to the industry flows. I guess there's been some confusion on trying to figure out where, in fact, that deposit growth from the Fed data is coming from or where it's going to. But as it relates to PNC, we were never massive beneficiaries of the flows from corporates, which I think was a lot of what you saw into the large banks. Our recent growth has been on the consumer side, and we're focused on the consumer side because those are the LCR-friendly deposits. We paid for them. So the good news is that in fact there is price elasticity and being able to drive volume. The bad news is they cost more. I don't know that quarter-to-quarter I would try to read into we have bigger flows 1 quarter than the next. We see that at times with operational deposits on the corporate side coming in heavier than we otherwise expected. None of those help us with LCR. We have plenty of balance sheet room for them. At the margin, we make money on them.
William S. Demchak: Yes. BlackRock, obviously, has been a great addition to the PNC family going back many years, and it's an important part of our earnings stream today. They continue to do very well. Having said that, we're cognizant that at this point in our relationship with them, they are a strategic investment but not a core part of our company. Look, we strip them out as well and look at some of our metrics x BlackRock. Some of them are not flattering and we're focused on that. But in terms of the way we think of their earnings, they're a diversified fee-generating, cash-flow-generating entity to our holding company that's a great part of our franchise.
William S. Demchak: Yes, well, probably 3 different things that I'll highlight, and Rob can jump in here. At the margin, we're starting to make choices on LCR. So there are certain places, municipal finance, financing insurance companies, so it's your financial sector, and get hit by LCR. At the margin, we are lowering balances there. We don't have an ability to reprice. In fact, we haven't seen much repricing occur in the market at all as it relates to LCR and/or higher capital standards, which is an interesting comment. So at the margin, that has impacted it. We've seen inside of the retail space, particularly in auto, decline year-on-year as we have kind of held to our standards, and we have seen others extend maturities and drop FICO. I saw a stat somewhere on the percentage of new car lending that is now subprime, which was a very high percentage -- yes 40%, and we are not -- we do not play in that space. So we're losing share in auto purposely. And then at the margin again, in C&IB, competition is tougher, particularly for the plain vanilla product. We're still winning clients and growing volumes but not at the pace we did when, frankly, many of our competitors were struggling.
William S. Demchak: So that's the whole -- I mean, that's a mathematical truism, but that's the whole reason we've got to refocus on expenses and turn up the heat a little bit on that because I think, look, we hope we're wrong on rates and they move middle of the year, but we don't expect it given that. Definitionally, it hurts us. And we're going to try to react at the margin on the expense line, and we'll continue to focus on fee income and cross-sell and controlling the things we can control. But -- by the way, we're not -- this is an industry issue. We kind of highlight it and lay it out for you guys because everybody is facing the same issue. Your reaction to this can take one of 2 directions. Our choice is to not change our core balance sheet position and ride this out. That's a PNC choice. Another choice could be to invest into it through portfolio purchases, through levering the balance sheet and securities, and you'd putty over it for a period of time. We're just not doing that. So everybody's facing this and has the same decision to make, and people will choose differently.
William S. Demchak: No. The comment is entirely related to our previous guidance on NII where we had referenced our economist forecast that the Fed would start moving towards the middle of the year. Since we backed off of that forecast and are now saying 3 months later, right, there's a mathematical impact on what our NII might do, assuming we hold everything else constant. And that's what we were talking about, Mike.
William S. Demchak: Yes. We -- just back on your comment on fees. We have seen nothing but good news in terms of continued progress on what we're doing on the fee side across retail, wealth and C&IB cross-sell. So that continues and it has a lot of our attention, and we can control that. We can't control the rates.
William S. Demchak: I'm trying to do the numbers in my head, but I mean, basically, what we're saying is if you took out accretion accounting and it's entirely, we had previously talked about hopefully having positive growth in core. We'd fight for it. Now we're saying that's tough. We're going to have expenses flat. We're going to grow fees. Provision will be what it will be. I don't know.
William S. Demchak: Well, I think we mean a lot of things when we talk about ourselves as a Main Street bank, and it's -- I'm glad you bring the question up. To us, a Main Street bank is it means going to market locally, living and working in the communities with the customers we serve, having extensive relationships with customers as opposed to having transactions with customers. So it's not only the businesses we choose to be in but how we choose to execute those businesses that I think differentiates who we are from any number of our competitors, particularly the large competitors in New York and elsewhere where they are more transaction-focused. At the end of the day, I think a Main Street traditional bank model offers good return opportunities independent of where rates are. I think it's a healthy part of our economy. I think it is a needed product and service for consumers and small business and middle market alike, and I think we do it well.
William S. Demchak: The -- our mortgage strategy, so if you go back through time and looked at our balances and our servicing balances, they've been largely flat independent of our purchases because our origination volume as we've changed from a strategy that National City pursued to more of a client-centric strategy, our origination volumes have declined. But our servicing balances have stayed constant as we've augmented our origination with purchases. Our strategy in mortgage is largely around being an extension of a Retail Bank. It has to be part of this company. We have to be good at it. We have to cross-sell it and integrate it into our retail offering with all of our customers. We don't aspire to be a pure transaction-focused, mortgage-only, generate-a-fee business. And because of that, you'll hear us say through time that mortgage is very important to us yet it's never going to be a major contributor to the bottom line of our income statement.
William S. Demchak: Look, your math is right, and that's why we, for 9 quarters in a row, have guided to higher provision, and for 9 quarters in a row, we've been wrong.
William S. Demchak: But we're looking at the same stuff you're looking at, and that kind of makes sense to us and then it doesn't happen.
William S. Demchak: To be clear, we emphasize all of it, and we have been adding customers and balances in the more commodity-like product. It is -- you do need more cross-sell for that to make economic sense, and the competition there, almost by definition, is more aggressive than what we see in the specialty areas because there's less competitors in the specialty areas. But we focus on it. We haven't given up on it. We continue to grow clients. We actually do quite well with it. What causes us to stand out in loan growth, though, versus our peers is the specialty businesses.
William S. Demchak: You'll see higher growth of C&I and a struggle inside of the retail space to grow. Part of it -- we've seen growth -- some of the growth recently is coming in our corporate finance book on the back of what, as you know, is a very active M&A market, and that seems to continue. So that surprises the upside. We have a little growth in utilization. We continue to grow asset-based lending, leasing, essentially real estate balances. So we feel good about that. We highlight -- we're saying it's going to be more difficult. We've been an outlier to the upside in growth. We'll probably trend towards -- more towards the mean is all we're saying. But we're still positive on our ability to grow customers and grow balances.
William S. Demchak: We have a -- so our economist publishes his forecasts, which we use for some things and for some other things I disregard.
William S. Demchak: But his forecasts are public, and you ought to assume that our comments today are on the back of his forecasts, yes.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, and I think that's right, Gerard. This is Rob. What Bill said is true in terms of where we're seeing it across the geographies. In this quarter, though, on the commercial mortgages, we did have -- it benefited from a reclass in some loans that were in Other. So we did grow commercial loans, but a big part of that increase quarter-over-quarter was a reclass from the Other category.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I think that's right. We continue to see modest improvement in utilization that had been consistent for the last 3 or 4 quarters, but nothing dramatic.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, on the -- in terms of the overall investments in our infrastructure and our technology, we're well underway, as you know. Well, there's portions of that, that we'll continue to be at forever, particularly around cyber. But in terms of a lot of the infrastructure build, we're probably another 18 months or so.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, sure, Paul. This is Rob. Well, we're pleased in terms of our progress in the Southeast across all business segments. We now have 6,000 employees in those markets, and we're fully up and running in the key areas, Charlotte, Raleigh, Atlanta, Mobile, Birmingham and Tampa. So we feel good about that. Growth rates continue to exceed our legacy growth rates in all the businesses. The Corporate Banking loan growth is faster. On the Retail side, household acquisition is faster. And then on the Asset Management side, by definition because we were de novo, the percentage increases are significant. So it's going well.
Robert Q. Reilly: That's a good question, Betsy. This is Rob. Yes, generally speaking, you're conceptually right. As we've said many times on the call, the continuous improvement program and the expenses that we have outlined are more helpful to us internally in terms of going after those than being able for you to be able to net 2 numbers. But what I would say, though, relative to expenses, we're off to a good start in terms of capturing those expense saves. We're generally on plan in terms of our investment rate. However, I do want to emphasize that we'll manage for the full year guidance in terms of expenses being stable, and you could see some quarterly fluctuation. So annualizing any quarter might not work because it's just some of the timing differences of the moving parts.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, hey, Scott, this is Rob. No change. Yes, we're still optimistic in terms of our ability to grow those fees, obviously, across all the categories for that part. So no change there, and that's part of our second quarter guidance, and our full year guidance, we expect growth.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, the only thing I'd add to that, Ken, is yes, the risk return has gotten tighter, and the best example is the auto where we are deliberately pulling back from some of the risk.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I would agree with that, and I'd still count on $225 million down for the year. It's really the recoveries, as you know, that are difficult to schedule in, but they did occur in the first quarter. That's a good thing. But in some respects, they were recoveries that would have otherwise happened later in the year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we -- it's a good question, and our comment is on record, seeing lower oil prices as being a net positive for our consumers. But we haven't -- which is a good thing.
Robert Q. Reilly: And for the economy, that's right. So we haven't done anything in terms of reserves related to that, but we welcome it.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think, yes -- well, let me -- maybe I can just say it differently, Mike. So at the beginning of the year, we said, hey, revenues would be under pressure as we thought the combined revenue growth of our businesses, including our fees and some growth in core NII, could offset partially the $225 million purchase accounting decline.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, yes, Kevin. This is Rob. There is. We guided to 300 and we still guide to 300. The jump was some fair value marks that we got in the quarter that results in 100 basis points. But I would just point you in terms of dollar size, it's pretty small. So that's a $15 million number there that changes that from 300 to 400.
Robert Q. Reilly: It's a good question. There's always some movement in between quarters, but in theory, through time, recoveries should go down as we get further into the cycle. So the jump quarter-to-quarter, part of that's just quarterly timing, but the general trend down, I think, is real.
Robert Q. Reilly: Oh, the purchase credit. No, that's -- there's been some release there. So I don't have an exact number for you, but that's part of it.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think your theory is correct in terms of how that works. In terms of our guidance, it's $50 million to $100 million in the second quarter. Where I pause is at these low levels and Bill sort of alluded to it. An individual handful of transactions can sort of swing that in any given quarter. So...
