William Demchak: I think in Rob’s – that the tax rate is a tax rate, whether or not that above the line numbers get reduced as a function of lowering spreads and/or higher deposit costs I think remains to be seen. So it's not really in our tax rate. It's kind of in [heavy] competition. Yes, because our return on equity is going to – after-tax return on equity is going to increase and in theory and in practice, you'll see some of that through time given to customers.
William Demchak: Yes. The other thing that to keep in mind when you – and this kind of jumps into theory, but our cost of capital actually increases because of the lower value of the tax shield from our funding. So you can actually give it all away and then there's just pure risk return that you get on the loan book that is sort of independent of in some ways what the tax rate is. So there's mitigating factors to some notion that you could just drop it off to clients.
William Demchak: And our bias inside of that as we've talked about before would be on the dividend side, but we’ll finish out this or do we have two quarters Rob on the remaining CCAR and then see what they have in store for us on the next set. We have higher cash flow and we’ll be biasing that cash flow subject to our Board of Directors approval, but towards the dividend I think.
William Demchak: Just on the underwriting standards, yes, the margin I would say that everybody just given past history has been more conservative than you otherwise might be given broad-based litigation risk and [put-back] risk. I’ll let Rob comment a bit on the home lending transformation, but lead off by saying that we are not where we will be on expenses as we're still kind of running the implementation program and in some places doing systems.
William Demchak: Well, I mean that bill wouldn't change anything for us, so it doesn't change the way we're thinking. And as a practical matter, our binding constrains or in effect that the thing that we're most concerned about in terms of leveling playing field is the LCR, which is not mentioned in that bill with that $250 billion threshold. But it is mentioned in the [indiscernible] bill. So we'd like to see and we think we will through time either through regulatory relief because it doesn't have to be through change or law or through change in law, some less hard lined approach to the way you said LCR exposure, and we keep pushing on that, we'll see where it goes. But that is kind of the single thing that impacts us.
William Demchak: Yes. Just quickly, I mean it's elevated this quarter because we accelerated a little bit some borrowings that we did. Obviously we've seen a back up in rates over the last handful of weeks with a 10-year push [indiscernible] I guess is crossing 2%. And you would just see that the margin start deploying more cash. Having said that, you've got to remember that the carry even with the higher backend rates is now reduced because it curves flat, but it is likely you'll see us put that money to work. We'd like to put it to work in floating rate assets, but as a practical matter we remain short on duration and have an opportunity to redeploy into Level 1 securities if we choose to.
William Demchak: So in effect we change the role and mix of employees to have more people customer-facing and less tellers, but we don't spend a 50 to 100 grand to redo the branch.
William Demchak: Well, rather than talk about special or non-special, I think the simple answer is, given the price to book ratios for us in the industry at this point, our bias would be towards dividends versus buyback, but we still have a pretty healthy buyback. We did get the question, I sort of said the margin given the increased cash flow because of the lower tax rate, our bias would be to push that towards dividend as opposed to increase buyback. And all of that is kind of common sense, given where valuations are.
William Demchak: Well, look the theory isn't – and the theory is simple, the practice is hard, right. You get limit long in effect just prior to going into our recession and we’ve been asset sensitive or very short as the economy has been recovering with the rates going up with the added fuel of the fiscal stimulus in effect coming from the tax program. You will see us leg in and close some of our negative duration over time. One of the things I mentioned, it's – the windfall in carry terms as opposed to value terms from that is less than it once was simply because the yield curve is flattened. But we will close that gap as – beyond an earnings measure as a pure risk management measure once as we sort of approach the – I’ll call it the maturity of this economic run.
William Demchak: Well, I mean without putting numbers on it, it's a mathematical calculation, right, so our tax shield on our percentage of debt as a part of our mix funding bases is not less. By the way that’s theory and practice often differs from theory. We look at it. The reason I bring it up is we measure our client relationships on our own performance as a function of total capital used to pursue a relationship and capital committed through credit and operating risk capital and so forth. So my only point in sort of bringing that whole thing up is there's offsetting costs and effect to simply saying that we could take the entire tax benefit and competed away without effective in business through our cost of capital.
William Demchak: No I wasn't implying that, although, if you really wanted to get into the math, the actual economic capital and credit increases in a lower tax environment, but I won't bore you with what that is.
William Demchak: Yes, we don't mix that with our investment. We used to fund our investment, but that's sort of a number that we focus on internally in terms of costs we're just taking out. Part of what's happening is we've hit most of the easy things in the longer-term opportunity we have and we've talked about this is kind of through automation in our back offices and some of the work we're doing in the home lending transformation. There will be more work in retail and then all the work we're doing in AI and RPA. But that's sort of a longer-term opportunity that's going to probably play out over a number of years as opposed to something we could quantify this year.
William Demchak: Our guidance for 2018 is our guidance for 2018. In theory we could invest more, but as you've heard us say we haven't been shy about it – future of our company, and oftentimes our decision to invest and take on new opportunities is driven by as much by our ability to execute efficiently as it is. They have dollars to spend.
William Demchak: I think it is a practical matter. I think the flattening trade at least as it relates to two tens is probably over the carry trade with the very front end with three rate increases as we have in our forecast is going to affect, drop the carry that I think will get from a typical investment portfolio. So we would see flattening trend from Fed funds to 10 years probably continue it.
William Demchak: So the shorter and going higher increases yield on what is by majority floating rate loan book. Value ultimately we remain short on a duration basis, so we will invest in the fixed rate securities and swaps, the carry from that at least on initiation of the transaction will be less than what it once was is the curve flattens from our cost of funding to whatever maturity we put on the loan book.
William Demchak: I mean it’s a practical matter that the entirety of the project to redo home lending was harder than we thought longer than we thought cost more money that we thought. So yes, yes and yes having said that it's all in what we've given you as guidance and we remain pretty bullish on what we can do inside of the home lending platform, home equity and mortgage on the same originations system with the strong digital front end, which has been a lot of work to get there.
William Demchak: Not the cost of capital that – we had a debate internally on what the lower tax rates actually do to the economic capital units that you prescribe to a given loan and the reason that the capital goes up is because you in effect in a fat-tail distribution lose the downside tax shield. That's the boring nature of it. If you take it offline, but in effect if I had 10 units of capital for 100 units of loan at yield tax rate, I have 10.5 or 11 today.
William Demchak: I don't know that we would need to budget more resources if that happens. That's terrific. I think at the margin, if you just play this out, if I’m a corporate manager, I'm going to have more projects that meet my hurdle in terms of investments than I did before at the margin. In practice, you need to fund those. Now they have more cash flow to fund those than they had before. But there's probably a willingness and a desire and a need to borrow as well. The other thing that we have that we don't really have our arms around yet is of course the cash repatriation coming back out of Europe. Now as a practical matter most of those people aren't the people who have been borrowing anyway. So I don't know that that has a material impact on dampening credit. So I guess long-winded answer, all else equal, stronger economy, tax code, change audit, increased loan demand. We haven't built that into our guidance. I think at the same time we see sort of record type in active corporate bond markets, which would be some of an offset to what we see on the loan side.
William Demchak: Yes. Look if that happens, I mean you know how we do this, if that happens as terrific, but that isn’t in our guidance.
William Demchak: There's more cash flow, so all else equal. If people don't lever up as a function of it, there's trade offs, but all else equal, notwithstanding the fact that we're kind of at all time high leverage for particularly investment-grade corporate America. This is going to generate cash flow that the margin ought to help them.
William Demchak: I'm not going to get into that. We measure it – as a practical matter. We look at it every quarter out for a number of different things. I don't actually know what it is this quarter.
William Demchak: Okay. Well listen, thank you, everybody. Look forward to talking to you again in the first quarter and for a strong 2018.
Robert Reilly: John, this is Rob. Just to broaden that question a little bit, it's early, obviously, we would expect based on historical sort of activity that banks will compete some of that away, but it's too early to tell in terms of the extent of that.
Robert Reilly: We didn’t assume a change in loan demand in effect, right. So if your question kind of comes along the lines, do we expect as a function of tax change and economic pick up that there might be more borrowings. We don't have that built into that number per se. Interestingly in the fourth quarter number, you're right in that we had a warehouse mortgage line for multifamily sort of runoff mid quarter, which on a spot basis caused numbers to decline. But what was interesting, our originations in the fourth quarter in C&I were really healthy, what changed versus the third quarter was the paydowns on loans that were kind of taken up by capital markets. And in the real estate market, real estate loans that were taken out by permanent finance in a pretty aggressive terms. So our ability to win deals and fund deals continues to pays healthy.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Not a big swing there, Scott. You just would reduce that by the compression of the lower tax rate, so not a big number to start with and roughly what 30% off of that.
Robert Reilly: Well, so that's a popular question, obviously, the answer to that is what you're going to expect, which is premature. We haven't received the Fed scenarios for this year's stress test. So that's a key component in determining what the capital return will be, but all else being equal because we have a lower tax rate in theory, if everything else stays equal, we'll have more to return.
Robert Reilly: Yes, I can add to that Erika. We're on track in terms of what our plans are. We did move mortgage originations this quarter to our new platform. We have plans to follow that up with home equity and mortgage here in the spring and then some more work in the later part of 2018. So the expense savings portion of that will most likely be in 2019, but we feel good about executing on the plan, which as you know is a very complex work set.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure John. Yes so mid single-digits both NII and fees going up mid single-digits and NII maybe the higher end of mid single-digits and non-interest income or the fee income sort of in the middle there, so both mid single-digits a little more in NII than the fees in terms of growth percentage.
Robert Reilly: Yes, so when we take a look at the year just to breakdown the components of the fees, we would say up mid single-digits overall in terms of the components asset management up high single-digits, consumer services up mid single-digits, corporate services up low single-digits, and the reason for that is just because of the elevated performance in the fourth quarter, corporate services fees were record as you can see. And then the mortgage and service charges on deposits low single-digits – up low single-digits. All into get you to mid single-digits for the whole fees.
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. So a couple of things there. We’ve been running in terms of branch consolidations that you see in the last couple of years on or around 100 branches a year and we would expect to be somewhere in that neighborhood in 2018. In regard to the universal branches themselves, in some cases, we've actually closed some universal branches because even though they're universal, they're measured the same way as our other branches and if they're not performing to expectations, we'll close those. I think the bigger conversation around universal branches though is universal branch has a set definition in terms of the configuration and the approach, but what we've learned is that the psychology and the method of interacting with our customers can be just as effective in our traditional branch format. So it's sort of an alternative format approach which can include our universal branches and also some of our legacy branches.
Robert Reilly: On the CRE in 2017 is much of what Bill is saying. The originations actually were pretty strong. It was more sort of the take outs that were elevated, particularly in the second half of the year. I think going into 2018, we still see some growth, but not at the rate that we've seen in the last couple of years.
Robert Reilly: No, I think it's the former just by definition in each year we get more and more efficient by definition, there's less in total to get, but that's still a significant number, it’s baked into our guidance in terms of total expense guidance and it's a tool we've used to keep expenses in check for what build last five years.
Robert Reilly: We can provide that guidance in that line, but that guidance hasn’t changed for quarter-to-quarter for a long time.
Robert Reilly: Yes. It was largely above it last year and most of that was as I had mentioned in previous calls, Ken, we've spoken about it, how it performs really in our private equity business.
Robert Reilly: I think it's pretty stable as I mentioned in the opening comments there, Ken, so we feel good about the book on the consumer side. We're largely in the prime space and the consumer is pretty healthy. And then on the corporate space credit has been pretty good, as you can see particularly in this quarter and as you say with a lower tax rate is that results in these corporate even going up in credit quality that will be better, but that remains to be same.
Robert Reilly: And the time place it’s all built into our guidance from the timeframe at the end of 2018 as what we've been talking about for some time.
