William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. You saw today that we reported full year 2019 results with net income of $5.4 billion or $11.39 per diluted common share. For the full year, we increased earnings per share, achieved record revenue, improved our efficiency ratio and generated positive operating leverage. Overall, it was an excellent year for PNC, capped by another solid quarter.We reported fourth quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.97 diluted per share. During the quarter, we grew loans, deposits and revenue. And while our provision increased, overall credit quality remains strong. Rob is going to take you through the full details of our financial results in just a second. And we remain dedicated and diligent in our continued investment in our businesses and technology to drive long-term growth.Along these lines, I was very pleased with the continued progress we made this quarter on our key strategic initiatives, including the national expansion of our middle market and retail banking efforts. We remain committed to growing our business but also maintaining an efficient organization capable of achieving positive operating leverage.I'd like to spend just a minute to thank our employees for all of their efforts to make 2019 a successful year. We achieved a great deal this past year for our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve, and none of it would have been possible without the combined efforts of our more than 51,000 employees working toward our common goals.As 2020 begins, we expect to face uncertainty in the year to come from the economic environment to the ramifications of international trade disputes, the geopolitical situation and a presidential election -- election campaign in the U.S., but we're excited about the momentum with which we've entered the year and along with our increased capital flexibility as a result of the tailoring rules , we believe our strategy, focus on -- our strategy and focus on our customers positions us well to continue to deliver for all of our constituencies.And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob, and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
William Demchak: John, it's Bill. We talk about normalization, and we have for years where our charge-off rate is below what we would expect to see through the cycle. But I would tell you our near-term pressure on charge-offs is more related to card and auto than anything else. And it's not really related to change in the economy. We dipped our toe into some -- the lower end of our credit bucket, probably a year ago. And those vintages are starting to play through. We've subsequently shut that down six months ago. So it's going to work its way through the snake here. But I don't actually see, personally, that charge-offs are so much normalizing because of the economy per se as we have some elevated consumer stuff that will reverse through time. The other thing, we had a big debate internally just on what to guide as it related to provision going forward because CECL and the impact of CECL has so many variables on what provision will be. We can reasonably forecast charge-offs. But of course, outlook on economy, mix of loan growth, pace of loan growth, many other factors ultimately impact how that provision is going to behave beyond charge-offs. So we're giving it our best shot. It could be high or low, and we'll see.
William Demchak: Yes. And on the C&I side, John, we really haven't seen anything that you'll see some specific credits we're adding to. By the way, we've been doing this for five years. What's changed is the recoveries that we've gotten through time...
William Demchak: Way back from the crisis are gone. So it's not so much that our new stuff is elevated in any given point...
William Demchak: Yes. One of the things that hit us this quarter was just elevated amortization expense on our premium mortgage securities, which we think has probably hit its peak.
William Demchak: But the simplest thing to do is to let some of our wholesale borrowings run off, and that's what we've been doing.
William Demchak: Yes. I was just going to say, on the deposit side, we have been reasonably aggressive in dropping rates and have still been able to grow balances, both interest bearing and noninterest bearing so we're going to continue to pursue that. One of the things that's happening in the background here, of course, is the Fed over the last 2 or 3 months has been injecting cash back into the system through their repo activities, which means the fight for deposits that was pretty intense is letting up somewhat as cash comes back into the system. And I'm not exactly sure how that's going to play out.
William Demchak: So the national deposits have been much more sticky than we expected because, at least as an individual, Erika, I kind of assume that unless you converted it to a full-time account, which we've had some success at doing, I assume people would shop those rates and move. We actually haven't seen that be the case, even though we have dropped -- we were pretty far below the competitive band on what we're offering. Now I'm sure there's elasticity to that. But thus far, we haven't seen much movement. The upfront money on checking accounts, which all of us do, where you open the account and you swipe your debit card five times and so forth,
William Demchak: There's a lot of mischief in that. So we've had the percentage of people who basically are taking the cash going through the motions and never using the account, have made that option less attractive to us than some other things we're doing.
William Demchak: I mean Rob can jump in here. But the -- as we -- as I mentioned at the Goldman Conference, the ask that we put in, had nothing to do with tailoring. So it was basically capital that we had in excess from '19 independent of rule change. As to the amount, beyond the fact that $1 billion is a nice round number, you have to remember that our existing program is a pretty big program.
William Demchak: So adding to our existing program by much more than we asked for just didn't seem to make a lot of sense.
William Demchak: No. I would -- I mean a couple of comments. The issue we had by going a little bit down our risk bucket. By the way, that's not a huge amount, it's kind of flowing through. I -- our team is supposed to do that, test and learn and see. We learned. We didn't like it. We move on. But we're growing independent of that if you just look at the balances that we've grown in card, in auto and in resi and even home equity, I guess, has grew...
William Demchak: Yes. They're executing really well, and that'll continue. The issue for CECL, of course is -- in today's environment, it's an easier answer to say, yes, we'll keep growing home equity and resi on the balance sheet because the loss rates, the loss content is so low even in the CECL reserve. The challenge will be in a more pressed economy and environment where charge-offs and losses are higher. Will you be booking loans that effectively cause negative income in the year you booked them in? That's a discussion we'll have at that period of time. I do think, as I've always said that CECL in general will hurt consumer lending, particularly when it's needed most as people pull back because of the financial pain from the reserves. But in today's environment, I don't see.
William Demchak: Well, as it relates to trade, I think there's a lot of wait and see as to what's really there and how it impacts people. So I don't know that people have really changed. They've been -- and you've seen it in manufacturing and CapEx, they've been a bit on the sidelines. Eventually, they're going to have to spend, simply replace dated stuff. But I don't know that we've seen that yet. Our growth on the C&I side continues to come from specialty businesses and our geographic expansion. And probably one of the things that makes us a bit of an outlier just in terms of growth is once we turn consumer-positive, which we've done, the totality that the loan book is growing, and we haven't had that in the past. Yes.
William Demchak: Far outpacing the legacy books and they add -- I'm not going to guess a percentage, but I've seen it. They add to the total for sure.
William Demchak: It's a number of factors that start with really good people. It includes bringing to our new markets. Our -- the totality of PNC with a regional president model, with our community involvement, and yes, it's dependent on our products. We show up in a market, we get embedded in the community and centers of influence. We go in with our foundation and growth rate. We pick the clients we want to cover and bank long term, and we're very patient. We will call on them for 2 and 3 years. But -- before we get a shot on goal. And when we get that, our products are very good, particularly in comparison to some of the smaller in-market players. We've been doing this going all the way back to the RBC acquisition, and it works. We use the same playbook in each market that we go into. We talk about breaking even inside of three years. We've been able to do that with all the vintages and we'll keep going.
William Demchak: The other thing that I would just remind you, and this is important. The potential criticism that somehow we are out just participating in other loans is not at all accurate. When you look at our cross-sell rates in those markets, they're pushing 50% fees of total revenue, which is not wildly off what we do in our legacy markets.
William Demchak: Yes. I mean at the end of the day -- we are underinvested today. We're certainly going to invest. Runoff will probably grow. One of the things going on in the background here is on the receive fixed swap side because the curve steepened out while we had largely gotten out of or lowered our position. We're back into that. So you can't just look at the securities book in terms of the way we're actually investing against the yield curve. You can think about it in terms of cash, but it's not necessarily the sole tool used to manage the balance sheet.
William Demchak: I mean it's a fair question. And you should assume that we look at loan portfolios. We continue to do so. We look at a lot of stuff. We look at product add-ons, and you've seen us do that in small size in terms of capabilities in the C&I space, things we would do in retail. And we'll continue to be rational actors in terms of how we spend the capital. We have been pretty clear on our thoughts on depository institutions, and that hasn't really changed. So we'll let this play out. It's nice. If you think about the environment that we are going into, notwithstanding the strength of the economy. The volatility of, kind of, what comes in an election year, I think having a lot of capital and being able to generate a lot of capital is a really good thing, simply because of the opportunities that are likely to present themselves here.
William Demchak: Yes. Look, you never say never. But my experience is the consumer asset generators that come up for sale are broken, number one. And number two, we aren't the house to fix them, right? We are a prime lender in consumer that's focused on customer experience. We aren't a subprime lender, which typically, most of these people play in. We don't understand it. We don't want to be that person. The fact that if they're for sale, they blew up, they didn't understand it either suggests to me that all else equal, you won't see us -- you won't ever see us do that. Now you never say never, but that is my likely guess.
William Demchak: Yes. The flip side of that, by the way, on the C&I side, we're really good at fixing busted C&I, right? So big portfolios that are troubled or lenders that are troubled show up with big portfolios. That is something we pursue. That's in our wheelhouse.
William Demchak: And the issue is if we grow to the -- in the same categories today, you wouldn't necessarily have the same loss content because, for example, we shut off the lower FICO score consumer. If we shift to secured products in C&I versus unsecured products, it shifts. Before we do more card than we do resi mortgage, it's -- this thing is going to be really hard to predict. And what we have to do and we will do is give you an effect a provision attribution each quarter so that you understand it clearly, where it's coming.
William Demchak: The challenge with that is the assumption that the absolute growth in consumer will somehow keep pace with the absolute growth in C&I, which it won't, simply because C&I is disproportionately larger. So yes, consumer will grow, but you've got to remember that, that's balanced by a larger C&I book growing just as fast.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure. Yes. Sure, John. So for the first quarter guidance, I kept it simple. And we're just going to take forecasted charge-offs, which we expect to be at the same level that we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2019 and then add to that, the CECL loan loss rates for the fourth quarter of '19 to our projected loan growth. And that's the simple math.
Robert Reilly: Right. Well, it's new. CECL is new. And it's been a lot of work, as you know, both in terms of what we've done as we ran through parallel in 2019 to establish our transition amount. But going forward, we feel good about our framework. We've got a three year reasonable and supportable forecast. We've got the four macroeconomic scenarios that we'll detail in our 2020 disclosures. But to Bill's point, and what I said in my opening comments, there's just a lot of factors. And then on top of that, it's new.
Robert Reilly: So there's just going to be some learn-curve aspects to sort of the practical application of CECL real time.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Yes, I think so. I think so, John. We expect rates to be stable. We don't have NIM guidance officially. That's more of an outcome. But I think we'll spend most of the -- if everything stays constant, we'll spend the next year pretty much in this range. We could actually go up in a particular quarter as deposit costs are continuing to come down. But not a lot in either direction.
Robert Reilly: Okay. Well, through the first part about that in terms of the new LCR requirements. We have and we'll continue to work down our cash balances to the new requirement of 85%. The first step is -- we talked about this on the third quarter call, is to pay down some short-term debt and then take a look going forward in terms of where we would deploy that. Unfortunately, securities yields aren't terrific. So I don't think we're going to move quickly in that direction but...
Robert Reilly: But I would say -- I would just add to that the deposits -- as we worked rates down across the board, deposits have been stickier than what we would have expected.
Robert Reilly: Yes. No, I think it still holds. What's helping us there is we are forecasting pretty good loan growth for 2020. Our pipelines look good. So when we do that, we see up approximately 1% is achievable.
Robert Reilly: Well, I think on the fees, we're in good shape. We -- and our fee businesses are big. They're all growing. So I think we'll see a consistent trajectory that we've seen in 2019. Just going through the broad categories, asset management. Asset management, BlackRock -- the component -- the BlackRock component, they'll do what they do. The P&C component will have a little bit of -- we'll have same-store sales growth will have a little bit of a challenge in 2019 numbers because we divested those businesses, and in fact, sold some revenue. But corporate services, consumer services, we see staying on the trajectory that they've been on. Residential mortgage could be off a little bit, but that's pretty small for us. And then service charges on deposit we see as being kind of flat because -- we'll see more client activity. But as I mentioned in my comments, we are working toward eliminating a lot of those nuances that our customers have experienced, and we want to get ahead of that. So that'll kind of offset one another. So fees are good.
Robert Reilly: Yes. And to your question, John, we have no change in terms of our strategies for growth because of CECL.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Sure. So tailoring is obviously going to add some flexibility to our capital ratios. In terms of tailoring alone, we see our capital -- CET1 ratio going up about 60 bps. That's including opting out of AOCI, which hurts by about 20 basis points. And then with CECL, CECL affect CET1. That's another 19, 20 basis points. So net-net-net, tailoring CECL, we see our capital ratio going up about 40%. That's where we are today. So that adds a lot of flexibility -- basis points. I'm sorry, 40 basis points, 9.9-ish. From 9.5 to 9.9-ish. So that's a lot of flexibility. We talked about a target in the 8% to 8.5% range. So yes, we've got room.
Robert Reilly: Yes. In the past, here. Yes, that's right. And it's pretty balanced in terms of our outlook. And the pipelines look good.
Robert Reilly: Well, I mean, the new markets are accretive to our loan growth in terms of percentages, but they're working off pretty small bases.
Robert Reilly: Yes. And Gerrad, I would just add to that. Not to say that for this. This is just great receptivity of these corporate clients and prospects for the P&C calling effort. And once that dialogue goes, as Bill said -- and we compete well.
Robert Reilly: Well, sure. I mean it is that. No, we're not backing off of our investments or anything along those lines. We just think that the continuous improvement program that we have in place is the strength of the company that we can achieve. In essence, 3% cost savings to fund these investments on an annual basis. And that's something that we've been very good at, and that will continue. So I don't think there's a whole lot that's changing under that.
