Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, hi, Jessica. Good morning; it's Rob. To answer your question, in the first couple weeks here of the year, given the rate movement that you reference, we've seen a significant jump in applications, particularly on the refi side, which are up almost 170% versus this time last year. Purchases is about the same; but the real driver is on the refi because of the rates that you mentioned.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, absolutely clear. That's what we've done for the last couple of years, and that program has worked for us and we're committed to continuing that program in 2015.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, we don't have a specific efficiency ratio target, because the biggest driver of that is really outside of our control; and that's interest rates. What we do is manage our expenses, as I've mentioned in this challenging revenue environment with a high degree of discipline. And we are committed to keeping those stable as we make continued investments in mostly our technology and retail bank transformation.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I – you're absolutely right, and a lot of our strategies are around driving the fee income. We've had a lot of success with that in 2014 in terms of the growth that you've seen. If you just take a look at the broad categories, asset management, we continue to experience high single digit growth and have those types of expectations. Consumer services, we're seeing mid to high single digit growth in the products that I mentioned. The year-over-year comparison had some unfortunate year-over-year comparisons, because of the diluted effect of some of the contra-revenue items, but we continue to see growth there. Corporate services, we say mid single growth. I caveat that, though, just with the biggest driver in 2014 was Harris Williams, our M&A advisory piece, which had a record year, easily twice the level of what they had had the previous year, which I think was a record year, Bill, or close to a record year.
Robert Q. Reilly: So that could ease off a bit. Mortgage, we'll see. Our view is that we'll see some flattening there. And the rest, in terms of some of the other noninterest incomes are not core fee and those tend to happen.
Robert Q. Reilly: The reason that our tax rate was lower than that, at the 22% or so was primarily because of the foundation and as I mentioned, some tax credits. So the guidance between 25% and 26% is the go forward.
Robert Q. Reilly: No, I would say in terms of our 2015 outlook, as Bill mentioned, we do have built in some rise in rates in the second half of the year. So that is part of our thinking.
Robert Q. Reilly: I think you just covered it. Yes, those are the elements. We are calling for modest loan growth. As we mentioned, some change in our securities portfolio that will settle in the first quarter. So that's – those are the pluses working against some of the minuses that you mentioned.
Robert Q. Reilly: I think I caught most of that. Its – I'm not sure about our line, there's a line issue there. But I think the question was, yes, that's right. The purchase accounting guidance which will be down $225 million is our estimate there, will make it tough to grow total NII above that.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think the – I think we're close. I think it largely going to depend on what's outside of our control in terms of rates. But naturally what's – what we can do, it will depend on the loan growth in the securities book that we have. But it's close.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, it's all consistent. I mean, the last quarter the charge-off ratio was 16 basis points. So if that's not the trough, that's getting down to about as low as you can go. So at 23 basis points we still think on a normalized sort of look that's on the low end. But I'd say charge-offs and recoveries have sort of been fairly steady, and in the short term we don't see dramatic changes to that. But over time we do see those levels going back to more normal levels, as Bill mentioned in his opening comments.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, growth will obviously add to reserves. What I've said before and said this morning as far as releases, we did have a release here in the fourth quarter, and we would expect everything else staying the same by going forward that we may have further releases, although not necessarily at these levels.
Robert Q. Reilly: And in asset management, as you know, it's a highly fragmented industry. So market share leaders are in the single digit percent kind of numbers.
Robert Q. Reilly: No, we haven't disclosed those specifics. But the bulk of that $128 million, $130 million was the foundation.
Robert Q. Reilly: No. No, we don't. The gain on sale margin, why it's higher, it's higher for two reasons. One is we tend to be higher than the industry because we don't work through the brokerage channels. But the bigger delta as it's been in past quarters, is we've had some fair value marks, which expand that spread. But they are relatively small numbers. So the fair value marks in total were $24 million.
Robert Q. Reilly: I think we're in the range. Like I said, we could have some small releases going forward, but generally speaking, our allowance and our provision is in the right range.
William S. Demchak: Yes, it's Bill. You remember in the third quarter, we kind of had a bit of a hiccup in our trend line of loan growth and we thought it was an anomaly, and it turned out to be the case. So we saw growth into the fourth quarter, again, basically in our specialty businesses, coming off of asset base, some of our public finance healthcare leasing, and so forth. No real growth in the core middle market commercial space. In fact commercial, which is our lower $50 million and under sales businesses, basically declined quarter-to-quarter with some of the runoff from the acquisitions. Just on spreads, you're seeing, the highest areas in asset-based lending, where with fees we're still probably over 300 basis points. Core middle market, new originations around 200. Corporate finance, the higher-cap guys maybe 175 or so. We continue to kind of see the 3, 4, 5 basis point down quarter-to-quarter in average loan yields and that doesn't seem to be abating.
William S. Demchak: Yes, I mean, Rob went through some of the detail in his comments on the energy portfolio. Just to drill down on that real quickly, some of its reserve based. It's smaller, it's new for us. It's secured and hedged. So we're not sweating that yet. The stuff we have on the servicing side, the bulk of it is inside of our asset-based lending group. And while there could be difficulties there, our ability to – because we are collateralized and work through that, we wouldn't expect material losses. It really focuses in on our unsecured servicing book, much of which is actually done in small business in commercial and small balance. And if we're going to have problems, it's probably there and it's $300 million of funded loans. So I don't sweat that too much. I think as you go through the rest of our footprint and market, we don't really operate in the places that – with the exception of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and I'll talk about that in a second, we don't really operate in the places that have kind of boomed as a function of energy. And even here, gas and investment in gas seems to be taking a bit of a different tack than what we've seen in oil. So we don't see it really manifesting itself locally in any material form. I think you're going to see just in the broader economy, right, that consumer is empowered here. You see consumer spending up, you're going to see retailers do better. So a little bit of a mix shift. But we continue to be pretty constructive on the benefit to the US economy as a function of lower gas prices and lower oil prices.
William S. Demchak: Yes, we remain committed to the core asset sensitivity that we hold. In the fourth quarter, it became pretty apparent that the yield differential between the US and Europe and the strength of the dollar was such that we probably had to take a few chips off the table and we did. Our conviction on rates here as you just look forward, as Rob said, the US economy still feels pretty strong. My own expectation and there is some debate here, is that we'll still see the Fed do something in 2015. At issue is how much they would do, again given the strength of the dollar and low CPI and more importantly whether, even if they raise short-term rates, there is any impact on long-term rates. Having said all of that, I always go back to my core theme, which, you know, the opportunity cost of remaining short just doesn't – just is not that high and it doesn't affect our strategic priorities and our ability to execute on the business we pursue.
William S. Demchak: No major change, although I would tell you I wish I was a bit more tactical than I was in the fourth quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes, you know, I saw some stats that I think 1% of the – it was a tiny number of the employment growth inside of the Pittsburgh region came from energy, which actually surprised me. I would have thought it had been more. Just on the CapEx side, you're right. For the large guys you would – in effect, capital expenditure is substitutable. But what we are seeing is the cuts into oil are deeper than what's happening in gas. And so there hasn't been any kind of immediate impact. You also have the issue just with gas, you'll remember as part of energy policy, the switch of the utilities to gas long-term out of coal, causes this need to continue, independent of what's going on with raw oil prices.
William S. Demchak: I mean, beyond – and there's nothing we can do about it, interest rates are obviously the biggest drivers that ultimately are bottom line in 2015. Challenges are somewhat related to that. We continue to execute on what we set out there, but I would tell you competition continues to get tougher. The willingness of competitors to stretch on risk and yield, particularly as we see NIM pressures because of rates, I think is probably going to accelerate. And for us it's basically staying inside of our credit box, continuing to win new customers and cross-sell in an environment where we'll progressively see more irrational competition.
William S. Demchak: We've looked into every iteration of the yield curve. I think, the impact into 2015, while obviously being negative, would be less dramatic than what that would cause longer-term, obviously. We do think in its most basic form right, NII will benefit from short rates going up, simply because of the repricing of loans and the degree of stickiness in our deposits. You lose the ability of carry on your securities books. So the upside isn't as much as it would be if we just see the front end increase. My own expectation, I don't, look, I don't think even if the Fed goes that they are going to go to a point where they cause an inversion here. But you could definitely see a flattening of the curve and I would expect you would see one.
William S. Demchak: Yes, but in effect what we do inside of the budgeting process and the guidance we give is we do it off of forward rates. I would tell you that since we put that in place we've seen forwards decline. So it's one of the reasons that Rob is a little soft on kind of suggesting that there is going to be revenue pressure in 2015.
William S. Demchak: I think, look, absent the recent submission, it is very clear and I – my own belief is that the Fed understands this, that eventually banks are going to have to get to the place where they can return 100% of the capital they generate once they hit acceptable total capital levels. And I think the regulators get that, right. They don't have a desire to have us drive our capital ratios to infinity. The notion of doing a special dividend or something is a conversation at this point and an interest, but nothing that is inside of guidance. It can be done as part of CCAR.
William S. Demchak: Well, let me – yes, sure. Let me just clarify. We like commercial loan growth. So we never suggested we wanted to slow it. We did see a slowing in the third quarter. At issue for us is finding returns on clients that basically pay for the capital committed. So as spreads come in, we need more cross-sell for it to make sense. So we haven't changed our risk return bucket at all. We found opportunities in the fourth quarter with new clients and existing clients, it just grew balances. But it wasn't because we changed our appetite on risk or our willingness to do sub economic returns. We just did better than we did in the third quarter. Again, where we're seeing core growth is probably a little bit atypical than some of our competitors. It's not in the traditional plain vanilla commercial middle market space, it's in our specialty businesses. So in asset based lending and real estate leasing, some of the public finance specialties, and asset securitization and some other things. So we're seeing growth in places where, frankly, there is just less competition and we are taking advantage of that.
William S. Demchak: Yes, sure. So we do – we have a big business with municipalities on the issuance side, deposit side, treasury management side and other things. At issue with the LCR as it related to muni deposits and in the first proposal, to the extent that you had to pledge securities, in particular, Level 1 securities against the deposit balances, you both lost the ability to count those securities as part of your Level 1 securities and you also had to treat the deposits as if they were repo or in effect immediate runoff. The revisions to LCR cause you to still lose the ability to count the securities in your base, but they dramatically shifted the runoff in deposits. So the runoff is now 15% or something versus the 100% immediate it was before. So it's gotten better. It's still not without pain. Having said that, our relationship with municipalities go beyond what we do in deposits. And so like all our clients, we look across the broad based relationship and to the extent that the collective business makes sense to us, we do it.
William S. Demchak: Well, I'll get the last question first, which is – as we've stated many times, we're not in the market for acquisitions at this point, a bunch of different reasons, from price through to wanting to complete our technology initiatives. The growth in the southeast, generic. It's coming across all the businesses. As I said, it's at a – we're growing at a faster pace than we're growing our legacy franchise. I think at this point it's kind of 11% of our total revenue, so it's starting to matter. We did a lot of things right down there. We – from the brand equity we got from the branch acquisition, we added really good people both from legacy markets we sent down as well as people who were attracted to our brand and wanted to work with us. We've gathered great clients. We focused on getting the right clients and had the patience to spend the time to get the right clients and it's just working. I mean, in addition, look, the southeast continues to be a pretty hot part of the economy and we've seen it rebound back probably better than we had expected when we did the deal.
William S. Demchak: You see all the cranes there. I think as an aside, I'm reasonably sure this is accurate. Our Atlanta market had what was one of our largest markets for corporate banking fees this year.
William S. Demchak: I'm a little bit distanced from it. We're material in it in the sense that we have the probably largest or second largest bank owned servicing operations…
William S. Demchak: In the form of Midland that we've grown servicing year-on-year inside of that business. What we have seen, we had balance sheet growth through term loan lending in real estate, largely in competition with life companies over the last couple years and that is starting to slow down given the reemergence of the CMBS market. We play at the margin in origination of CMBS loans that will be contributed to somebody else's deals. But it's just small amount – a small amount and not material to us.
William S. Demchak: I mean two different themes. Just on the corporate services side, we acquired companies, first in National City and then in RBC, who basically didn't have the products and services and the cross sell ratios that PNC had. So we have had the opportunity to cross sell more products into existing clients. Importantly, through the downturn, we added clients in the corporate book, key clients at a 10% compounded pace for 3 or 4 years. So what we're doing now and you're seeing it show up in the corporate services line, is cross selling to these new clients that we basically got through extending credit. So that's driving the corporate service line, in addition to the success of Harris Williams. It's a record M&A year kind of across the industry, and Harris Williams took advantage of it. The asset management growth has been a key focus for the better part of 4 or 5 years now where, I don't know; Rob, you know the numbers, but we've more than doubled the sales force who's out talking to clients and our differential advantage largely comes through our ability to cross sell and refer existing clients in the business – or existing clients in the bank into that business. We have good products and services, but what we do better than most is get those in fact in front of clients who already trust us through other relationships.
William S. Demchak: At the margin, probably, but our business model hasn't changed. We talk about being a Main Street bank, we make loans, take deposits, help people with payments and do retirement. That's what we've been doing for a number of years. At the margin you see things, the European banks who have shrunk their balance sheets, that led to opportunities inside of real estate lending for example. We clearly have gained share in asset based lending as others have exited. So I couldn't point to a line item and say that X percent of our growth came from somebody else shrinking. But I'm sure it's somewhere embedded in our numbers.
William S. Demchak: Just correct your number for a second. The issue – the comparative math in 2014 was largely we didn't get back into the market until the second quarter. So you've kind of have to annualize the back three to get to the right number. Having said that, it is well below 100% and a couple basic reasons for that. One was that's what we asked for. But two is the capital – or the return that you ask for is off of your CCAR base case. And in our case when we submit our base case CCAR run it tends to be lower for a variety of reasons, than what we actually produce. So we'll ask for a higher percentage than what it looks like when we actually earn our money. What we've said all along here is we are biased towards greater capital returns rather than less and I would hope you'd see that in what we're able to do. But until we hear from – we've submitted our request and our CCAR runs and we await to hear the Fed's views on these.
William S. Demchak: Boy, that’s a bit – there is a bunch of embedded questions in there and one I can't answer with exact science. In effect, though, one of the things that happened to us through the second and third quarter, first, you saw our security balances decline, so we were net getting shorter. In addition, we were growing deposits. If you looked at our deposit lines quarter-by-quarter through the year, you'll see a big acceleration in the third and fourth quarter. So a lot of what we did in the fourth quarter was simply reverse some of the shortening we had in the second and third and then put to work the value of the deposits that we created. So net-net-net I'm not sure, all else equal, that we changed a whole lot our sensitivity to forward NII as a function of rising rates.
William S. Demchak: We'd like it to be the latter, but in this environment it's tough to say that you don't expect any further legal costs. I would remind you that everything we know about our outstanding litigation is disclosed inside of our Qs and will be again at the end of the year.
William S. Demchak: It's a good question. I think in its most basic form, I think our specialty businesses just have less competition. So we are gathering greater share of what the opportunities are in that market. Inside of each one of them there is a different story. So inside of asset based lending, we've seen a lot of the middle market private equity shops start to rely on asset based as their core financing product and not go back to cash flow, because they find that it's easier to work with the lenders in the event of a crisis. They figured that out through the last recession. I think in real estate it was – real estate came back, and the European banks exited, and there was just big opportunity and we have a great business there. So it's case-by-case. But in summary, I just think there's – lending is not a commodity when it's inside of one of these segments versus a straight commercial loan where there's 6,900 banks in the country who want to do it.
William S. Demchak: It's embedded. At the end of the day it doesn't matter where it's coming from, but it's embedded in Rob's forward guidance on what we talked about on core NII.
William S. Demchak: We didn't see, just third quarter, the fourth quarter, we saw marginal increases in line utilization, nothing dramatic, as projects funded out. We saw some balance growth inside of our asset based business, which is kind of great. As people turn to asset based as the way to raise financing. It's secured and we're happy with it. But we haven't seen people draw lines in the event of panic, which it sounds like…
William S. Demchak: The big issue with that, I mean everybody tries to figure out if reserve releases can drive 2015. The longer term issue, the longer term value issue, is that the industry and we are running materially below what ought to be through the cycle charge-offs. Now, maybe we're in this utopian period of great loans for a few years. But practically we've talked about a charge-off ratio, 50 or 60 basis points through the cycle…
William S. Demchak: Yes, and we're running 16. So I don't expect that to happen in the visible future. But I'd put it out there as something of, you know, if you look at back earnings today, that would be a normalized charge-off rate and the offset to that in the right environment would be higher rates. We're just in this dislocated place where both remain abnormally low right now.
William S. Demchak: No, I just – real quickly, thank you for your time again today. We do think we've produced a solid 2014 for our shareholders, particularly within the things that we can control. We remain committed to growing this company across the strategic priorities we outlined. I think we have the ability to do that. I think it creates long-term value. We do recognize that there's near term headwinds in the form of interest rates that we're going to have to work our way through. But there's nothing we can do to control that. It's a message you've heard from me for a while. We'll continue on the path. We're not going to change our risk box. We continue to grow clients, grow the balance sheet through loans and deposits and we'll execute to the long-term. With that, thank you for your time this morning.
