Richard J. Johnson: No, I think -- no, that's very well done. That's exactly right, Erika. I would look at it as 9.9. It's down from the 10 we gave you before because we had a beat of about $100 million in the first quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The spread declined by about 16%. It was previously about 4.90%. We ended up this quarter about 4.10% in terms of the margin. So that was what we were expecting. I think what we didn't expect was the lower volume levels. For the year, we're looking at probably about a 3.50% average margin on this activity, but we'll have to watch that and see how that plays out.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, we ended about 30%. And I -- we don't really see much of a change, I mean, with the extension. We just continue to focus on the activity we have. We're not expecting any big change in the percentage.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're naturally going to be at a higher run rate. Given -- keep in mind, that's an annualized number, so it really means we saved $125 million in the first quarter, which will repeat through the other 3 quarters. So that's your $500 million. And the reason why you're there is you've got the momentum of the initiatives you had in the prior year, so they get the full year impact into the first quarter, you see that immediately. Second thing is we got a big benefit of almost $25 million in the first quarter on mortgage foreclosure, $25 million for the quarter and $100 million for the year. So the fourth -- it's going to be harder sledding to increase that number for the rest of the year, but we should easily get it to $700 million.
Richard J. Johnson: No, no. Matt, the only thing I'd mention, if you recall, when we talked about the full year $700 million, we had $550 million being invested, $150 for unidentified items at the moment, but we didn't need that portion of the $150 million in the first quarter. So we still have that $150 million in our full year forecast.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. And I think, Matt, that we positioned ourselves well for '14 by keeping expenses pretty flat throughout the year, whereas in prior years, we had an increase in expenses through the year, and that automatically put you at a higher level. So we're -- we can't give guidance on '14, but we're clearly positioning ourselves for the right actions.
Richard J. Johnson: We haven't disclosed that yet. And we've just chosen not to simply because we're just entering the parallel run January 1. So we've just chosen -- we've given you the ratio, we're going to continue to monitor that and continue to grow it. And I think, as we get more and more comfortable with modeling and some of the other conservative estimates we've made in the calculation, then I -- we'll put it out at some point in the future.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, it can go both ways. I think that's what we got to be careful, but I think I'm hopeful that we've been more conservative than not. And obviously, it's -- part of this, by the way, isn't just better modeling and so on, it's also the rules are changing. And we have the market risk rule, you have the securitization rules, and we refined our modeling on that. So you had a number of items that we were able to refine this quarter to improve the risk-weighted asset number.
Richard J. Johnson: We've given guidance that it'll be down 2% to 3% primarily because of purchase accounting accretion...
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I'm sorry. For net interest income, we've given guidance. But we don't typically give margin guidance, so I'm not going to necessarily get into that.
Richard J. Johnson: Not a lot on the CD side. I mean, obviously, all the CDs that we have priced to National City, they're gone. We finished all that repricing. You did see overall cost of funds drop during the quarter at the same time we saw on the core. At the same time, we saw the interest-earning asset margins declined. So we're able to keep the margin stable in this quarter, but we will run out of room, clearly, on the liability side at some point. And as a result, I would expect at some point, and then it continues to decline.
Richard J. Johnson: Absolutely. I think, if you look back at the prior couple of quarters before that, we were up to $275 million, I think, in the third quarter. And I think if we'd add customers and added activity, I think we can certainly get it back up. But a lot of it is going to have an impact on how much lending goes to bank balance sheets now that affects some of the M&A activities, syndications and derivatives on the back end of that. So we'll just have to watch and see how the lending market progresses.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The -- it wasn't so much the weakness in the quarter, as it was an outstanding fourth quarter. I mean, we have $70 million in the fourth quarter in M&A fees, just to give you an idea, but down to $16 million in the first quarter, so -- and typically, that might run at about 20 a quarter. So it -- marginally weaker in the first quarter, is what I would say. It was really just a very strong fourth quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: The building I saw in March and April was of nothing in January and February. So -- but it's clearly in the specialty lending areas, as Bill mentioned before, whether that be commercial real estate, public finance, equipment leasing, commercial real estate and so on.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I think, to Bill's point, the best you can hope for in the first year of operations is to maintain the balances flat to up. And we've been able to increase our balances by about 6% in loans despite the runoff over the course of the year. So we're real pleased with that.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I think, you're going to continue to see improvements in the underlying credit quality statistics. And we've been running -- if you take out the unusual adjustments, around $300 million of charge-offs in the quarter, I think that'll continue to improve over time. And I believe that still puts us in that $200 million to $300 million range as we're obviously seeing a faster pace of improvement on the commercial side than we are on the consumer side and so, as a result, releasing some reserves on the commercial side. Not yet ready to release a lot of reserves on the consumer side, we still have a large pipeline of IOs and POs coming to maturity over the next 5 years or so. And I think we got to keep watching that to make sure that we keep funding our reserve levels to replenish the charge-offs that we're seeing.
Richard J. Johnson: No, we were expecting about 25%. And we got some isolated credits. I think we've given guidance of 25% to 26%. Got some isolated credits in the first quarter, which made us at 24%. So I think it'd go back to 25%, you're fine there. And the other thing too is, in the wording, we say "may not be sustainable." We're not giving up on $1.76, but we mean, clearly with the trends of low rates on NII and further higher expenses, it'll be a challenge to keep it at that level.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, what we did is -- the trust preferred could be anywhere from $15 million to $45 million, $48 million, somewhere in that range. And also you've got, marketing is going to go up. We expect marketing to increase anywhere from $25 million to $35 million. I think the -- take each of those, you get a range of between 2% to 3%.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would say, spot year-end 2012 to spot year-end 2013, we're looking at mid-single-digit loan growth, which is driven primarily by the commercial side.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, Gerard, this is a follow-up. We took the provision impact in 2012, but we were unable to operationalize the changes until the first quarter of this year in terms of the impact of charge-offs, nonperforming loans, non-accruals and all other things that have to take place for that. So yes, we're just catching up, to be honest with you.
William S. Demchak: Sure. First and foremost, and we'll say this every time you ask, we'll focus our capital on client activity and growth and good-quality loans where we're getting a return. But beyond that, we will have a focus on continued dividend return and increases in dividend and then, importantly, meaningful share buyback, which we've been out of the market for a couple of years, but in '14, we've been pretty vocal that we should have capacity, and we'll execute on that. It's -- beyond that, if -- I'll get the question at some point as to whether or not there's small banks we want to buy, so why don't we tackle that? That would be pretty far down the list right now given the bet we already have in the Southeast that we need to execute on and the price expectations we see from some of the smaller banks.
William S. Demchak: My statement was pretty clear. We have a lot on our plate and a lot that we can do organically, and we're going to focus on that and execute on it. And we've been doing just that. We feel pretty good about it. We feel good about capital return to shareholders in '14.
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's Bill. I'll take the front end of it. I mean, the momentum comment is simply that we grew originations quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter straight through last year as we added capacity. And we felt pretty good about our ability to extend that even though we had expected industry volume to decline. We managed to hold it flat, but we didn't manage to extend it as competition for people, frankly, got pretty fierce and our ability to have the hedge we expected just wasn't there. Rick can tackle off the margin question.
William S. Demchak: Part of -- you've got to remember, a big chunk of our focus has been on purchase loans. And through the course of last year, we actually didn't focus very aggressively at all on refinance even within our own portfolio because we want to build that purchase franchise. So we may have a slightly different circumstance than some of the bigger guys.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, the one comment I'd make, Matt, we won't declare victory at $700 million. So we're going to get as much as we can get out of the company here and stay focused on it. That's just kind of the number we have out there right now, but it's not a stepping-stone goal.
William S. Demchak: It's hard to look out very far. I mean, remember, in the last year, in particular, as we've built out the Southeast, we had a lot of investment in people, in facilities, that cost last year in particular. Now we carry those -- that run rate forward, so it'd be higher than it otherwise might be. We also, through time, and will continue to spend on risk management initiatives as it relates to Basel II and CCAR and core infrastructure, but I don't know that we'd see that accelerating.
William S. Demchak: Well, if the revenue environment stays challenging, and I expect it will. You're going to see us continue to focus on it. We'll see what the end result of that is. But beyond kind of the comments we've got out, that Rick's put out there, on the $700 million and the flat to down, that's probably the best we can forecast at this point.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But you have to go back and remember that we became a Basel II-mandatory bank much later than most of the other people who had to report it. So in our own internal numbers, certainly early on, our variance around our estimate was probably wider than we would've liked, which is why it took us a while to disclose it. Through time, we're just kind of narrowing the variance on that expectation. But Rick's right: It -- we'd like to think that we're still conservative, but it can move both ways.
William S. Demchak: We could just answer yes to all of the above. A couple of sound bites: In the smaller balanced stuff, so think this as banking and commercial, it's interesting, the spread compression on new stuff has largely kind of stopped. I mean, it's down a couple quarter-to-quarter. And what we're seeing is actually extension in terms and weakening structures to why we're losing deals on the small side where guys are going out 10 years now. You've seen it on indirect auto, right? The banks have been on fire and growing balances there. We grew balances pretty aggressively last year. We're reaching the point now where we're willing to give up volume here because the spread levels have kind of gotten down to the point where our returns on equity are basically at the margin. In the larger commercial side where things need to be syndicated, let's leave out leveraged loans for a second, things are -- they're tightening but structures are still same. And for these to go to a handful of banks, it's still decent value on that, still decent spreads and asset base. We've seen compression in real estate but thus far not to the point where I would be worried about it. Perhaps starting to see some of that multi-family projects that are coming on. But it's getting tight. People are chasing assets. There's no yield on securities. And they're going to chase loans, it's not a surprise. And what we do when that happens is we'll gradually change our focus from new loan balances to cross-sell and harvest all the new clients that we added over the last couple of years, which we're pretty good at.
William S. Demchak: It means that nothing is back to where it was on '05 on a spread or structure side. We're gradually grinding our way lower, but we're not through the threshold of where we would see, for the most part, decent -- still decent returns on credit. And there's different pockets. The very -- the commodity-like corporate loan where there's nothing special about it, one bank can take it down without syndicating it. That's where you see most of the pressure. Or a stand-alone real estate loan, CMBS market is back and putting competition into that. Where we -- the thing that we did well with all through last year and this quarter is our specialty lending activity whether it's our asset-based lending, some of the activities we have in real estate, our equipment finance activity, public finance, the securitization activity that kind of has left the capital markets, it can come back on balance sheet. Our growth is coming from those areas, which differentiates us, and not so much where we're seeing a real strong competition in the plain vanilla product. But even the plain vanilla isn't back to where it was in '05 where it just -- it got pretty silly.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Fourth quarter, they -- the pipeline kind of got cleaned out as people were raising ahead to get deals done prior to the uncertainty on what was going to happen with taxes. And the one thing to remember about our derivative activity: it basically goes along with our new loan activity, right? So we're not -- we don't cover traders and hedge funds and so forth. We cover corporations, and they hedge loans. So when loan activity is robust and syndications are robust, you'll see our derivative income be the same.
William S. Demchak: It's different story in each bucket. I think education lending is self-explanatory. I think, in card, we just saw less utilization as we turned the year. Some of that's seasonal. Indirect grew but at a slower pace than we saw last year. And the business banking area was kind of a wash between origination and runoff, which we'll continue to see on the acquired books. I guess some equity was more or less flat again.
William S. Demchak: We have guys scrambling through sheets here. So I'm not sure I can explain exactly what happened to the capital number. I think the challenge for mortgage, for us and everyone else, obviously is that, when the refi wave burns out, it's going to be -- and as you go towards that margin's decline, we're going to have to get expenses out of the business. Ultimately, long term, we believe that we can get a production level at an expense level that allows us to get a decent return out of that business. But for us and everyone else, it's going to be noise in between here and there as the business rightsizes when the refi wave ends. Do you have anything...
William S. Demchak: Yes, the breakeven on adds, and we continue to add and we'll add this year, it's running, what, Rick, 18 months on average when we bring new people into a new market. And we have history now to kind of prove that and roll forward, and we see it in our sales momentum and growth. But it's going to take a while, right? We're -- we fundamentally changed the focus we have on this business and want to materially change the size of the business. And so we've invested in people to do that. Then we've changed the folks inside the company to get the whole company to sell the product, in effect, through referrals, and we're seeing great traction on that. To be honest with you, we're really pleased with the fact that, by and large, we have been able to pay for it as we go along off of new revenue, which if you think about the number of people, I think we've added 300-plus client-facing people for the last bunch of years and managed to hold things flat. That's a pretty outstanding accomplishment.
William S. Demchak: I would tell you, we play such a tiny role inside of that. It hasn't hit my radar. The loan growth that you're seeing inside this company certainly isn't coming from that space. And to the extent we had loans that kind of looked levered or higher risk, they exist in our asset-based lending book. And they aren't, in the end, because they're secured with a monitored borrowing base. So we don't really play in that space. I suspect they put it out -- I don't know what was in it, but I'm sure they put it out because we've seen some pretty frothy terms in structure and price in the levered loan market, largely on the large corporate side, which we don't play in either.
William S. Demchak: Trends have changed my mind a little bit. I would tell you that our production numbers ought to be above '12. You get there if you simply straight-line what we did in the first quarter, so that's not a heroic assumption. The challenge is, we see margin compression. So total revenues, it'll be a fight to get them to be flat. And so that is a change. I -- frankly, we kind of underestimated the degree of difficulty in adding mortgage originators as we got into this year. The competition for people got really hot, and we basically faded off of paying that much money for new people into the company. But it ought to be -- at the end of the day, it's going to be a good performance. It's -- and the difference isn't material to PNC. It's -- just it's a little worse than I had hoped. And yes, so I was wrong.
William S. Demchak: Yes. It's interesting that, the big guys talking about market activity, they kind of said January and February were strong and March fell off. And for us, it was just the opposite. Jan and Feb for middle market was really, well, kind of scary, it was weak. And March came back pretty strong as a sales month. And that's kind of carrying here into April but not at levels that are breaking records here.
William S. Demchak: Well, look, anecdotally, I can tell you that we're growing, as you saw, from households to corporate clients, wealth clients and through-the-door, and we're selling them more products. We don't have accurate metrics at this point as you think about the changes that are going on in that client base because we continue to run off loans that just aren't core to what we would want to hold as we grow new customers and then cross-sell their existing customers that we do on a whole. So progress is good anecdotally, and we need to work on being able to come up with better metrics longer term.
William S. Demchak: Well, it is a concern, but they're unrelated. And in terms of -- we're basically holding the price, so that's going to cause volumes to decline, notwithstanding, I guess, March was kind of the best in 5 or 6 years in auto production. But the CFPB's look-through to dealers on disparate impact and whether or not dealers are charging unfairly the markup on top of our price, that'll have to play out. And it's something that we, in effect, are being asked to police. And so I think the whole industry is waiting to see how that plays. We, of course, try to monitor that with our dealers, but this is kind of unknown territory as to how it plays out, and we're watching.
William S. Demchak: Well, it affects how we choose dealers, but it always has, right? So in some ways that the CFPB kind of coming out and making this statement, I'd like to think that we were pretty good in our dealer selection that we work with through history to take that sort of thing into account.
William S. Demchak: So we got to execute. And we're not changing the direction we were going in. We've got to execute on the Southeast and build that out to a sustainable size and turn it into look and feel like the rest of PNC's markets. We'll continue on the wealth and investing initiative. We continue to build a sustainable and profitable mortgage business. And then long term, and this is over years and years, is the rebuild and rethink of the retail business as it relates to changing profitability, changing demographics and changing technology. We've got to get that right. And then finally, near term, the expense initiative that we have in the company as we grind our way through, what is a slower economy and low interest rates. I -- people shouldn't expect to see a change in direction of PNC beyond executing the best we have on the table today. And we're well set up to do that.
William S. Demchak: It's pretty geographically dispersed. I don't know that there's a particular region of the country that would stand out in terms of where growth is coming from. And while it's bucketed inside of C&I, the growth that we're seeing in pure C&I is really in asset-based lending, which while C&I related is kind of a specialty product and something that we've gained a lot of share and credibility in. And we've seen less growth in traditional corporate revolvers, certainly in terms of utilization, even though we've grown clients. Real estate balances, Rick, you may have a better number, but we -- because we got into the projects early 3 years ago, we will see balances grow simply through utilization increase as they finish out the projects. And we continue to see balanced growth in equipment finance, which is spread pretty much across the footprint as well.
William S. Demchak: I mean, they are trending extremely well. I don't know if it's -- is it better than expected. I think it's certainly better than through cycle, which is probably true, which is what you're seeing in all the others' statistics as well. But the one place I would tell is that we're probably potentially even too conservative is in card, where we don't have enough people that revolve balances. Our people are basically paying the -- paying off their real high FICO. And we could probably tend to take a little bit more risk there than we're doing today. But the rest of it, I mean, look, I think all the consumer delinquencies at this point are kind of below cycle levels, at least as it relates to new production.
