Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you’ve seen, we accomplished a lot in the second quarter and most important was the closing of the acquisition of BBVA USA on June 1. Obviously this created a fair amount of noise in our reported results adding one month of BBVA USA operating results and the impact of purchase accounting adjustments as well as merger-related impacts. Rob's going to take you through all of that in a couple of minutes, but putting those things aside, we had a pretty good quarter driven by solid net interest income, strong fee growth,, continued improvements in credit quality and announcement of higher capital returns. While loans increased primarily due to the acquisition, we did have spot loan growth from both consumer and C&I in the legacy PNC balance sheet. We've seen loan utilization rate stabilized within our corporate institutional banking business. However, they remain near historic lows and while new loan approvals have rebounded actually to the highest level in a couple of years that's been offset by continued pay downs. Within the legacy -- within the PNC legacy consumer book, we saw loans grow in the quarter, which was encouraging and we're confident that strong economic growth is ultimately going to drive strong loan growth, but it remains an open debate as to the timing of that loan growth relative to the second half of '21 and into '22. During the quarter, we continued to deploy excess liquidity through $10 billion of net security purchases. Going forward and considering the significant recent rally in treasuries will be disciplined as we look to reduce our elevated cash position. You saw that our results underscore the strength of our balance sheet and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders following the results we announced a 9% increase in our quarterly common stock dividend and a $2.9 billion share repurchase program. Importantly, we're well positioned with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our customers and invest in our businesses.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, for sure, so we'll be able to introduce our new commercial clients who BBVA USA to Harris-Williams if they haven't already been introduced.
Bill Demchak: And some natural conversion to solution centers, foundational branches which we, to your point Dell we've been doing.
Bill Demchak: Do you follow that my event, it's, it's simple. We layered on a less efficient organization on top of us and it's causing them out to be what it is. That's a legacy PNC business is kind of a target for what we said. And then the opportunity set is to drive, the new organization down to, to the level of efficiency. Yeah, we're better.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. The issue on technology, I mean, think about look we're 80% of the way along where we would like to be in terms of what I would just call a modern platform across everything from data centers to the way we develop, to the way we do automated testing and deploy and so on and so forth. So we're pretty far along. I think what happens down the road with technology is much more about client facing technology and the ability to compete effectively in the new ecosystem of fintechs and where payments are going and all of that stuff. And we're prepared for that. We're going to invest hard into that. We have the core technology behind us to allow us to play in that space, but that's where the fight is going to be. And I think that game is just getting started.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the good news inside all of that is we're actually winning a lot of clients and we're extending facilities at a pace beyond that. where we've been for a bunch of years. The problem is they're just not drawing under the credit facility. So we're, we're, we're in a good place for, for, when loan demand comes back and we continue to grow client share, and we see that by the way, on the fee growth that we're getting through TM and other activities picked up again. 
Bill Demchak: You asked to the second -- on the first issue, you should just assume that we look at all the same stuff that you do. I am not going to give you area of the country when you look and you’ve seen us through time make decisions based on value creation for shareholder so that may or may not mean additional geographies and may or may not mean filling in an existing geography. It will very likely mean we'll continue to do small add-on acquisitions that give us product capability of clients. The executive order looking at competition amongst banks, it's a practical matter that would actually have to change for the bank approval process to change would be more about the feds rules on approving mergers than I think it would be coming out of what President Biden's order. I'm not expert on it, but I think it is safe to say that a larger deal in today's environment would get much more political scrutiny and noise than we did with the BBVA deal that weighs on us.
Rob Reilly: Thank Bill good morning, everyone. As Bill just mentioned and notable during the second quarter, we successfully completed our acquisition of BBVA USA, significantly expanding our footprint which now includes growth market throughout the Sun Belt region. Our balance sheet is on Slide four and is presented on a spot basis while we typically cover our average balance sheet that will focus this quarter on spot balances due to the timing of the June 1 closing of the acquisition.
Rob Reilly: Well, it's the margin it's going to matter, but it's extended over a bunch of years. We're not -- we're not going to sell portfolios or -- or rapid exit. So, through time we will mature things and those balances will likely run off from certain industries, as we grow bounces from, from other target industries, but that stretches over, 2, 3, 4 years.
Rob Reilly: It's at the margin, right. It just adds a larger network of potential clients and conversations. So, yes, now they obviously are in all of these markets to some already, but now we have more clients and will therefore have more dialogue, so I would expect it well.
Rob Reilly: I'm trying to think of the simple way to answer this. So long story short there's room on the dividend on our forward income. We were in a bit of a fire drill because, we, we managed to close the deal a month sooner than we thought, which meant that we kind of had CCAR results in the deal closed, which then threw us into the fire drill to figure out what we could do and I'm not going to say in a hurry, but on short notice which is what we did and coloration acceleration of kind of what we've thought. So, so there's room on that. certainly as we go forward and we just thought it was important to get something done and not miss this cycle which is, which is what we acted on.
Rob Reilly: I'm sorry. We said for years that we expect, with this model and this business mix that a 40% to 50% payout ratio on the dividend is in our target range.
Rob Reilly: I wouldn't focus so much on branches as I would on clients. So in the future, could you see us do smaller deals in market to gain greater share? Possibly now the values today just seemed way too high to me, but possibly, but the purpose of that wouldn't be to get branches per se, instead it would be to get clients and then we would optimize the branch network and was we did with RBC after the fact.
Rob Reilly: Well, I guess first off as you saw we went at it pretty aggressively before we saw the, the, the, the big rally here. We still have a lot of liquidity. We barely put it down in our liquidity, even after writing the check for BBVA. So we're still very asset sensitive. Having said that the recent rally is going to cause us to slow down and be more tactical than we had, we had been during the last quarter and w we'll watch how this plays out. I personally believe that that, that the current rally is way overdone and I don't fully understand it. And we're likely to, or not likely we will slow down relative to what we saw in the last quarter.
Rob Reilly: The math takes you there. The question is simply a function of it, when we look out to '22 function that tailing integration costs as to whether you see it what period of time you'll actually see it, but the map takes you there. Once we get the costs out of the BBVA franchise and what we would expect that revenue environment to look like.
Rob Reilly: Well, I just, the short term one, they I'm glad you asked that question, Mike, cause at first raid, you might conclude that, but that's not what we're saying, what we're saying in the guidance for full year with revenues percentages going up less than expense percentages. That's simply the overlay of the BBVA USA acquisition six months into our results. They are, they have a higher efficiency ratio. So that's, if you think about it, that's that largely the opportunity there. And PNC standalone we said at the beginning of the year, it was going to be stable. We were going to fight for a positive operating leverage, halfway through revenues up low single digits expenses are up low single digits, so we're still fighting. And as I mentioned in my comments prior to the Q&A, we're going to keep fighting until, I don't know if you want to do that long-term.
Rob Reilly: And we'll start to extend the metaphor the games going into explaining technology is going to be around for a while.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I look, I don't know. I don't have an informed view. It's, it's hard to figure out what other people are actually doing. If I just think about our ideal state compared to where we are. PNCs ideal state might be different than some plus somebody else's spires to, I still see us with certain applications that, that need to be re-engineered to, to kind of be plug and play through API. Other people may or may not care about that. So you we're, we're playing our own game. Our goal obviously is to, to be able to use technology as an advantage, not just in terms of cost, but also in terms of speed of market and creativity as to what we can offer to clients and we're well on our way right there.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey, John, it's Rob and I can give you a little bit of color there. The generally speaking utilization rates were up a little bit quarter over quarter, though, not much where we are seeing continued growth that we started to see as green shoots in the first quarter is in our business credit to asset base book. Real growth there that is encouraging because that tends to be a leading indicator of, of loan demand. So that's, that's largely where we've seen the growth. But on the margin, we would expect to see in terms of getting to where strong loan growth would be coming more utilization across the, the general middle market book which has yet to show up.
Rob Reilly: There a lot there Scott. We in fact in the first quarter, we had said we call the drop in NIM. We're still holding that and I do think NIM will drift higher not necessarily by a lot, but I think we've seen the bottom.
Rob Reilly: Well our day one was 154, not 145 and that was standalone and then if you do some of the math you'll find that BBVA day one we're going to be a little bit higher on average. So as we said and to clearly answer that question if you consider those times normal back to normal would be somewhere in that neighborhood.
Rob Reilly: There's a lot embedded in that question. I mean that the basic service structure, so what happens in a branch, the applications the product delivery, all of that stuff, basically will be done by the end of this year. Right, so the real question then becomes, how do we get the client penetration and growth rates in the newer markets. the fee penetration to, to grow to legacy PNC markets. And what we found in RBC is in some of those newer markets that, that took are somewhere around three years, I guess, Rob, we expect it'll be faster. Today first, because BBVA actually had a reasonable book of business that we could cross sell into immediately. And secondly, we just kind of have a better playbook. We've been at it for a while. So we have the teams built today. They're calling today and I, I generally would expect we'd yeah, I think I'd be a little fast. And I think that the receptivity to the PNC brand is probably a little more than it was 30 years ago, so that, that helps too.
Rob Reilly: Well, we're going to do it opportunistically chart, so we will do it ideally we'll, put together, like we always have some autopilot program. And then on top of that, some discretionary piece and the discretionary piece will be that the variable obviously. That's what we've done in the past. That's what we'll continue to do. So there's some more flexibility there obviously and we'll take advantage of that.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. Hey Terry, this is Rob. Yeah, we did, we saw a lot of activity there. And most of that is just more consumer activity is that as you'd expect, as the economy comes back on track. Inside of that, where we saw particular strength was debit card spend. It is debit card spend is a big component of it. And the acceleration there was really strong. Maybe more color than you want, but what showed up this quarter or they set in debit card spends. What our team was telling us was a lot of micro purchases that had gone away. So cups of coffee and morning purchases on the, on the way to work are now part of the, part of the volume again.
Rob Reilly: Well, I would say just in terms of the color, so you got to take a look at it now, obviously with him combined form and put in a full three months of BBVA, but corporate -- corporate fees. Also, as we said earlier, showing increased activity, we are a little elevated in the second quarter because of Harris Williams, which had twice the volume of the first quarter. So you got to take that into account, but you’re mass in the right run rate place.
Rob Reilly: I think the whole product; including the business transfer services is disintermediated product. It was what we have is the same thing that other people are building and frankly doing and more scale. The key to success on it is to make sure that you have distribution receiving networks, which we do have through Latin America and Europe and that you have compliance to be able to build it. So it's a competitive space. I'm glad we have the product. I think the actual product is going to be table stakes for banks. Our ability to grow it and scale it, we're going through different use cases that bring on potential corporate disbursements and other things that we hadn't thought of before. But I think it becomes a table stakes products that started through disintermediation kind of to your original question, right? This was built outside of the banking system. BBVA just happened to have built one, that we're now integrating into our core platform. So, so we're pretty excited by it. And I think time will tell how that product evolves and who uses it.
Rob Reilly: All right. Well, very good. Thanks everybody. And we'll -- we'll see at the end of the third quarter. Thank you.
