Bill Demchak: Thanks Bill and good morning everybody. As you have seen this morning, we reported net income of $1.1 billion or $1.85 per diluted common share for the quarter with the return on average assets of 1.31%. For the first half of the year we are largely trending in line with our planning assumptions you have seen that we have grown loans by more than 5 billion and we are growing our fee businesses as planned. Credit quality continues to improve and we are managing expenses well in spite of a modest increase this quarter due in large part to seasonality. At the same time interest rates remain low and we are seeing the market moving beyond what our risk return appetite will tolerate in some asset categories and it’s been particularly true in certain parts of consumer and small business lending and on the pricing side in the corporate bank. Still in the Southeast loan and client growth basically across all lines of business continue to exceed our expectations. In retail we are on target to have completed more than 150 universal branch conversions by the end of this year and more than 300 by the end of the first quarter next year. For mortgage we focused on growing our percentage of new purchase originations as refinance activity declines for the industry and we are pleased that the new purchases were 50% of our originations in the second quarter. Having said that lower volumes and continued elevated cost structures related to foreclosure activity will continue to make this a difficult business in the near-term. Finally we continue to see strong growth in fees out of our asset management group with total non-interest income in this business up 11% year-to-date versus the first half of 2013. So on the whole we are trending as we expected through the first half. Still, we are in the same boat as all of our competitors recognizing the continuing credit quality improvement and lower provision have basically enabled us to mitigate the impact of low rates, but these conditions aren't going to last forever. The great unknown as we look towards the end of the this year and into 2015 is when credit quality will begin to normalize and whether rates will rise in time to offset the higher credit costs that will naturally be the result when this occurs. Nobody knows how this rates will play out, but we are mindful of it as we focused on delivering a differentiated customer experience in creating long-term shareholder value. To that end, we continue to strengthen our Basel III capital position in the quarter and in keeping with our previously stated intention to return more capital to shareholders we increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 9% to $0.48 per share for the second quarter of 2014. We also repurchased 2.6 common shares. And with that I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second quarter results. Thanks.
Bill Demchak: I guess some generic thoughts and I got asked this I guess in the first quarter and I think my answer wasn't going to be purposely vague. We obviously -- our program has been active and as Rob stated in his comments, we're going to continue that. We look at relative price performance, outright price performance other opportunities to deploy capital. We're in a position where we're generating more capital than we're using. So, our first, second and third alternatives are kind of capital return to shareholders through dividend and repurchase. Having said that, we are sensitive to price and value certainly the extremes. I don't think we're there now, but that's something that we'll look at through time.
Bill Demchak: No, it's simply, mathematically we had a $1.5 billion we could do, we did less than the quarter of that in the first quarter. Various reasons as to why we did less, not worth worrying about. So again just mathematically, we have the capacity within our non-objected capital plans to do more, that's all that comment that was related.
Bill Demchak: We didn’t see that -- I mean short answer is utilizations are up quarter-to-quarter largely across all lines. So we didn't -- it did hold and it went up a bit more, it didn't grow to the same extent as we saw, just at the end of the first quarter. But I think, what you see in our book is pretty consistent with some of the comments I've seen on other calls where utilization generally is up, still below historical potential. So it's not as if the economy, people are using their lines to the extent they did back in 2004 or 2005 but it's higher than it was and continues to trend up.
Bill Demchak: Just with respect to deposits that we have at the Fed in the form of excess reserves and the decline in securities, I mean it's kind of self evident. We could choose if we like the rate environment to buy level one securities as opposed to put that cash on deposit and not have an effect on our LCR calculation. Just given our view on rates and investment opportunities, we've been growing the balances at the Fed. And I guess we're bit of anomaly in the industry with our security balances shrinking and for the most part maintaining that the same de minimis convexity characteristics or put differently, we're not buying mortgages that put us at risk in a higher rate environment, and we're happy with that. The opportunity cost to foregoing some interest income today is a function of interest rates I think is a worthwhile trade relative to what will happen when rates rise.
Bill Demchak: I mean it’s a function of timing. Practically what we have in place is it relates to the southeast and growth and fees together with expense initiatives will serve us well as it relates to our efficiency ratio longer term. I can’t sort of intuit over the top of my head what the next four quarters look like with respect to rate roll down if rates don’t move at all. So I don’t know how to think about that. What we have in place though is a long-term strategy independent of rates to make this company more efficient and less dependent on net interest income and more dependent on fees. And that is playing out.
Bill Demchak: Yes that’s correct. We had some and we highlighted them in Rob’s comments. We had some that we highlighted them in Rob's comments, we had some probably non-repeatable fee items in mortgage related to frankly some scratch and debt stuff that had appreciated and we sold. So, we backed that out, we're going to, we think we can overcome that through growth in core fees quarter to quarter which leads to kind of flat result. But through time the trend lines and fees across basically all categories have been pretty strong for the last four to six quarters and we continue to play that card.
Bill Demchak: Look, I don't think it will act as a constrain at all, I mean if margin I suppose it's more expensive because I'm borrowing at Libor plus something to the extent I don't have the cash on hand. But practically if you just think of the size of the two different things, we have around $16 billion $17 billion sitting at the [Multiple speakers] capital deployment and non-objective plan is $1.5 billion and repurchase is $1 billion in dividend plus or minus. So, at the margin it impacted but practically it doesn't really enter into our banking as it relates to what we'll return to shareholders.
Bill Demchak: Boy, we’ve been waiting for it. I think off the top of my head we would have been far away from it this quarter had we chosen to carry security balances flat. We still see a drop in margin as I think through it just because of our borrowings for LCR accretion accounting and the outrage spread on loans. But we were pretty close this quarter when you back out the non-controllable and had we chosen to reinvest, we probably would have been there.
Bill Demchak: That’s right. I mean you’ve also seen the curve flattening, so with the rally and the long end over this quarter and the belly of the curve selling off which at the margin we’ve been positioned for and has helped us. At some point you’re right I mean if the curve stays just where it is forever we have some fairly long dated securities in there particularly the sub-investment credit would take a while to grind through the yields on those where we just to replace everything we have with that market rates.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That's a fair statement, I think that's an issue the whole industry faces that eventually even if you use your full, assuming you use your full allocated buyback, you get yourself to a position of without over a 100% payouts, you will continue to build capital levels in the industry. We also have and we've talked about this before that even the dividend, soft constraint at 30% of the earnings is a constraint against to your base case CCAR projections which often in our case are below what our potential to earns is. So there is a number of issues on the table, I think eventually over a 100% is possible coming from the Fed and as we've mentioned before the alternative to choosing to do that through share repurchases is through a special dividend one-time approval I don't think that happens next year, but I think mechanically that's possible as well.
Bill Demchak: I mean the next round is the next round. I would tell you that during the course of putting together this year’s plan while perhaps we were conservative under our (inaudible) we did look at the potential of how we might include these inside of that and some other things. So we think about that. I think it issue independent of what we do but my understanding of the process by the Federal Reserve is you need a pretty hard contractual context to realize that gain so if you think about our Visa situation since it is our choice and it is dependent on future price it’s tough to count that one.
Bill Demchak: We are looking at each other on what the number ought to be. I have to clarify that effort inside of retail isn’t about closing branches per se to save money, it’s about converting our contact points with clients. So, we're reducing square footage, closing certain branches, opening others that are less square footage. And we're investing a lot of that saved money into technology and digital touch points with consumers. The end result of that is our expense base basically shrinks and our interaction with our clients increases and that is a good thing. But I just want to clarify; we're not closing branches as an isolated expense saving exercise. The efficiency ratio long-term as you mentioned, particularly for retail is largely driven by the value of the deposits they generate which in turn are driven by where interest rates are and revenues again. So I mean they’re materially under earning their potentially today vis-à-vis grades, I don't know that I have a percentage as to where that ought to go through time.
Bill Demchak: I mean I would tell you that across our credit books notwithstanding some of my comments on competition and certain asset classes getting tough, the credit performance has been really good and improving largely across everything that we do. So it’s not as if we’re warning that somehow that’s going to turn around and I don’t expect that to be the case anytime in the near future. But at the same time we kind of know that we can’t persist, I love to but I don’t expect to persist to what was a 29 basis-point…
Bill Demchak: Charge off which is not going to happen. By the way I don’t expect fed funds to be zero forever. So, all we’re pointing out is those, one of those is a positive item for us in the form of rates with a lot of leverage on it for us and the other one is the negative item on normalized credit cards, that’s who we are, that’s what a bank does.
Bill Demchak: I mean Rob will pile in here, but we are generating incremental dollars of revenue, right. We’re just doing at a lower NIM than we had with loans and higher spreads and with free deposits from floated checking accounts.
Bill Demchak: Yes. You also have to remember that inside of -- so we have net loan growth, we also have re-pricings within the loan book, right. So part of the reason you see the three or four basis-point average spread compression in the loan book, it's not all the new balances that are coming on that's causing that, a lot of it is just re-pricing of existing balances through the refinancing.
Bill Demchak: I think we spent a lot of time thinking about that. I think when rates start to move in conjunction with shrinking of the fed's balance sheet, so shrinking if [QE], we are concerned about deposit flows generically across the industry. So, if fed shrinks its balance sheet, it’s going to pull deposits out of the industry. I think offsetting that somewhat is I think that the banking industry will take advantage of some of the changes in the money fund industry and actually retain balances that historically would have mode both from corporates and from individuals. The dynamics between all that are pretty complex. We spend a lot of time thinking about it. We have strategies in place to make sure that we remain core funded in our deposit profile. I think we will be able to do that, but at the same time I would tell you this will be different this time. We’re going into an environment of potentially rising rates as they drain liquidity in a way that hasn’t been attempted before.
Bill Demchak: We have been wrong on our provision guidance for four quarters running. I think it reflects the fact that we continue to look at where we are and just kind of say it can’t be this good.
Bill Demchak: Why don't I just before we get on the third quarter, one of the things that we're doing here as you think about our technology and operations streamlining agenda. We're basically using technology which eventually will give rise to greater depreciation cost. To simplify what we do and lower manual costs right people. And that will play up through time. The third quarter comment kind of relates to some stuff that we need to do near term just on increasing demands and expectations as it relates to CCAR data requirements from Fed, we just want to stay on the top of our gain as it relates to requirements of the new regulatory regeme. So, this is kind of some near term consulting health and some other things just to get some stuff over the hump.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That is the plan. I mean that the whole idea here is that we will not only have that offset but then build into our core technology and operations the ability to scale this company with positive operating leverage. One of the challenges we had was we were losing our ability to do that because of the manual intervention it took to grow things, we’re putting everything back in the expense line. Through automation, we got to be able to scale it.
Bill Demchak: Yes. But let distinguish between a couple things, Rob can maybe give you some examples. But one issue is just that the spread on what is otherwise a good loan, right so that’s a pricing issue and we’re seeing competition pretty aggressive inside of the middle market space. And by the way we could be accused of that as well, we’ll protect our existing clients where we have a lot of cross-sell by being aggressive on loan pricing. The other issue out there that concerns me more is on structure and we're seeing in small business and smaller commercial tenders extending collateral values deteriorating a lot of things going into those structures where we would just choose not to compete independent or what the price was. Consumer side we're seeing, you'll see our growth in auto has slowed, we expect that kind of continue as tenders and LTVs on car loans have worsen. So pricing we can deal with, the good loan is a good loan you don't earn as much today, but you do tomorrow to the relationship structure raises.
Bill Demchak: No we did talk about it. They are up from the first quarter which was elevated from the end of the year pretty much overall categories they are not it’s not necessarily anything to write home about they are up half a percent across different categories. Still well below their potential relative to past cycles, but the trend is good. And that increase in utilization is part of what gave rise to the loan growth this quarter.
Bill Demchak: The challenge with that measure that we disclosed in the Q assumes that we don’t actually increase our investment profile alone to 2%. So 2% and in fact saying that we would just replace what we hold today as opposed to increasing what we hold which is in fact what we would do.
Bill Demchak: Yes, essentially it's loans that we took back from whatever reason from various government agencies and cured them through time and or just through collateral values underlying the loan because the house price appreciation allowed the value of those to increase.
Bill Demchak: I don't know. You shouldn't assume anything in the middle of July without any instructions coming out of the fed or any expectations coming out of the fed as it relates to the ‘14 CCAR.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean look, we’re running at levels right now beyond what we would say is our need. So, I’ll leave that as a statement and we’ll see what plays out in the environment and where the fed comes back with next year’s process.
Bill Demchak: Danger with the continuous improvement program is because while we save the money that the better guidance is the direct guidance on what we expect expenses to do in totality in a quarter. And the comments going from second to third was we continued slight jump on the back of this automation and regulatory stuff and some seasonality we’re having in employee (inaudible).
Bill Demchak: It continues, it's important internally because it gives employees something to focus on as it relates to recycle dollars, but it’s a practical matter externally in the way you model our income statement, I would just focus on the guidance.
Bill Demchak: I mean it’s today the region as a whole contributes to the bottom line in a healthy way but it’s materially below its potential relative to what we see elsewhere if that’s what you are kind of driving at. At the same time it’s growing at a pace across every line of business that is faster than the legacy businesses. So if you are looking for longer term potential, it’s a material number to the company with a high degree of difficulty and a lot of years to play out.
Bill Demchak: I mean look at the end of the day, we are a cyclical bank inside of a cyclical industry with declining revenue that's coming on the back of spread compression rates and accretion accounting right. I can, we can control expenses, which we are doing and we can run our company. The end result of that because of the cyclical factors is our expectation and we put that up here in our guidance, it’s going to get a little worse in the third quarter. I can offset that and choose to do things that don't make long-term economic sense to us. We could grow our securities book, we could start balance sheet in mortgages, we could make that number anything you want it in the near term. I just don't think that's the right way to run a company.
Bill Demchak: Well all we're saying in the securities book. So, the disclosure around these books is not always terrific, you basically have a notional amount, you kind of have categories and then we put out an average maturity or average duration. What is missing is the convexity associated with it. So, the duration, the current duration of the current coupon mortgage is pretty short, because of prepay rates. If rates go up, it extends massively that's negative convexity. So, I could have the same notional securities book with the same average life at somebody else. And we think we have a much better risk profile, because our book is not extend in a rising rate environment of this rolled out and occur and then disappear on a low average life for others people who will extent. Same way it will appear at balance sheet in mortgages as opposed to putting up through to the agencies. That’s all we’re seeing. It’s an opportunity cuts. We could choose to take that risk. I just think that the risk return of the benefit for the probably of lower rates and being able to write down this curve versus extending in higher rates, yes, I think there is more downside than upside.
Bill Demchak: It trends the level, I mean it's going to trend, it's such a small percentage that it ought to be dwarfed by other thing.
Bill Demchak: Yes, first off, inside of our consumer balance sheet as it were, we have sort of mechanical run off in our education lending book which hits us every quarter, so that’s the old government guaranteed program that no longer exist and that just rolls down. We had environmental as a function of rate declines or flat balances inside of home equity. We have offset those with growth in credit card and auto. And on the small business side which ought to be a big piece of it, we have been kind of trending flat to down as run off in some of the non-core books from RBC and still National City are offset by new business generation. One thing, we look at risk return on all of our credit products on a relationship basis. So the notion that something yields more to us, why don’t I go chase that it’s kind of be on a loss adjusted basis. We think we have had our credit box pretty much defined and consistent for the last bunch of years and I don’t know that we are inclined to change it.
Bill Demchak: Look, we have seen, whole industry has seen just the back of strength within auto which is kind of got back to pre-crisis levels. We have seen growth in auto lending, we have seen partly as a function of our opportunity because we were underpenetrated and we have seen growth in card balances well beyond what you would expect in a normal environment. Look, and Chairman spoke about it yesterday, there is still a constraint on consumer wages notwithstanding on improved employment picture. And until that changes and consumer spending changes materially which will drive the whole account, I don't expect to see a big lift in consumer credit.
Bill Demchak: I would tell you, it's a great question and thank you for asking. Look, we are -- the things within our control that we can execute on in our strategic priorities, we feel really good about from the Southeast to the change in what we're doing in mortgage to wealth growth to the focus on cross-sell inside of C&I and importantly on our technology agenda. So we feel good about that. The environmental stuff, we would have had in our forecast rates higher today, not front end rates, but we would have the tenure higher which would have lifted the whole curve and that would head our net interest income higher than where we sit. But that I can't do anything about. The stuff that we can execute on, the company and the employees have just done a phenomenal job and I couldn't be happier with them.
Bill Demchak: No, we’ve been asked this for an hour 11, we’ve talked as much about net interest income as I can think about it. Thank you guys again for your time and your interest and we’ll see again in the third quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And John, as you know, this is Rob, as you know we can carry over that excess capacity going forward.
Rob Reilly: As far as we know right now relative to our third quarter guidance in terms of modest increases, consistent with what we've been experiencing.
Rob Reilly: No. Any Visa sales are not part of that for that guidance. What I'm saying there is that we did have some elevated gains there in the mortgage business. So the expected growth that we see in the other fee business is we look to offset that.
Rob Reilly: Well Erika, I think you can see, we continue to make progress in terms of increasing our liquidity against these proposed rules that still aren’t finalized. We've been doing that now for the better part of the last three quarters or so and you've seen the effect in terms of the NIM compression related to that which was greater in past quarters than it is now. So as you know, the final finish line is fluid, but we believe we're well positioned and then that's demonstrated by the liquidity that we generated here over the last year or so.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Just to expand on that Matt so that $19 million decline of that $15 million was securities balances related.
Rob Reilly: Yes, this is Rob. Yes we did include that and the snick results although we don’t get specific in regard to those are not fully accounted for in our reserves.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And the only thing that I would add to that just sort of qualitatively is with the migration and more and more technology and mobile deposits and alternative channels, there are lower costs vis-à-vis the traditional teller interaction over time.
Rob Reilly: We can give several answers to the same question and obviously we're focused on it. But it's not new, it’s last several quarters, it's been a race between loan growth and the spread compression. And then in this quarter a little bit more in the race on the security side, but it's plus or minus 20 million, 40 million 1%, 2%. And I think that's the environment that we're in.
Rob Reilly: So again, you just look back at the dynamics in terms of loan growth being what helps us spread compression and rates hurting us and it's a race between those three items.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that’s right. And the only thing that I would add to that is we did have a release this quarter assuming everything, the economic conditions stay the same, we would have -- expect that further releases although not necessarily at these levels.
Rob Reilly: Hey and just to add to that just in terms of the expenses, just overall in terms of where we are. I do want to emphasize that expenses remain a focus point for us. We’ve got to good first half of the year as you can see, by the first and second quarter. We’ve got a couple of expenses specifically that Bill just talked about in the third quarter but it’s a focus point. And as I said in my opening remarks we continue to believe we’ll finish down year-over-year even with those investments.
Rob Reilly: Guys what I would add to that, I would just focus on sort of the core compression, spread compression which has been around three basis points. So that excludes the reclassification and all system purchase accounting around the yield. So I just feel right at that 3% which has been largely consistent with what we've been experiencing for the better part of the year under this, I'm sorry, three basis points which has been largely consistent with what we have been experiencing, actually a basis point lower, it's kind of around four to five.
Rob Reilly: Yes. They are different things obviously to project or forecast. We have had loan sales during the last couple of quarters. What I wanted to point out was that the second quarter rather in our judgment had elevated levels around that.
Rob Reilly: Yes, that's right, that's right. The distinction as it's between fee income and then total other non-interest income or a total non-interest income which includes other; Visa is in the part of the other.
Rob Reilly: Yes, I think that's accurate. Yes, It's an annual program. We continue to do, continue to go after expense savings part of that program and even beyond that. So we would expect to get savings in the third quarter from our continuous improvement programs.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Of course that's hard to answer definitively, because the final rules aren’t established. But what I said in previous earnings calls and I’ll say here is we believe the majority of the work is behind us and the majority of the NIM compression is behind us and you can see that late fourth quarter, I think it was something like 7 basis points of compression and then it was four and now it’s three. So we’re close here and the majority of the work is behind us.
