Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, John. Good morning. It’s Rob. So just a couple of things. In terms of the composition of the growth, we were pleased with the loan growth that was predominantly on commercial side. I think the -- when I talked about those three categories, I think the traditional cash flow category was very strong in contrast to what you were talking about the second half of 2018. And that was just increased activity across our commercial markets, very strong in legacy markets and the expansion in growth markets. So we feel good about that. As far as the full year guidance, we’ve guided to 3% to 4% growth. We had average growth of 1% here in the first quarter itself. We're tracking to that range and I think we feel good about where we are but it’s a little early and premature to change the full year outlook.
Rob Reilly: Let me start. Well Betsy, so as you know, the proposals were encouraged by the proposals, five key items there, two of which are a lot of work for us that you are not as interested in the elimination of the advanced approaches and then the possible elimination of the midyear [DFAS] [ph] for us. More meaningful in your interest would be the other three areas. One is the ability to opt out of AOCI, we will examine that. Secondly, the refinement to send in threshold deductions which for us is particularly meaningful because of our BlackRock stake. And then the third is the potential to reduce the LCR requirements from a full approach to a modified approach somewhere between 70% and 85%. So early for us. We are encouraged by all of that. We see potential in that for us. But until they're all approved, we don’t have a firm answer for you.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that’s fair and we affirmed our full year guidance. So you can do the math to get to 1.5% to 2% and first quarter, we're tracking to that. So that’s very fair.
Rob Reilly: Yes, so I just think it starts with your first question here in terms of the positive operating leverage which is what -- that’s our primary goal. Our guidance was for expense growth on the low end of the single-digit range which is where we are and I expect that to be the case going forward. It could direct higher if revenues go higher which would be a good thing, but then that just gets back to the operating leverage point.
Rob Reilly: I think for the net interest income goals, not much, because the rate increase that we had built in was September and the curve has been flat for a little while, maybe a little bit more. So not so much on the NII, more so on the NIM, even though we don't have official NIM guidance it puts -- flat yield curve puts more pressure on the NIM.
Rob Reilly: Well, we don’t have ROE targets, Erika, as you know. We're encouraged in terms of the direction that you just summarized and would see our returns going up. We have a lot of E, as you know, and some of these proposed tailoring that might affect some of that. So we've always said in terms of what CET1 ratio do we need to run, we have always said around 8.5%, that indicates for the last handful of years that could come down a little bit following the proposed rules, but 8.5% is the best number that we have today.
Rob Reilly: Yes, so Ken, in the first quarter actually we were -- what were buying was accretive to the yields as the curve has flattened out here in the latter half of the linked quarter, we’re a little bit below.
Rob Reilly: Yes, so the outcome won't be a dramatic change. But the point to your question is the curves flattened out, so we're a little bit below now on our purchases.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that’s right and then obviously a big variable is the deposit betas and the cost of those deposits.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, Kevin. This is Rob. No, nothing in terms of broad themes. Our provision was about guidance this quarter in large part because of the growth. But then a handful of specific credits that don't really had any common theme, the manufacturing that you see in the supplement there, there’s a couple of names but that’s one of our largest book, that’s over 20 billion in loans there. So no broad theme, it’s just you get a little quarterly volatility working off of these lower levels and in any given quarter a couple names could go on, a couple of names could go off and that’s the variance that we experience.
Rob Reilly: But again, so -- it's such a function off of these lower levels. When you take a look at our reserves to loan ratio, it is not almost 1.16, every quarter it is 1.16.
Rob Reilly: Yes. And Gerard I’ll just add -- it’s Rob, clearly investment is a big component of our spend. But in sort of the short-term it is about the operating leverage. So provided that revenues are growing, we're okay with expenses growing especially if they are part of that revenue. So we have great fee businesses that have higher efficiency ratio and we’d like to grow those as much as we can.
Bill Demchak: Almost don’t even know how to answer that. I like my job here, I like our company, I like our prospects, I like the people I work with, I like our clients, I like our communities and I will end by career here. Beyond that, I’m not going to speculate on successes or failures at our competitors.
Bill Demchak: It’s almost an unanswerable question. I mean I think the crack in the credit markets in the fourth quarter, Betsy, had to have helped on some of the volume that we saw at standalone market. But at the same time we saw pick up in utilization which would be totally independent of that. And we continue our pace just gathering new clients. So I think we will see what the future brings here. But we have seen for whatever reason the slowdown and pay downs and the uptake in the utilization and greater client growth, stronger retention, yes.
Bill Demchak: Yes. What we said -- and again this is just an estimate, we said in combination that it could add as much as 1% to our capital ratio, and that’s an estimate but that gives you a rough sense of the lift.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I think you have a bunch of moving parts you need to think about. The flattening o the rally in the long end obviously impacts the yield at which we put our fixed rate assets and as those assets rolled on a curve and mature were now either making loans or investing in securities at a lower yield in the existing book. Having said all of that, the average life of our fixed rate assets is five years plus or minus. So it takes a long time for that to show up in the income statement and in NIM. The other thing is, we had a -- in our original forecast a rise in fed funds later in the year. But at the same time, we would've had commensurate expectations of deposit repricing which obviously fall away and remains to be seen what happens to betas here but if we're really on this sort of whole pattern, if what we’ve seen through the first quarter holds, we will see less pressure on betas than what we might have expected when we started the year. And the final point of course is as it relates to total net interest income, all of those factors are dwarfed by our ability to continue to grow loans that makes sense for -- in our risk bucket.
Bill Demchak: Both, I think towards the end of a rate cycle historically you might have seen betas actually accelerate to the extent that, that funds were much higher than where they are today. In this environment at least for the last bit of time in our expectations, we don't necessarily -- we're going to say they are going to go up a little bit, total cumulative beta but not necessarily the spike you would have seen at the traditional end of rate cycle. Our newer markets basically are -- have been sort of stable on our price offerings since the last hike and would likely stay there. In terms of success of the effort, I guess I would say a couple of things. The first is, you dial up or down deposit balances of almost any size you want by being top of the price paid chart, particularly as a new entrant because you're not repricing your existing deposits on those platforms. We're spending more time today -- our deposits today are somewhere over $1 billion but to be honest with you we spend more time ...
Bill Demchak: National digital, yes. We're spending more time, I’m going to use the word experimenting, but maybe that’s right, trying different strategies as it relates to the effectiveness of marketing dollars, pricing, activation, many other things we want to learn as we sort of accelerate the rollout of this into additional markets. I’m so less worried about what the balances are doing day-to-day, more interested in the activation of accounts and the usage of accounts.
Bill Demchak: Well to be clear on that, what we do every year in terms of sort of our targeted numbers as we solve for it as a function of the outcome of the fed’s severe or own severe stress outcome, we're doing that -- we've been doing that basically since the beginning. What's interesting is we go forward with the tailoring proposals as that outcome would likely drive or potentially drive our needed capital ratio to a level that would actually be below in my view where we would operate vis-à-vis the buffer to 7%. So what do I mean by that? Let's say that the math says, on my old math that I could actually run all the way down to 7.5% or even 7% in a quarter as a practical matter we wouldn’t run there because a well capitalized is 7%, you're going to need to run some buffer above that simply for optics if no other reason but also for fear of ever breaking in a adverse economy. So we're going to have -- as these tailoring rules come out, we're going to have to have a hard look at that. The issue on return on equity, we have a -- we can sit and parse our return against peers 50 different ways but Rob’s point is right, the biggest differentiation between us and others is we carry a lot of E. We also have a less goodwill. So on a tangible basis, we don’t have other assets that are effectively earning without a capital.
Bill Demchak: And so be it. So I think it’s very long answer to your question but the basic notion is let's grow the company on a healthy basis year-over-year being conscious of risks, be the firm that outperforms, so in the risk stress would be able to take advantage of that with a fortress balance sheet when it happens. We have done that for years, we will continue to do it.
Bill Demchak: So you’re basically saying what are you going to do on capital return and I don’t want to -- we just submitted CCAR, so we will leave specifics out of it, but a couple of guiding principles. The first one is that we see very strong value in our shares today and see value in buying back our shares today, see value in providing a healthy dividend through time to our investors. I would tell you that there are prices in multiples of tangible at which we would slow down our buyback, we’re not there yet today but there are prices where that would happen and you could potentially see our capital buffer build in those instances simply because more often than not when you get the lofty levels on multiples to tangible book, there is some downturn looming that you can put that capital to work at a much better prices. But for where we are today our intention would be to drive that ratio down and return capital to shareholders.
Bill Demchak: Nothing has changed, the SunTrust BB&T merger I think makes great sense for them and I think there is a set of competitors kind of waking up to the challenge of what it means to have scale particularly on technology spend as we get into a consolidated market. I think we've already done that spend. We already have that capability. We have the ability to grow organically. I don't value in acquisitions, particularly at today price, anything on the small side simply because of not the least of which because of prices but also just because if we take eye off the ball just doesn’t make sense and doesn’t change our outcome strategically. You will continue to see us look and execute on product or technology ads that aren’t major in scale but make a difference to the offerings we have to our clients. If there is a market disruption, if there is a crack in credit which we don't see today but if there is, you would see us use capital to take advantage of that.
Bill Demchak: As we’ve done in the past. But as of now we think we have a really strong hand to play just pursuing our organic growth.
Bill Demchak: Yes, I mean -- if you look at -- if you just look all our sequel, we have seen since the fourth quarter, I don’t know, 35 basis point rally and I’ll write swap yields in five years a little bit more than that in 10 years. And eventually again all else equal on risk that will show up through our fixed asset yields, that delta through time. It’s a long period of time that, that will …
Bill Demchak: We're -- I mean in effect we went into this -- and hindsight is 2020 but we went into this as a sense of ever short in effect, under invested. I still am a disbeliever in firm rates but they are where they are and all else equal we made a mistake on that. Having said that, we're not going to invest into this type of yield curve, we will kind of maintain where we are and watch it play out.
Bill Demchak: Yes, you’re going to -- it wouldn’t shock us to see NIM drop a couple of basis points as we move through the course of the year. There are so many things that move around inside of that as it relates to asset spreads as well and what we buy. But all else equal, yes, NIM should drop 1 or 2 basis points as securities and fixed rate loans roll down and we replace them at lower yields. There is a lot of stuff that would be on the other side of that, we’ll have to wait and see.
Bill Demchak: One of the things that is probably masked this a little bit in the past is simply recoveries certainly starting out in the crisis when they were very high and basically we’ve kind gotten to a place at this point where recoveries has trended off, corporates are largely operating at the rating level they want to achieve. And so we have less sort of upgrades as people get back to where they are and we have the traditional business of growing loans which is causing provision to slow a little bit.
Bill Demchak: None on a single default. I think all else equal, we’re running at a charge off ratio that is unsustainable. So yes through time you would expect through the cycle charges to be higher. By the way, ours and everybody else as everybody keeps saying the same thing. Bizarrely, I don’t know that that’s what we're seeing this quarter but through time you will see a gradual increase. This quarter was more so than anything else just driven by growth which will take every time and by the way if you find that hard to stomach, wait till CECL comes along. And you see the impact from loan growth in your quarterly provision. But now there is nothing in there that’s bothering us at this point.
Bill Demchak: Still early on at this and we’re not spending huge dollars on it but I want to get sort of results that we can bucket that show our progress once we get a very clear go-to-market strategy around of each these new markets but we do that.
Bill Demchak: Gerard, the issue here, we don’t mange to an efficiency ratio but we could drive that number down quickly and materially by basically burying our heads in the sand and saying that we are not going to try to survive this digital onslaught of what is happening in retail banking. And bluntly many of our peers are shrinking themselves to greatness and not investing in what is an aggressively consolidating industry, whose share at this point going to the largest players largely on the back of great offerings. I want to be one of those people with great offerings and a larger player that consolidates across this country. And to do that we need to continue to invest which we’ve been doing aggressively for the last seven or eight years. So we could stop doing that and show you metrics for the next couple of years that looked great and I think in the course of doing so we would seal our fate. So our focus here is on intelligent organic growth, good risk-adjusted return for shareholders and we think we have a real opportunity to do that inside of an industry that is just going through transformational change right now. So long story short that will be an outcome, not a targeted number.
Bill Demchak: Yes. My best guess is I’d play this whole thing through, as you can imagine I do this most nights when I’m struggling to sleep. I think what happens is you will see and you heard me talk about, this change in the income statement whereby you will see occupancy costs drop, you will see which has already happened, you will see technology costs go up, you will see the marginal cost of deposits increase as the price paid for digital offerings in an effect in footprint physical offerings if there’s such a thing merge through time. You are going to see banks in their existing networks, expand in MSAs if they don’t operate it today. And my best guess is our efficiency ratio doesn’t change materially through time as much as our total E increases, as we grab share across this consolidating market. It depends on so many things but I think the cost to marketing, the cost and ability to move deposits are going to offset the gains you get by otherwise using technology and removing physical plans …
Bill Demchak: Yes. So the gross metrics don’t change but the line items in the income statement do and I think growth potentially accelerates materially in the out years as this industry consolidates.
Bill Demchak: And the final thing I will say because I am not -- we're not obviously indifferent to the amount of money we spend and we're very good at managing expenses. We go into our budgeting process every year and we don't talk about necessarily what are the new investments we want to make as much as we talk about $1, what is the $10.5 billion, whatever the number is that we're going to spend this year and build up from a base. So we take the management of expenses very seriously. But inside of that we're aggressive at wanting to be able to maintain the investment necessary to ensure our place and when I think is going to be consolidating market and we’ve been doing that, you will see us continue that.
