William Demchak: It’s a good question. Basically what happened is that the spread between one-month and three-month LIBOR gapped out particularly in March wider than it's historically run. I guess it's a 35, 34 basis points today, and historically, it might have been half of that. So all else equal in our forecast of NII, we wouldn't assume that you'd see that gap. The issue is -- today, it is as wide as any time it's been in history other than the financial crisis. And a lot of people are writing that, that basis will collapse back in. We'll have to wait and see. I think there some pressures causing that as a function of the revamp of the money market industry coupled with some implications from this big tax provision that is in the new federal tax code. So we are going to have to wait and see. If it doesn't change, we can -- and we'll probably do this anyway, we can start swapping our wholesale funding to our banknotes into one-month just to get the basis mismatch between our loans and funding closer. But that price will be embedded in that swap, so we'll have to see -- wait and see, what happens.
William Demchak: Yes. I think our own performance kind of mirrors what you see in the NHA data where you saw a decent pickup in March and we're seeing that in our pipeline, so I don't know what the anomaly was in Jan, Feb other than all the busywork everybody did prior to that tax getting enacted. So all else equal, I would kind of say that March is the norm and Jan, Feb were the anomalies and that should set us up well for the rest of the year. The one exception to that, and I mentioned this, was in real estate, where we've just seen pricing structure get to a place where it's kind of beyond our risk tolerance and versus our historical growth in that sector were most certain to be slower.
William Demchak: Yes. Now the shift this quarter on commercial is more of a seasonal effect of commercial deposits. It's sort of running down. We would actually expect them to come back. As you know, they don't help us particularly with LCR, so it's not quite as important as to what – versus what we do in the consumer side.
William Demchak: Pretty consistent, John, with what we've been seeing in terms of more of the savings and the relationship-driven deposits which we've been pursuing for the better part of the last year, so that trend continues.
William Demchak: Yeah. That's kind of the million dollar question. So internally, this – you've heard us talk about this before. We always work towards the endpoint on a severe stress as opposed to the starting point of what our capital is. And we've talked historically about a target capital state in CET1 of 8.25% to 8.5%. That number being driven historically by our own estimate of what a severe stress would look like. An issue for us is as we approach that number, if the Fed goes from a relatively benign severe stress perhaps as they did last year versus a much more severe stress perhaps as they did this year, you have to change your buffer on-the-fly, which causes you to then have volatility, as you point out, in your repurchases year-on-year. And I don't know how that plays out through time as a function of what scenarios they come up with. But it's one of the things that we need to solve for us as we work through the next year.
William Demchak: Sorry, our earn-back. I mean, I would tell you that we look at it sort of multiple ways. But on an IRR basis, we're today, probably fairly tight. We look at that. We look at where we are price-to-book. We look at what we think our forward earnings potential is which potentially offset those other two issues. I don't know that I've actually talked about an earn-back period internally.
William Demchak: Well, what we've seen, you saw in March, I think C&I hit record levels actually. So there is increasing stock in effect of C&I loans out there. But inside of that, we continue, both through differentiated product and then through an effect to new markets and kind of harvesting some of the new markets that we've been in, we've been able to sort of outpace peers. And we would expect that to continue with the one exception, I mentioned, of real estate. I don't know what peers are going to do. But that market is increasingly tight. We wouldn't expect to see the growth rates we have in the past.
William Demchak: Yes. It's interesting. When you think through all the noise this quarter, they actually had a pretty decent quarter in C&I. We had a big drawdown in mortgage warehousing as I said and still managed to grow spot.
William Demchak: No. No. It's -- the retail strategy will progress but it will start as a deposit gathering exercise. What we think will be attractive returns for us because we don't have the brick-and-mortar costs and we'll have an ability to pay somewhat above what we pay in existing markets. We will augment that offering with loan offerings in all of our products through time. But you should expect that it will start out as deposit and sort of migrate over time.
William Demchak: Yes, anecdotally. So deal on deal and certain behaviors would suggest that people are willing to cut price as a function of the after-tax ROE. And the competition for sort of plain vanilla C&I loans was tough in the first quarter in terms of price. So I think that is starting to show its end, much less so in any of that special…
William Demchak: It's interesting. It's on the most generic one bank and hold the whole deal C&I loans, which is kind of the craziest place, in my view, to start competing away price because you still have the risk associated with the loan and your actual -- we had this discussion a quarter ago, your lost distribution on an after-tax basis causes you to actually have hold more capital again such thing.
William Demchak: So it kind of surprises me. I would expect to see more competition on deposit pricing and on fee-based services in terms of giving some of the excess margin back. And I don't think we've seen that at all.
William Demchak: Some amount of that and I think it's also we have whatever the number is 5500 depository institutions in this country, many of which don't have much to offer beyond loans, so that's a product they compete with. And as you go downsize in loans, or something that can hold entire loan, you run into that group. It's less – it's not happening on the big syndicated loans. It's not happening on asset base or anything that takes where there's only really a handful of credible players.
William Demchak: Yes. So the success we've had in newer markets, obviously, brings up the desire to do more. The list we have on digital things that we want to rollout in consumer, but also importantly in C&I and the TM space is quite large. So there's a lot of asks on the table, the things that make a lot of business sense that I think differentiate us longer term. Some of it is product-based, some of it is market expansion-based, some of it is investment, in effect, consumer service, the speed of which we can do fulfillments and the ease of which we can serve consumers, which would offer a differentiated product to our customers, so there's a lot. And you've heard me talk about this before. We didn't feel like we starved our firm for investment through the lower rate environment. We invested pretty, pretty heavily, which was a good thing. And we’re at a place now where that ask has sort of accelerated as I guess is what I'm seeing in the strategic planning session this season.
William Demchak: Yes. And part of that is we're now spending an ever increasing percentage of our tech budget on consumer facing applications as opposed to building and running…
William Demchak: Things have to be simple. They have to be fast. They have to be coordinated. Customer information needs to be consolidated. It needs to be in one place. All of that stuff, you can't really execute unless you have a core backbone kind of that allows you to do it.
William Demchak: Well, without naming cities, maybe I'd just let – you could name them yourselves. And in fact, we look for cities that we are not in that have target corporate population that kind of matches off against our product suite and expertise. And when we started this exercise, we were less than half, I think, of the large markets that have C&I opportunities.
William Demchak: Through time, we would hit most of them. I don't know what time means, but we've had success and we will keep rolling out as opportunity presents itself.
William Demchak: Well, I mean, let's look at the Southeast, I guess, as maybe the best example. So when we bought the RBC branch, is that in effect what we did although we had a branch network there. We grew balances. We met customers. But it's probably three years before we really saw the acceleration and volume pick up, and importantly, cross-sell with fee-based products. In the newer markets that we've just entered, they don't cost that much money. We get to breakeven pretty quickly; a couple of big deals and you're breakeven in a year. But before they really start to contribute, sort of on a return on capital basis, you're probably looking at that three year.
William Demchak: If we get this – just to continue, if we get this right, of course, that those investment dollars sort of are continuous. So in effect, we'll be harvesting new markets as we start other ones. So it won't be a net drain. All else equal, we have a small net drain right now because we've done six in two years.
William Demchak: That's nothing new. And we go with our A team, in the middle market and small or large corporate with a very credible, capable TM service in a leading against in all the surveys. We go with a capital markets business that is relevant to that type of client. We're not in the equity business. But we’re not trying to do equity deals for the Fortune 100. And it works for us. We win our time and a lot of these things and all the market we are already in. We go into a new market and we do the same thing.
Robert Reilly: Hey, John, I can jump in there. So, some of the increase in three-month LIBOR is fundamental to rates rising. The issue is just the gap. And that gap, as Bill mentioned, was about 35 basis points and we equate that to about $15 million or $20 million cost in the quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yes. So, good question in terms of the betas particularly on the consumer side where they've lagged. We're keeping an eye on that. Relative to last quarter, they have accelerated, so that's true. And then going into the second quarter, we do expect it to accelerate on top of that. How much remains to be seen, because a lot of that's competitive pressures, but our best estimates are built into our NII guidance.
Robert Reilly: Well, I'll just sort of – I mean, it broaden that out a little bit in terms of the Fed's proposal in terms of the changes to CCAR, which in broad measure are encouraging. We just got it Tuesday, as you know, so we're still reviewing it. But a couple of things right off the top that are helpful, obviously, are the elimination of the soft capital on dividends at the 30%. The reduction of base case capital action from the severe scenario with the exception of a year's worth of dividends, the RWA growth in the severe scenario, and then also that the elimination of the quantitative sale. So all those things, I think, worked well and are encouraging. The stress capital buffer itself, we have to review. If you take a look at our 2016 and 2017 CCAR submissions, we were below that. It remains to be seen how the Fed stresses us in this go around, we'll see. But there is an issue there around, what we call, guardrails around the scenarios, because the severe scenarios, in any given year, are going to define that stress capital buffer, which, in the past has been below 2.5%, but theoretically could be higher.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Sure, Ken. So just in terms of expenses in the first quarter, linked-quarter expenses were down low single-digits which was part of our guidance. The year-over-year, there's a couple of things going on there. First, and most prominently, first quarter 2018 expenses reflect the expenses associated with the acquisitions that you pointed out that happened subsequent to the first quarter. Most notably, the leasing company, which we acquired in the second quarter of 2017, and those expenses which are about $27 million are spread out between personnel and equipment expense, personnel because of the higher headcount, and equipment expenses because of the depreciation nature of the leasing business. So that's one. In addition, on the personnel side, we do have some increases around investments that we've made, the hourly wage increase for our retail employees that we announced at the end of the year is there, as well as some of the investments we've made in the new markets as you would expect. So personnel is a little bit higher, but year-over-year, occupancy is down, marketing is flat and all other expenses, which are a lot of categories and were a lot of our CIP program is directed, is in line. So we feel good about what we set out to do and that's why like I said, on the Continuous Improvement Program, we have high confidence that we will achieve it.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, sure. I can broaden that out for you in terms of our guidance for all the fee categories, not just corporate services, but it's fairly easy in terms of guidance, up mid-single digits in the whole. And for the first time in a while, for each of the five categories, asset management, consumer, corporate services, mortgages and service charges on deposits, all up mid-single digits, so, mid-single digits overall, mid-single digits in each of the categories, including corporate services.
Robert Reilly: It's both. This is some, as I mentioned, there's some in the first quarter largely directed at the all other expense line. But there's more to go.
Robert Reilly: I would say, now as I would say, again, just to back up, our objective is positive operating leverage. Our guidance is for expenses to be up low single digits for the year. Part of that is the implementation of the Continuous Improvement Program savings that really are all over the bank. Each area has a targeted level that we review regularly to be able to achieve those. So even in areas where we are investing, retail, for example, there's substantial continuous improvement savings there as well, so it's broad-based.
Robert Reilly: Yes, and even, like I said on the segments, and I mentioned in my comments, corporate banking, up 1%; business credit, up 1%; equipment, finance up 2%.
Robert Reilly: Like in special -- and also not long enough to be able to access that like Bill said it's really anecdotal and the deals that we saw in the first 90 days in the first quarter.
Robert Reilly: Yeah, and I would – Gerald, I just would extend on that in the sense that much of it is possible because of the technology investments we've made over the last couple of years. So things that were interesting before we just didn't have the technology to be able to facilitate, we do now.
Robert Reilly: Yes. They're actually up a little bit when you take into consideration in the fourth quarter. There was a lot going on in the fourth quarter. But in the securities book, we did have an accounting change that, in effect, decreased the yields in the RMBS, the non-agency RMBS and increased the yields in the CMBS because that may be more than you want to know, we changed the accounting standard to the contractual life of the security. Prior, we used the estimated life. So that moves yields around a little bit and actually elevated them, so yields after adjusting for that for the fourth quarter and then went back to normal this quarter. So our print is down three -- 282 to 279, but when you adjust for it, it might be marginally up.
Robert Reilly: The other thing I would say too our purchases on the securities portfolio on the first quarter were largely treasuries, which carry a little bit of a lower yield. But I'll just add that in.
Robert Reilly: That's in the first quarter, for sure, in terms of merit and promotion, so that's definitely there, which tends to be a little bit more first quarter-loaded. The bigger issue just is on a year-over-year and I don't know if you were on the call earlier is the acquisition expenses, so the leasing business as well as the investments that we've made.
Robert Reilly: Well, yes, what I would say – yes, I would say most of the increase in expenses as part of our guidance reflects the higher business activity that we expect in the second quarter, particularly on the fee side.
Robert Reilly: I don't have the balances. The balances quarter-over-quarter are down a lot for the warehouse. But that line is – because that includes a lot of our securitizations which had a strong quarter in the first quarter. So those aren't necessarily two financial services companies, but because of the structure of the facilities categorized that way.
Robert Reilly: Well, I don't know that. I know – in terms of the warehouse facility, the elevation was in the fourth quarter, which actually paid down in the fourth quarter, but the average – sort of the average there. I can get you the number, where we are, but it's on the low side because…
Robert Reilly: Yes, that's right. No, I get it. Look in broader measure, that we're very encouraged in terms of receptivity to our products, our services, our…
