Bill Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning, everybody. As you've seen, we had a solid start to the year as we grew loans and securities, controlled expenses and our credit quality reserves and capital levels remain very strong. As we previously disclosed, noninterest income was below our expectations for the quarter. And while we had expected fees to be down sequentially, reflecting typical first quarter seasonality, the decline actually exceeded normal interest rate volatility and probably, the Russian-Ukraine conflict adversely impacted certain of our capital markets businesses among other areas.  As we look forward, we're clearly in an environment of uncertainty here. We're also in an environment with rising interest rates, which benefit banks with increased loan demand, which benefit banks. And in PNC's case, a business or a bank that never changed its credit box on credit terms got really easy business that has a very -- or a bank that is a very solid mix of fee-based businesses, and importantly, a bank that has substantially expanded its geographic presence. And I want to hit on that in a second just as it relates to our progress on BBVA. And I would tell you, I just -- I couldn't be more proud of what we've been able to accomplish over the last about 15 months in total now, but in particular, over the last couple of quarters. And we still have a lot of work to do, but to put it in perspective, our staffing is largely complete. And our calling effort, particularly versus the fourth quarter, has increased substantially, and our sales and pipelines are robust.  Just to give you an idea of the activity behind this, in the legacy BBVA USA geographies, corporate commercial banking costs have doubled since the fourth quarter, and sales have increased almost 50%. And as we expected across CNIB, nearly half of these sales were actually non-credit related and the BBVA USA geographies.  We switch to the retail side. We're obviously focused on building customer relationships. Just to give you an idea, our sales per branch were approximately 60% higher in March compared to what they were in December with improvements across mortgages, cards and referrals to PNC investments. In our Asset Management group, we're making great progress and strategic investments to hire key people in business development and adviser roles, and importantly, our client opportunity pipelines are really strong. From a balance sheet perspective, we continue to deploy our excess liquidity as you've seen with solid loan growth and securities purchases. Spot loans grew $6 billion in the quarter, driven by the commercial side, which saw a nice increase in utilization. In fact, if we exclude the impact of PPP loan forgiveness, spot commercial loans grew $7 billion. The fastest organic quarterly growth we've seen since the commercial defensive draws that we saw at the start of the pandemic. And by the way, we've seen that growth carry into the early part of April.  We also remain active on the security side with net purchases of almost $6 billion during the quarter. From a balance sheet perspective, the securities were offset by unrealized losses due to rising interest rates, which Rob is going to discuss in a few minutes. This doesn't impact our regulatory capital or earnings, but during the quarter, we moved approximately $20 billion of our securities available for sale to help the maturity to limit future valuation changes due to interest rate movements. Importantly, we saw a solid rebound in the yield on our securities. Overall, we believe we are well positioned for the rising interest rate environment to deliver net interest income growth and NIM expansion throughout the year. And finally, during the quarter, we returned about $1.7 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchase dividends. And importantly, based on our performance and strong capital levels to the Board's confidence in our execution of our strategic priorities, we recently announced a substantial increase to our quarterly dividend of $0.25 per share to $1.50, or 20%. I just want to close by thanking our employees for their hard work and dedication to our customers and communities. Moving forward, as I said, we believe we are well positioned to continue to grow shareholder value as the economy normalizes stats move higher than we realized the full potential of the combined PNC and BBVA USA franchise. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results, and then we'll take your questions.
Bill Demchak: I think the utilization is part of – reflects part of the slowdown on the capital market side in bonds. Clients continue to be active. So yes, some pickup in CapEx build in inventory. The other thing we’re seeing beyond the utilization change, I think we saw a similar percentage increase in just new dollars out – sorry, not percentage, but notional amount increase of new DHE commitments out. So some of its utilization, some of its winning clients, utilization driven by capital markets being a bit of disarray together with increased CapEx.
Bill Demchak: Thanks for the question, Mike. In short, we don’t have to. We’ve always been investing in our franchise. So if you think about – we talk about our new markets, as I said in my comments, they are largely staffed at this point. And so if I think about our people spend, we’re kind of where we need to be. If I think about our technology spend, we’ve been going hard at that for a number of years, and we’re more in the place of what can we actually get done in a sequence timeline, and we are about, hey, spend more money. So you’re not going to see increases against what we expected in that space. So anyway, short answer to the question is, no, we don't need to spend the money, and not spending the money in no way detracts for –from the growth that I think we’re capable of.
Bill Demchak: No, it’s a fair question. I don’t know that you were going to define share by share of C&I loans in the market. I think what we have to do, and we’re working on, Mike, is presentation of just progress in underpenetrated markets compared to what we execute in one of our mature markets and then tracking that for you. I think that’s the best metric. So we look at loan balances. We look at fees. We look at percent of fees as a percentage of total revenues. We look at calling volume. We look at new clients, all the things you’d expect us to, and we need to figure out and I’ll commit to you that we will – we need to put out metrics so you can track it through time. We do it internally.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes. Yes. So if you’re simply asking the question, do we view our available capital based on the 9 90, the answer to that is, yes.
Bill Demchak: We’re going to be in the market. It’s obviously – I think it’s more attractive today to buy back shares than it was towards the end of the year. So we’re going to be in the market, and I don’t know what we probably said.
Bill Demchak: So I mean there are 2 opposing forces, right? So when the Fed shrinks its balance sheet, which it will -- even they let it run off, they're saying whatever that number is $90 million in the month or quarter, I don't ever remember. But it will pull deposits from the system. At the same time, when there is loan growth, it puts deposits back into the system. And the reason for that, if you think about it, is just leverage on the capital. I assume everybody holds 10% on a loan. They borrow from us, they deposit somewhere else. It collectively builds deposits into the system.  Collectively, we think that's going to cause -- will cause deposit growth to slow, but we actually think deposit growth is still going to be positive for the system. And for us, -- so again, Fed balance sheet shrinks, but at the same time, we're going to see loan demand, we expect to see loan demand, we have seen loan demand at a pace that would generate deposits. So we're not particularly worried about that. Now what will happen, of course, is as the Fed gets rates substantially higher, betas are going to have to do a big catch-up move because all of a sudden, it's going to matter. Interest rates are going to get back to a place where people start paying attention again. Now I don't know what that level is. I don't know that we've ever come off of a base of 0 and trying to play catch up. The last time we thought about that, the Fed reversed course pretty quickly. So we're going to have to see how that plays out, but I think deposits in the system will still be there. We just won't see the same growth we have over the last couple of years.
Bill Demchak: Well, we haven't had to pay up. I mean, as you see, I think our average cost of fund stays basis points. There's some percentage of that on the corporate side, in particular, that will be that looks for direct substitutes from competitors or money market funds on a given day. And we assume -- and in our forecast, we assume that, that will have very high, if not betas of one, and that's fine. That's part of our funding model. It's embedded in our forecast. And we never -- we don't consider those necessarily core deposits, even though they're core clients, if that makes sense to you.
Bill Demchak: Look, I think that's one of our fears. I think we're going to see that weakness in office properties flow through over a longer period of time. But -- and I think, by the way, that's very market-specific. So I would tell you, for example, I think in Pittsburgh here, we're going to struggle with that. Now we don't have exposure. Interestingly, we don't have a lot of exposure here, but practically, I think there'll be less people in the buildings in Pittsburgh, and I think that's going to be the case in many metro areas around the country.  And yes, I think that's going to cause lease rates to drop over time, and yes, I think that's going to impact office properties, but we're reserved for that, have been watching that. We pick our clients carefully, and at this point, we think most, if not all, of them have the wherewithal to make their way through that.
Bill Demchak: Look, I'm not going to speak on behalf of EWS, a company simply because that's a collective decision from the ownership group of of EWS. I think everybody's interest is to make payments easier, to make payments be more fraud-resistant and look, to be able to make some return on payments. We collectively look through all those things against the current rails and as the payment landscape changes, we'll adapt with it. We are going to start using Zelle -- we and a few of the other ownership banks to allow purchase for services and for small business. So it will get out there into the peak merchant space. Just at this point, not a direct competitor to the card rails for a variety of reasons, but not yet.
Bill Demchak: No, it's -- we've actually been really happy with it. It has expanded, and we're currently looking -- it's through several countries in Latin America today, and we're actually looking at expanding that through relationships into other countries there. And I think into Europe, although I'm not certain about that, it's dependent on correspondent banking relationships in the receiving countries that are responsible for your customer. But no, it's a big business. We actually white label it for others, and we're excited by it. We've been -- it's now mainstream on our consumer apps. And importantly, we're looking at some of that functionality to be tied into some of the things that we're actually doing on the corporate side.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. John, it's Rob. So in regard to capital markets, you'll recall, at the beginning of the year, our expectations for capital markets was to be down approximately 20% or so from '21 levels just because the '21 levels were so elevated. The first quarter was slower than we expected even at those reduced levels, but for the full year guide, I have most of that back in there. So most of what we expected to occur in the first quarter that didn't occur is still in the full year guidance. So that's why we're still 9% to 11% growth.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Okay. This is Rob again, John. So on the deposits in the quarter, we saw a spot decline and all of that was on the commercial side, which we see as largely seasonal. Consumer deposits on a spot basis were actually up, reflecting tax refunds and some seasonality there. So that’s the story on the deposits. So the full year in regard to the betas relative to what we expected at the beginning of the year, we have increased our betas consistent with the increase in the Fed rate hike forecast. Along the lines of what we saw in the last cycle, maybe a little bit less just because we're working off such high levels. Very quiet – as you pointed out, very quiet on the first 100 basis points or so, but showing up – if our rate forecast is correct, showing up in the third and fourth quarter.
Rob Reilly: Sure. Sure. So 9 to 11 total for the full year. Compared to the beginning of the year, net interest income is a bigger component of that because of the rate increases and the higher balances. So we’re looking at that to be inside of that 9 to 11, the NII and the high teens. And then on the core fee piece, looking more towards flattish to maybe down low single digits, and most of the change there being on the mortgage outlook from the beginning of the year. So most of our fee categories are tracking to what we expected for the full year, including capital markets, as I just mentioned, but mortgage were off from what we thought at the beginning of the year because of rates. So residential and commercial mortgage, we expect it to be down low single digits. We’re now looking at maybe down 25% or 30% year-over-year. So that’s where the fee change is largely resident.
Rob Reilly: No, no, that’s right. The answer is, it is the regulatory capital that we look at, Mike. And the current pace that we’ve been on, we expect to continue. That average quarter – the average quarterly pace, we were a little bit more this past quarter.
Rob Reilly: Yes, and we've talked about this before, Gerard. Right now, we're in the low 50s, up from the high 40s that we saw through the bulk of last year. And normal -- just whatever normal is, we might expect somewhere in the mid-50s. So we're moving towards that, not there yet.
Rob Reilly: No, it's interesting. On the commercial side, we were talking about that this morning. It's very, very similar in terms of the borrowing trades. So there really is no difference in terms of the utilization of the lines. They're all up in sort of similar amounts.
Rob Reilly: And again, it doesn't affect earnings. It's all going to pull. We balance between the flexibility benefit of available for sale versus the AOCI component of -- or a benefit of held to maturity. So we'll continue to look at that, but it's -- it will run its course. And again, it doesn't affect earnings.
