Rob Reilly: Hi, John, this is Rob. Yeah, so couple of things on that. Again just to reiterate what I just said and Bill mentioned credit quality is really strong. By virtually every measure, charge-offs down, NPAs down, delinquencies down year-over-year. So that hasn't changed. In regard to the provision for the fourth quarter, I’d chalk that up to growth and also some of these specific names – of this handful of names that we had. So when you take a look at our total 2018 provision of $400 million down year-over-year, it's – we're bouncing off some pretty low levels. So that explains the fourth quarter of 2018. For the first quarter of 2019 going forward, a couple of things. One, again, credit quality we see is good. We don't see any broad trends in any asset categories that would suggest substantial deterioration that I mentioned but we do see growth.
Rob Reilly: No. I think that is right. And just to complete that thought on the first quarter. I do -- and Bill mentioned, commercial is so low, total charge-offs in our commercial portfolio in 2018 were $25 million on a $150 billion portfolio. So at some point that's got to come up a bit, but it's gradual.
Rob Reilly: Sure. So our guidance calls for revenue, the upper end of low-single digits, which is connected to our loan outlook which is 3% to 4% growth. And you can sort of do the math in terms of the fee guidance being up low-single digit on the lower end. We do see in terms of the contribution of revenue, more of that growth coming from NII versus the fees, but growth in the fees.
Rob Reilly: That's right. That's the range, yes. And they're pretty small ranges in terms of the -- the key word is gradual. So we don't see major shifts. But I think in terms of the reserve ratio, I think, we're adequately reserved and I see that as being fairly stable.
Rob Reilly: And we don't provide NIM guidance, but just to reiterate Bill's point, we'd expect this to be the right -- that where we are now is what our current rate expectations are for the short term.
Rob Reilly: Yes, on the consumer side. So we also have expansion markets on the commercial side. But on the consumer side, it's going well exceeding our expectations. We've been at it now just for over three months. Balances continued to grow across a lot of geographies and 85% of those new accounts which now are getting close to the high-teens in the 10,000 – 18,000 range or 85% of that is new to PNC. So we like overseeing so far but its early.
Rob Reilly: Yes. No, no, that's right on. So higher end of low single digits, just average. Put a little band around 3% and lower end put a band around 1%.
Rob Reilly: John, along those lines, we did hit a five handle on the efficiency ratio there in the fourth quarter. So we're on our way.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I think that's right. And commercial, of course, Erika, as you know, has moved. So it's all about the consumer deposits.
Rob Reilly: But differently it’s not really a change in credit conditions there. The system is processing certain payments in a way that cause us to book them as delinquent, whereas, the old system didn't do that.
Rob Reilly: No, I mean, all the way back to the beginning. There’s nothing that we see in any of these books that is suggesting anything but the continuation of the trend. We've always hedge that with the basic notion that just can't stay this good forever.
Rob Reilly: Yes, certainly continue, but in terms of our guidance with 3% to 4%, we do see more growth on the commercial side than consumer but to Bill’s point, growth in both portfolios.
Rob Reilly: To add to that point. Time will tell, but if you'd take a look just on the commercial side, in terms of non-interest-bearing accounts. They did decline in the fourth quarter but they declined at a much lower rate than what we saw at the beginning of the year, to your point.
Bill Demchak: But frankly, any deterioration, I mean you used the word substantial, but there's not – John, we had four commercial credits go NPA in the fourth quarter and they were all completely idiosyncratic associated with strange things. So nothing kind of based on the broader economy. And even in consumer, where there's been a slight tick up in auto, that's still going back to hurricane – to the hurricane damage. There's really nothing there.
Bill Demchak: Yes, but the short answer to your question on the guidance for the first quarter is, it just can't -- we don't see anything. It just can't stay this at that low forever.
Bill Demchak: So we kind of tell you a slightly higher number though on the back of the fact that everybody is talking about a slightly weaker economy, but we don't see anything today that says that's true.
Bill Demchak: Yes, we had absent impact of BlackRock, we had a great year this year on fees, a lot of it in corporate services that depending what market activity is, could be a little bit weaker into next year. The other thing is just in the forecast, we have included in effect the market’s expectation on BlackRock inside of our fee line. So that's causing that to be somewhat subdued versus our own internal growth.
Bill Demchak: Well, you embedded a whole bunch of different issues into that question to fit. In terms of asset sensitivity, we remain asset sensitive. That could play out and will play out in NIIs as you see in our guidance, may or may not play out in NIM. So you’re going to have to kind of separate the two, and we never really manage the company to NIM. All that said, the momentum that we've had on net interest margin and the industries had on the back of fairly predictable rate hikes is going to slow down. So my best guess is our NIM, not our net interest income, is going to bounce around current levels through the course of the year. I would tell you that this quarter it doesn't change income, but we had the issue on average earning assets, we had some hedge ineffectiveness that went against us, we had a lower swaps balance, we had a whole bunch of things that have nothing to do with economics that impact that number, that could have easily printed the other way. So I don't think you're going to see big pickup from us or anybody else going forward. It's not related to asset sensitivity. It's related just rise in rates in the short end. But I'm not worried about that. I think we'll -- as we said, we'll continue to see growth in NII.
Bill Demchak: Well, I think what you're going after here is that the crack in credit spreads in the capital markets impact and offer opportunity to the banks. And the answer to that is yes. So what banks are willing to do on the lending side has backed off at this point in terms of where they’d underwrite and syndicate, and you've seen some people have run into some hung deals. That doesn't play into our model that much because we're not really in the leverage lending business, What has happened though is the clients who are, kind of, I call them the five Bs, so they use banks and they also use the bond markets, they're coming back to banks as the price differential has moved in favor of banks and the bottom market has at least thus far not really opened up for them. So we see that benefit. As it rates to head-to-head bank competition on a traditional bank name in middle market cash flow, it's still brutal that hasn't changed. So maybe the simplest way to answer that question is bank-to-bank competition is still fierce bank-to-capital market competition has moved in favor of banks.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So, we actually – we've done a look at who might be impacted by tariffs both directly and trickle down. And we actually have a specific reserves against that inside of our credit book today. But by enlarge we served the domestic economy. And the domestic economy, you've heard me say this before is really strong and our clients remain strong. Now they ultimately can be impacted, obviously, by the global economy and by the trickle-down effect to some of the troubles the larger multinational face because of their global economy. But that's far we don't see it. And at the margin if – the worse case happens, we won't have any concentrated impact as it relates to industries or businesses we cover. We will simply be impacted as a function of the impacted expect from a slower economy broadly defined.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, it's a good question. And it varies by what we're trying to do. So on our national digital strategy, we're playing principally against the online banks and we're all paying largely a – at market – money market rate. And I think that continues. It's interesting our retail data this quarter actually was less than it was in the third quarter, and then kind of bounce around as we go through the year. But we're not seeing at least thus far massive competition for traditional deposits. We continue to pull deposits from as does the industry flows from smaller banks to larger banks. And I think that's rate independent that services depended and I think that trend continues. And then you have this overlay of the continued shrinkage of the Fed balance sheet which draws cash out of the system. So there's a lot of factors in there. I don't see a massive shift through 2019 and the trends that we've seen thus far. Through time you will see greater portions of our total deposits coming from the online channel, which of course will change our beta. But today it’s such a small number. It doesn't really impacted.
Bill Demchak: Couple of things I'd say, and by the way, we hear you guys have lot of data on this and as soon as we get enough of a track record we'll start talking about what we're seeing in terms of activity in these accounts and stuff, but a couple of things that we're seeing so far that validates some of our original thoughts. One is that physical presence matters. So the Solutions Center we opened in Kansas City continues to draw disproportionate share in terms of origination versus online channel per capita. And people are willing to travel, they’ll go do it. Two is, the number of virtual wallet accounts that we are opening that are being used by new customers continues to surprise at least me. I think it's -- I don't know a third or 25%.
Bill Demchak: And totally new clients to PNC, who are using us as their primary bank. And that's quite interesting to us.
Bill Demchak: Yes, and we're going to have to do some analysis around that to figure out what types of activity, how sticky depositors are, how deposit trends with these accounts move so on and so forth. But so far we're pretty happy with it.
Bill Demchak: John, long story short, notwithstanding the performance of our share price, we feel pretty good about 2019. And we put in the guidance.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Through history, there's been a pretty long tail. The problem today, of course, is you have -- for the first time since we've gone through this, you have a lot of online accounts at the same time as you have the Fed shrinking its balance sheet. And you have smaller banks really competing on a rate as they have to hold on to clients. So I don't know how that plays out. I can sit here and guess for you, but I think those are the factors that are going to impact what happens to deposit rates as we move forward. I think that for banks such as ourselves, our ability for our core clients to continue to lag at the margin will remain largely on the back of the services we provide them.
Bill Demchak: The answer is yes. Although, remember the proposals that are out are unlikely to have any impact on this coming CCAR and it's unclear in terms of the new CCAR guidance, how much of that will be included in this year CCAR, I think they’re still sorting through that. But at the margin both of those things will give us increased flexibility and where otherwise by certainly at this share price to be pretty heavy on the buyback.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, so we're busy working on it and making good progress. We had said before, it's our intention to begin parallel run here in the first half of 2019. We're on track to do that. So in regard to being able to provide you with information and insight from that, sometime in the second half.
Bill Demchak: No – yeah, Kevin, there was a tick up there and it was in the 30-day category there. Equipment leasing to some of those delinquencies are elevated relative to a software change that we made that created some administrative delinquencies. So there’s some elevation that's coming from that that's part of that, otherwise it’s just seasonal.
Bill Demchak: But it is – yeah, it is totally separate thing. But I mean we are – look, we put in a completely new leasing system that has a couple bumps that are causing us this issue you see on delinquencies. The automation inside of the balance sheet calculation is a good thing. We're just automating manual processes and in the process of doing that we found the calculation difference that historically have been off in a de minimis amount on the balance sheet. All these things are good. We're basically getting rid of manual stuff and putting in new system. So we find things every time we do it.
Bill Demchak: To grow consumer and we ought to be able to continue to do that despite the run-off that we continue to see in home equity in our student lending. I’d like to think that would accelerate its -- you are running against a pretty big headwind in terms of those run-offs, but we're doing it without changing the credit risk that we are taking simply by executing on good products in getting good, better penetration into our existing client base. So I don't know if it accelerates but it ought to continue.
Bill Demchak: By the way, some of the growth in commercial will continue to see growth as we have in our secured businesses, specialty businesses absent real estate. But the other thing is, we are unlikely to have some of the purpose full run-off we saw in 2018 repeat itself and certain segments that just weren’t kind of paying the freight. So we feel pretty good about that number.
Bill Demchak: Yes, it's a good report there in terms of, again these are relatively new. But in each one of those markets we are growing loans faster than that legacy book. And then I think what we are most encouraged about is the composition of the business, which is relationship oriented and I think close to half of our sales are in non-credit. So it is not just blind participation in credits, what we intended to do was to build out our model in these markets. So, so far very good.
Bill Demchak: Yes, sure. No, it does thinking that’s just a year-end. So that was just for a short period of time. Going forward in terms of our liquidity, no, we feel good about in terms of where we are. We are satisfying our current LCR obligations, a north of 100%. There is a proposal for us to go lower but that won't likely occur substantially in 2019. So we are good. We have balances roughly in the $16 billion range of the Fed. We could redeploy those in other level one securities, higher-yielding securities and we may do that as the year plays out.
Bill Demchak: I don't have the table in front of me, but if it's inclusive of our asset-based lending, a lot of that will come from year-end inventory build for retailers that were otherwise clients, but basically draw down pretty heavy as it gets ready for the Christmas season.
Bill Demchak: I think that probably came from asset-based lending and the traditional draw down on the lines as they build inventory.
Bill Demchak: I don't know that I have any model, the insight into it. I think, the simple notion that rates are higher than zero and have been for some period of time now, has caused corporates to get smart about raising money. My guess is that they're already doing that. They don't choose to do it 50% on the way and then weigh, because they're giving out money everyday. So my guess is we're probably where we're going to be.
John McDonald: Okay. Got it. That's really helpful. And in terms of the revenue outlook, you've given an outlook on revenues for 2019, upper end of low-single digits. So just kind of wondering what your confidence level in the revenue outlook? Maybe how you see it split a little bit between NII and fees? And where do you enter the year with good revenue momentum and tailwinds? And where might the revenue outlook be a little more challenging? Thanks.
John McDonald: Good. And that obviously, mathematically that we should grind down on your efficiency ratio if we continued with the operating leverage.
John McDonald: Yes. No I think – yes, I think that's good to see the improvement. I think people are kind of were looking for, hoping you get below 60 and I think commitment to continue the improvement is also helpful.
