Rob Reilly: Sure. Good morning. This is Rob. The answer of the part one of your questions is, yes, it is the base, so we do expect across all of our fee categories in third quarter to effectively grow those consistent with our strategies in an amount equal to that 30 million trust fee and that is we had guidance in terms of being stable. In regard to the second part of your question in terms of the trust settlement fees, that is a routine thing that happens in terms of any trust business. What is unusual about this one is it happens to be one of our largest trust and the period in terms of which was involved with was particularly long, so that is why we called it out. The usual run rate of settlement fees is in the low millions of dollars in particular quarters, so this one is not unusual by it size.
Rob Reilly: Well, there are a couple of things going on there. On the purchase accounting accretion, the revision there really reflects greater than expected recoveries in the first half of the year, so that is a good thing. We keep saying as we get deeper into this, the opportunity for recoveries becomes less but because they were so substantial in the first half, we have revised that to down $200 million versus to $225 million. In terms of stable NII, it is pretty much consistent with the theme that we have been saying all year, fighting the lower rates offsetting that with modest growth in our loan portfolio, which we expect to continue albeit at a somewhat slower rate than what we have done historically and putting some more money to work in investment securities in a measured approach.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Sure Matt. This is Rob. We are not in position to be able to give guidance on '16 specifically yet, we will get to that when we set our budget up in the fall and get a feel for where we are particularly around interest rates, but the message that we want to convey again this morning is that we are very mindful of the revenue-expense relationship. We do feel in terms of the way that rates were pushed out, our expectations of a rate rise were pushed out there in first quarter earnings call necessitated this additional push on expenses which is why we raised our CIP target.
Rob Reilly: Yes. What I would add to that too is, I would encourage you to focus on the full year expense management. We can get as I said this for a number of years, we can get quarterly fluctuations around those types of things and also our pace of investments that are not necessarily uniform to the quarter, but are for the year.
Rob Reilly: Yes. Hey, Gerard, it is Rob. A couple of things there, one is as Bill mentioned, we have plans to consolidate 100 branches in total for 2015, 50 of which have already been consolidated, so there is an additional 50. So far in terms of what we have done in terms of these consolidations, the deposit retention has been very high. I do not have an exact number for you, but obviously that is one of the sensitivities and we manage it pretty closely.
Rob Reilly: Yes. A couple of things there, one is the 10% decline is in our outstanding that I have mentioned as opposed to our exposure and we feel good about the reserve levels I had mentioned, particularly on that roughly $300 million of loans, which is an asset based or investment grade. We have done some reserving. You will recall in the first quarter, we had mentioned we had done some QFR qualitative research and we have changed some of that around, around some specifics, but no net day change. We will continue to monitor the portfolio closely going forward, but there are not any plans for a big change. We will just continue to watch it as it develops.
Rob Reilly: Sure. A couple of things there, one is, generally speaking the additional $100 million is a result of a broad belt-tightening across the organization. We announced it on our first quarter earnings call, our employees all heard and we all rallied around that, so there is not any big number that driving that. What I would say is, a big portion of that is coming from reducing our planned expenses around staff services which had grown over the last couple of years, which we told you about. Do not really count for a big change in revenue as a result of that, so our revenue guidance stays the same. Then if you take a look at expenses in terms of sort of the second half of the year around that 1% sort of math. Approximately second expenses need to match our first half expenses, which is what we are saying.
Rob Reilly: As an example, inside of that 100 branch closures number that we put forth that is inside of our expense rate, right, so there is no one-time. We buried the cost associated with shutting those down and canceling leases and so on and so forth as opposed to announcing a one-time charge associated with closing 100 branches, which other peers have done.
Rob Reilly: I do not know exactly what is going to change. What I would tell you is, it is interesting to me that spreads for the first time in I do not know, 10 quarters were basically flat this quarter, so maybe we have hit the bottom at least in this rate environment. If you go way back in time, you would say that deposit balances in loans inside of banks historically have roughly been equal, with given your loans might grow faster than deposits, but they kind of tend to equal out. We have been in a period of five years, where deposits have massively outgrown loans. You will hear different people, the dialogue in the industry is as it normalizes to mean revert, is that going to happen by deposits shrinking or by loans growing, so U.S. bank thinks there is going to be a big loan growth spark. I hope they are right. Morgan and ourselves are probably on the camp that we are probably going to see deposit shrink, but somewhere in there I mean, as we play forward here, status quo, I do not know what is going to change to cause pure middle-market lending-only relationships to be any more attractive, which is why we are focused so much on growing fee income in the cross-sell relationship.
Rob Reilly: For full-year '15, down $200 million that has change from the previous guidance of down $225 million.
Rob Reilly: We have actually grown it faster by every measure, you know, into our newer markets. It is just as competitive, but I think you will having an alternative offerings in some of those markets, bringing the other products that we can to bear, particular in the treasury management side makes a difference. Having a great teams of people, that are combination of terrific people we hired during the downturn and legacy PNC employees that we moved down there, so now in the end we are actually outpacing our more mature markets and in the newer markets.
Rob Reilly: Well, I think you have to be careful to not just focus on loans, so one of the things we look at internally a lot is our loan growth versus our total revenue growth inside the CNIB space. You cannot have a sustainable environment, where you are growing loans of 10% and your revenue at 1%, which if you dig through some income statements you will see a lot of people doing that. We focus a lot on making sure that we are growing total revenue at a pace that is commensurate with the capital we are deploying, which I think ultimately allows us to provide a good return to our shareholders. I think people who are chasing loan growth and the thing that ultimately changes, they realize that is not sustainable in terms of providing return on equity to shareholders, I do not know that people have figure that out yet, but lending-only relationships in the middle-market space if that is your business plan without a products set to support it, I do not think is sustainable.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I am glad you asked that question Ken, because the $54 million really reflects the total first half of '15 activity. It is a lumpy business, so virtually all of our sort of tax credit business in the first half of the year, we did in the second quarter. The best number that I can give you for the full year number is $80 million, which is our budgeted number that we budgeted at the beginning of the year. Again, it is a lumpy business, so we could do a little bit more than that, we could do a little bit less than that, but that is not a number that you would annualize. For some context, total tax credits in 2014 were $75 million, so that fits in with that $80 million.
Rob Reilly: Also, Ken, just on that. That is the $80 million is what we used for the math to give you the guidance on the effective tax rate at 26%, so that is why you say…
Rob Reilly: Yes. We are. In terms of securities on, securities off, they are getting very close, so that in the end will start to lose that bleed as long as the long end stays about where it is. Part of what you are seeing though of course is just the building cash, right, so…
Rob Reilly: …so the drop in NIM simply is a function of the building cash which is sitting 125 basis points at the fed.
Rob Reilly: Bill wants to jump in here a little bit too. Marty, you and I have spoken about this a little bit. First and foremost, nobody knows, so we will see. What we spent a lot of time on is, just being and planning for all sorts of outcomes recognizing that it has been a long time since we have had a interest rate increase and that consumer behavior could be substantially different here 11 years later, particularly around the LCR, the attractiveness of deposits on LCR over and above the margin. Then of course the increased technology that which allows us consumers to low deposits from bank-to-bank a lot more easily than they could have 11 years ago, so I do not have any answer for you, but I do know that we plan around it obsessively. That is a priority of Bill's and we just have to be ready to go with however the scenario plays out.
Rob Reilly: No. Look we and the rest of the market are going to feel our way around to figure out what is going to move balances or not for the first movements, so it is not as if we instantaneously change all of our prices if that is what your question is. I just think we have proven ourselves, because we have had leading offers in the market to grow deposits to complete our LCR process that money lose with was slightly higher offers and not everybody in the market is LCR compliant, if in fact deposit shrink in the system because QE goes away and/or loans grow then...
Rob Reilly: It is a good question. The change that we made was the reaction in April, when we pushed back those rates. If rates do not rise in '15, in that September hike, that is really not necessary expense related. We have bracketed that around in terms of NII. It is not a huge number. The bigger issue as Bill pointed out, relative to '16 and beyond in terms of the gradual rate rise. That is a much, much bigger impact to our revenue.
Bill Demchak: We are probably closer aligned to JPMorgan, and I think there is going to be a pressure, particularly on the retail side, just given the differentiation in LCR qualification retail deposits versus wholesale.
Bill Demchak: …so big number that we could put into Level 2, but that's all against - We do not think about where you put the cash, we think about it in terms of the duration, the balance sheet and where we are investing in long-term rates, which can be done through swaps, through loans, buying securities and reducing cash.
Bill Demchak: Just as an aside, part of the story on expenses this quarter in variable comp, Rob talked about basically out of variable incentive as well as pretty much expected equipment cost increases as we continue with the technology agenda. On the variable comp piece, perversely at the start of the year, we changed some of our incentive programs in retail to drive deposit growth, which we have absolutely gotten. You see the acceleration in our deposit growth on the retail side. What we have not gotten is the value from that growth in deposits is rates against our original forecast to remain lower for longer, so the pop in incentive comp, but we can get the offsetting revenue and it is something we have an ability to dial as we go through the rest of this year.
Bill Demchak: More often than not, it is not positive, but having said that we have very long lead times in advanced warning to affected customers and warm handoffs on moving people up to their branches. As you would expect, we get the occasional complaint when we do consolidations, but we are quite thoughtful about how we go about it in the lead time, the lead times associated with notifications and follow-up customer service.
Bill Demchak: Sure. I think, we said looking backwards that our technology agenda trumped our desire to look at retail bank acquisitions. We did want to stop what we were doing, to do integration. When the technology agenda is at a point where we can in fact do that, it does not mean that we are then going to get into an acquisition game. We will look at the environment at that point in time, look at values in the market and look at in our strategic needs and opportunities and have a view, but that is a year and a year-and-a-half from now. It will depend on rate environment, it will depend on the continued change in retail preferences and the transformation we are going through and we will evaluate it when we get there.
Bill Demchak: Yes. That is too broad of a questions to answer specifically, because it obviously depends on the type of activity, but I would tell you historically our challenge was we couldn't scale our activity without scaling the cost along with it, because we had much more manual process than we otherwise wanted. A big part of what we are building out in technology through automation is the ability to scale without adding variable cost associated with it, so I think we can do material. Once completed we could do material more - volume than we are doing today, importantly without adding the personnel costs that typically comes along with that and that is what we are building into this plan.
Bill Demchak: Yes. I mean, I guess is a bunch of comments into that space. First of if you look at our growth in C&I relative to peers, at least peers that have reported this quarter and it do not surprise us, we look light and that is coming off of. It is interesting to go back through time, our growth outpaced peers during the crisis in a slowdown as everyone else accelerated, which is typical of our strategy in the sense that the highest returning loans typically are made in times of crisis. What has happened are a couple of things. One is, a lot of the volume increase you see particularly the large banks is on the back of large corporate M&A activity. We have some of that in our growth rate, but we are more of a middle market bank than a large corporate bank, so we participate less in large corporate growth and some of the big banks. In the middle market space, specifically, has been really competitive. We have not had outright growth in vanilla middle-market loans I think going back to five or six quarters rather.
Bill Demchak: …and instead have continued to have and still have growth in our specialty segments of business credit and leasing and real estate and some other things we do. Interestingly, one thing that has impacted the front half of this year, which is somewhat is somewhat new, is some of the loan-only relationships put on you know during the crisis at very wide spreads, a lot of them in the financial. We report them as financial space, but some of them could be securitization-type activity. They have refinanced and re-priced at levels that make no sense to us, particularly in light of the penalties associated with those types of loans under LCR, so we purposely shrunk our FSAB balances while we focused on cross-sell, broader commercial relationships and that is part of the reason you see the slowdown in our growth line. I think you know that the growth going forward and Rob talked about this, we expect kind of moderate growth in the C&I space and continue to be challenged in the retail space as we continue to see run-off in education loans and some of our legacy books.
Bill Demchak: The other thing I would mention is, the $100 million of incremental CIP that we focus on this years in fact what we will realize this year, that gives rise to a, you know, entry-level as we get planned for '16. A big part of this exercise is to make sure we are holding expenses down in '16 given that rates you know not only were going to start going up later, but also go up slower. In many ways, this was less about what we were going to do this year and more about what we were going to do in '16 and the out-years.
Bill Demchak: It is a fair question. We probably think about it just in terms of the way we organize ourselves from call it $30 million to $50 million up to $500 million. Practically it is $50 million to $1 billion.
Bill Demchak: Annual revenues, so our sweet spot that kind of fits our product set and then we target is $52 billion in revenues. Having said that, we have a number of clients given our treasury management capability and some of the specialty products we have that are better obviously much, much larger than that.
Bill Demchak: …all good and we have been pleasantly surprised and tracking aggressively, obviously, the retention of new money, new clients. Interestingly, the balances for new households are higher given our product offerings than they have been in our history partly changing our checking account mix.  As it relates to operating deposits for corporate, they are less valuable to us from an LCR standpoint. They are still valuable and we still obviously have room on our leverage ratio and the ability to hold those, so inside of our corporate space it would not surprised me at all that we are getting some growth in corporate balances that is coming as a function or some of the that are constrained pushing those away.
Bill Demchak: In its simplest form, we are simply suggesting we are going to continue to do what we have done for the last.
Bill Demchak: …a couple of years, and each one of those line items kind of drills down to a specific business plan that does not assume heroic assumptions to be able to accomplish it. On the corporate side, the growth you are seeing and we have talked about is coming on the back of cross-selling all the new clients that we on boarded during the crisis. We had 10% compounded primary client growth and CNIB for two or three years running during the crisis that we are largely lending-only relationships. We now have the ability to monetize that through cross-sell. In the retail side, it is on the back of the continuum change of what we did with the product offerings, elimination of free checking, the continued growth in merchant, debit and credit card where we are underpenetrated and well fits what we have not done for five years and using the rest of the organization to refer business and cross-sell. There is nothing heroic in there. We are hitting on all lines of business against this general notion that we put forth as a company that we want to be less dependent long-term on net interest income to drive this company and be able to get back to a more historical balance that we used to run at in terms of fees and net interest income, so we are just prioritizing. People get it is important.
Bill Demchak: We like to 10-year a lot better to 240 than we did at 179 or wherever it hit towards the end of the first quarter. I think and I listened to that conversation you are talking about. Look, I think at the end the long ends going to have a slow grind higher. We have deployed, as you saw this quarter, a little more cash into the securities book. We are never going to make a single big bet that is not who we are. We are going to increment our way in as rates change here and we have a large opportunity to do that relative to the way we are invested today. One of the things that I should have mentioned, we talked about loan growth as our residential mortgage holdings on the whole loan side, which are obviously also form of a fixed rate duration. While we keep kind of jumbos in some of the production from our mortgage company it is a lot smaller percentage and an opportunity for us, but it is a lot smaller percentage today than many of our peers, so we have a lot of ways to play here. I think by and large, nobody is expecting a massive sell-off in a long and there is more value here today than it was a quarter ago. Even on the mortgage side, somebody of the adds we did we are actually in mortgage-backed securities that OAS spreads on mortgage-backs are much, much wider than they were three months ago, so there is an opportunity there.
Bill Demchak: I think missing from some of that analysis is, I mean, we go up look today that where teaser rates are, new deposit money markets, right? They were well over. There are offers out there for a percent…
Bill Demchak: Yes, so they are well over where rates are today, meaning that the betas three x already. The question is as rates rise or are those teasers going to go straight up on top of that out of the gate, probably not. The other thing that will lag is interest-bearing business accounts and so forth or probably lag somewhat, but I think the core consumer interest-bearing accounts given the demand for LCR friendly deposits, they are going to move pretty fast.
Bill Demchak: This is Bill and I think I was the one who was talking about that. I actually I do not know the percentages down there, but they are going to be higher there.
Bill Demchak: Okay. With that we have passed the time, so we are going to wrap up the call. Thank you all for joining us and have a good day.
