James Rohr: I think we saw a number of changes in the trajectories of different loan categories, the first of which is the utilization rate. We've talked about that to a great extent in the past. We saw a 2% increase in the utilization rate, that's almost 6% in the quarter, and I think that's the first time we've seen something like that. We used to declare victory when we saw it flat, and now we're seeing that increase. If you look at the Midwest, the manufacturing companies have turned around clearly. I think this morning, they showed the employment in the manufacturing companies in the newspapers. That's changed. And from a borrowing point of view, the people who aren't flushed with cash, they've had increases in the commodity price of metals and all sorts of materials. And so from our point of view, they have to borrow more to support inventory and receivable levels, so that's a good thing. We also saw a $1 billion increase in our production of small business loans and I think that's a good sign. The other part of the real estate business, most of the real estate is soft on the commercial side, but we've seen a change in mobile [ph] family, which has turned around. And so there's a number of pockets where we're seeing educational loans are up, of course, but there's a number of pockets where we're seeing growth, where we have seen declines and then flattening. Now we still have the runoff of the distressed book so on a net basis, it will be a while before you see a significant increase in our net loans, I think. But on the other hand, the newer loans are much higher quality than the ones on the distressed book and don't carry with them going to credit loss. So we're pleased to see that growth.
James Rohr: I think M&A is always on the horizon. I think there are a number of things for sale but I think we just have to be disciplined and look -- we like the idea of growing in footprint acquisitions and I think there will be a lot of small banks for sale. As we've said over a long period of time, we'd like to be one, two or three in the market or we'd like to have 10% market share in very large markets, which allows us to cross-sell a lot of our other products. And I think that's the model that we've had for a long period of time and it's working for us and we're going to stick with it. The other thing is that when you buy small banks, we've shown that we have the ability to take out a significant portion of the cost and I think that, I think, takes a lot of risk out of the transaction for shareholders and for PNC.
James Rohr: In the fourth quarter, we just had higher charge-offs. We had a portfolio, which we moved into the Held-For-Sale category, which caused us to take, I think it was about $110 million in charge-offs that we wouldn't normally have, and we didn't feel the need this quarter. We didn't have that much in terms of the charge-offs, charge-off levels being down $250 million, basically.
James Rohr: On the provision level there, I gave 400 on average per quarter. Charge-offs are less predictable, John. I think you're probably in the range of what we can expect but as you know, that number can go up or down $100 million or more depending on the events of the quarter.
James Rohr: And the market still is good for selling assets. We sold 569 partials over the quarter and about 89% of book. We usually look for maybe 90%, so I think the market remains good. I think we'll continue to see a flow of those assets coming out and going up.
James Rohr: Well I think you'll see, the marketing dollars are relatively low, as you know, compared to the rest of the expenses. I think you'll see some more marketing dollars in the second quarter and then softer in the third and picks up again in the fourth. So those are seasonal in nature, so with the introduction of the new accounts and some other initiatives that we have going on, you'll see marketing expenses that lift up a little bit in the second quarter.
James Rohr: There's no question about it. I think the trends in the momentum actually are increasing rather than flattening, so we're having great success of it. The C&I B [ph] group has targeted 1,000 last year, got that and they're ahead of schedule this year. We're ahead of schedule in the consumer space and we're ahead of schedule in the small business so I think growing customers is going to be a good year for us.
James Rohr: Let us dig that number out for you. That's a volatile number. Sometimes you have very, very large syndications that'll make that a lumpy number quarter-to-quarter. The biggest issue I think in corporate services was the volatility around Harris Williams, which had such a spectacular quarter in the fourth and was softer in the first, but those were lumpy numbers as well.
James Rohr: Yes, well, thank you very much for joining us this morning. We're very, very pleased with the first quarter that turned out particularly well. We think we've established a new performance level for ourselves and looking forward to an excellent 2011 and thank you for your support.
Richard Johnson: I think the big delta there is in Corporate Services where we had a, as I mentioned in my comments, we had an improvement in the valuation on the commercial MSR in the fourth quarter of about $45 million and then we took a charge this quarter of about $38 million, so you've got a pretty significant swing there impacting that line. I think Jim also mentioned that line, how strong a quarter Harris Williams had at the end of the year, and that's come down with a softer quarter this period. We expect that to look fine going forward. The other delta would have been in the other category of noninterest income. If you recall, we had about $90 million of repurchase reserves taken in the fourth quarter of last year, so that obviously held that number down. In the first quarter of this year, we also had about $35 million of recoveries on some insurance claims. The private equity was about $60-some-million, so that was a good return. We don't know that that's going to repeat it, so I think that line is probably a little high for this quarter versus what we can expect going forward. But all in all, I think those were the major deltas that you have there.
Richard Johnson: It's a combination of both. I mean, obviously, the balance improvement is helping overall Net Interest Income with the loan balances going up, but it was higher rates in the quarter, which actually is helping the margin and I think that's one of the biggest levers we have right now to the extent that rates go up, and if you look at the positioning of our balance sheet, our margin will go up with that.
Richard Johnson: Going forward, it's more the expectation that the balances will be, as I said, modestly higher. We're not making a lot of predictions about where we think rates are going to go, but if they go up, I think we can probably get even more confident than we are on $100 million. The other thing, too, is you're also going to see -- we still have $14 billion worth of deposits to reprice from a rate of 1.78%, probably down go-to rate openly of about 60 basis points. So that's going to have a real positive influence, still, for the rest of the year on our core margin.
Richard Johnson: Yes, John, it's a combination of sales and settlements, right, where we have marked it down and the customer actually came in and settled. But the number actually is down from the prior quarter, John, down from about 130 down to 80. Now we had, I think, given you guidance of about 50 in that line. I'm still down at the 40 to 50 number. I think that's probably where that's going to come in. I wouldn't give us much more credit than that each quarter.
Richard Johnson: Yes. Actually, that's baked into my down $700 million guidance on the purchase impact. Yes, that's correct.
Richard Johnson: I think you will see more convergence because we're still -- I mean, even at $700 million down we still got a lot of purchase accounting accretion taking place. So it'll be, John, less of an impact from '11 to '12 and even less than that as you go '12 to '13 but by then, other than the debt, which goes on for 15 years, which is pretty de minimis anyway, we should be pretty well done by then.
Richard Johnson: That's correct. Yes. I've spent a lot of time focused on core NIM right now, because I think that's exactly, that's what we're managing to. We're growing that. We don't have as much control as the runoff of the purchase accounting, in fact, and we're focused on growing core margin and core Net Interest Income.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that's mostly the NPA -- it's mostly your TDRs. We have a lot of modifications taking place as you can imagine in the consumer, a lot of the commercial, and so the roll-in, once we modify those loans into the TDR, is causing that to go up slightly or flatten out, I should say. You can see further down in that schedule, you see that rolling out from there. The delinquencies, I'm not as concerned, John. That early-stage increase on the commercial real estate, the piece that was probably -- the fourth quarter was very low. If you look at the trend, as this business gets to maturity and we go into the workout phase, you should expect that the early-stage delinquencies on the commercial real estate to maintain the level we have in the first quarter, but I don't expect them to mature to later-stage delinquencies. You can see in the commercial real estate space, those numbers have come down dramatically and I don't expect these delinquencies to mature into late-stage delinquencies as well. They will either be charged off or they'll be restructured with more equity and taken off the watch list. John, the most important thing on the credit side is we did see a $1 billion drop plus in commercial criticized and classified loans. That's something that doesn't show up in delinquency or the NPL table but that's sort of the next level of credit and we've seen a huge migration there of improvement.
Richard Johnson: There's not a lot of change, Matt. If you recall, we gave you -- when we go live in 2012, the end of 2012, we said we'll be at 10% plus. If you recall, that was before the capital actions, [indiscernible] capital actions just to prove, so that will leave us really around -- that's about a point, so that will leave us 9%-plus. So nothing further has been clarified in terms of how the rules are going to work, although it's clear that the regulators are interested in hearing more and more about how those rules can be written, but our story doesn't change other than the capital actions.
Richard Johnson: Yeah, I mean we're going to update that with our 10-Q. As you know, we've put that number out in the 10-K, so we will update it at that point, Matt. And today, nothing has changed.
Richard Johnson: Well, actually, that's a pretty -- we've been reducing that number all year long. That's something we're working on, but this is a pretty sizable change relative to prior quarters. It's mostly in the commercial book. I'd say half of it is commercial, commercial real estate, it's probably $200 million, $300 million in that range, and then other de minimis amounts were up from other lines.
Richard Johnson: No, it's just proactive management, nothing there. You saw a little bit of a blip in the home equity space with some of bankruptcy costs going up, things of that sort, but that I would say would be the only area where we saw any kind of modest, very modest deterioration.
Richard Johnson: Yes, it'll come down. But I think the other thing is when you look at our NPLs to total loans, you look at our delinquencies to total loans, our ratios are much lower than a lot of the average of the peer group. So maybe the kind of declines you're seeing at others we've already had.
Richard Johnson: And Betsy, we pushed them up a bit in the fourth quarter just finishing the integrations, and we wanted to get some good marketing in all our new markets.
Richard Johnson: You know, what I would tell you is just at $100 million to what we had last year in core Net Interest Income and do the math. I really don't predict where I think the margin is going to land. I think it continues to improve. Quarter-over-quarter margin continues to improve from here, but I haven't specifically done the calculation. We can go back and do that for you.
Richard Johnson: We're expected to get some feedback on that in the next couple of weeks. I think once we have that feedback, we'll upgrade the clarity on how it's going to move forward. But right now, the last communication on the whole topic was just approval, or just better yet they did not object, excuse me. Let me be clear about that.
Richard Johnson: That was what we incurred as expenses in the fourth quarter associated with the moratorium on foreclosures and the whole exercise and review that was going on by our regulators, so we incurred about $70 million of costs associated with that in the fourth quarter, which was our estimate of what the total cost to us would be for the foreclosure process ceasing. Now it's back up and running in almost every market, so I think at least related to that pause, we are very comfortable with the reserves we have today.
Richard Johnson: That's baked into our marks. We've been updating it all year long and updating it based on what we received in the consent decree, and our marks are pretty good. And I think if you look at it, we're one of the lowest marked MSRs out there in the industry.
Richard Johnson: We saw a slight increase in delinquencies. We saw an increase in the number of bankruptcies in the industry as a whole and so, as a result, we increased the reserves in the quarter. Looking at those delinquency trends now into the new quarter, we're actually seeing those come down, so I think we're feeling better about where that's headed but we're just being prudent to set up the right reserves based upon the information we're seeing in the first quarter.
Richard Johnson: I mean obviously, we're in the syndication market. There's a lot of volume in that activity but spreads are getting tighter so generating revenue from that is a little bit more challenging than what it was a year ago, but we're not retaining a lot of large credits associated with the syndication market.
Richard Johnson: Yes, that and we had a, as you know, a $90 million swing in the commercial MSRs credit to debit from the fourth quarter to the first.
