William Demchak: Thanks, Bryan, and good morning everybody. You've seen this morning that PNC reported second quarter net income of $1.4 billion or $2.72 per diluted common share. Overall, we thought it was a really good quarter highlighted by continued solid execution on our strategic priorities with our key financial metrics all moving in the right direction. You would have seen we grew loans on both the corporate consumer side and we also grew deposits this quarter. We grew our net interest income and NIM as we increased investment securities and reduced our cash position at the Fed. We grew fees in customers and we managed expenses while achieving positive operating leverage and improving efficiency. Credit quality remains strong with non-performers declining and loss is stable. We maintained our strong capital and liquidity positions in the quarter and the Fed accepted our capital plan without objection. The CCAR severely adverse scenario this year was definitely much tougher than it’s ever been before but as the results indicate we would remain well above the post stress minimums. In regard to our capital return plan, I would point out our focus this year was to deliver a solid increase in our dividend which we did. On the share repurchase component, with the benefit of hindsight, we were obviously more conservative with our submission than we needed to be. Importantly though I want to emphasize that we continue to see buybacks as being attractive at current levels. Finally, we continued to invest in our businesses. These investments include our digital products and service offerings, new consumer and small business lending projects, healthcare payments processing and the ongoing expansion of our middle-market corporate banking franchise. In fact, I am happy to announce that on the back of the early success we’ve had in our previously announced expansion markets over the last 18 months or so, we are looking forward to further expanding the franchise in the Boston and Phoenix in 2019. Half way through the year, we feel good about our execution. Our relationship-based business model is working and that is creating growth opportunities for us. All that said, we have a lot of work to do in the back half of the year including the launch of our national retail digital model. Before handing it over to Rob, I just want to thank our employees for the continued hard work as well as our clients for their trust in us. With that, over to you Rob.
William Demchak: And notwithstanding all the news on trade, it doesn’t seem to be showing up in the sales pipeline or loan demand or even in dialogue with clients. There is obviously a handful who are impacted maybe more than that, but as subtracting that when we look at our pipeline it doesn’t seem to be playing into it at this point.
William Demchak: I don’t know that it’s a debate. As the curve flattens, it ultimately hurts us and we benefit from floating rate loans as LIBOR goes up but our yield on invested securities to the extent the ten year keeps trading inside of three years, it suffers. We did increased securities this year, but I would tell you some amount of the duration from that was offsetting interest rate swaps that we unwound which helps on that yield front as well. But I, at the end of the day, if we hang around some range bound around 3% on the ten year, we are going to see our securities portfolio track that.
William Demchak: Look, at this point, we just got done on the CCAR process. So we will take a look at it, of course if they also put in a commentary that you can resubmit if you want it. And we’ll watch our play through the course of the year. The one thing I would say on the buybacks, the other question you guys have relayed to us is, are we saving capital for some sort of acquisition, and the answer to that is no. So at the end of the day, whether we do a little bit more this year or we do extra next year, holding capital and not doing anything stupid with it, but vesting in our business. It’s a good thing. And we have a lot of – you’ve heard us talk about growth opportunities inside the company itself. So, we’ll look at it as the year goes on as to whether we resubmit our use of de minimis and the other stuff, but in the mean time we are not going to do anything silly with your capital.
William Demchak: One of the things you have to keep in mind and the reason we kind of have it higher than we are printing is it’s so low now that single credits can impact it. So, we could have a blip on a few credits go in a quarter and put us back in that range pretty easily. And even that range that we are guiding to right now is below what you would expect sort of on average through the cycle. So we are just at really low levels and maybe we are conservative in saying we’ll be a little higher and it keeps surprising ourselves. And it takes a tiny blip to move us.
William Demchak: I am not sure I follow, I mean, the cost of funds increase is just to related to the increase in LIBOR as much as anything else as we swap effectively our wholesale borrowings back into floating. So it hasn’t gone up on sort of a relative cost basis other than the impact on interest rates and of course net-net we benefit from that increase in rates on our floating rate loan portfolio. So now I don’t see us to get and see any opportunity.
William Demchak: Well, it will be enabled as a function of specific geographies and zip codes, both the ability to find it and search and then ultimately to open an account and move money. We do that purposely, so we don’t in effect could contagion bank with our existing markets. At launch, it will be basically available on a national basis in all markets where we currently don’t have core branch presence. We will focus our marketing efforts on a few select markets which we’ll announce sometime over the next month probably, that will be obvious to you when we do it. So it will be available basically on a national basis, but we’ll focus on markets where we already have a presence just not retail and where we are actually building branches just in a very thin network relative to …
William Demchak: That’s a fair question. I think, at this point, and you’ve heard me talk about this, what we are doing is chasing deposits with a low and effect marginal cost to them, because we don’t have a big physical plan cost associated with the deposits come in. So, it doesn’t take much to offset the cost of what we’ll deploy in marketing in the small branch build and I would think, given the offering we’ll have the simplicity at the linkage to the rest of the bank and our brand that we ought to be able to grow that deposit base at least as quickly as some of the other larger digital players that you see out there.
William Demchak: I mean, I think part of – part of this is, the trend is definitely moving towards digital account opening to digital deposits and the ability to pay higher rates with a low cost base behind it. I don’t think anybody knows that the actual at which this is going to grow and when and if you get a convergence between digital deposit pricing and what we pay in core accounts is within the rest of the network. So, we are going to kind of test and learn and by the way we will do it somewhat differently in each market as it relates to the way we spend marketing dollars and we’ll see what happens and we’ll report back as we learn.
William Demchak: Sure, Ken. In regard to the securities book in terms of what we are purchasing you can see is, residential agencies and treasuries, in total new adds are higher than the 291 around the 3% level, which is why you’ve seen some of that movement. We still have a lot of liquidity, the $20 billion, approximately $20 billion or so with the Federal which could be moved into by definition into high quality level 1 securities. So, we still have a lot of flexibility. We will continue to deploy more money on a tactical basis.
William Demchak: Yes, Governor – has made a lot of public comments separately in conversation with some of the industry groups. They, at some point intend to put out what I think will be a more scaled approach to both LCR and some of the thin bucket items. So effectively the things impacted by Basel II and the hard line at $250 billion, my hope would be to see that they would in effect rather than have for example on LCR at 70 and a 100, they would instead sort of scale that number as a function of asset size and other measures of complexity rather than have a binary trigger to certain dollar amount and all the body language out of the Fed suggested they are going to something like that.
William Demchak: I mean, I guess a couple things. Look, the net liquidity into this system from QE has been gradually dropping, but I don’t think that’s impacting us. What you are seeing is in shift, both on the consumer and the corporate side, the interest-bearing where they can get it. So lazy money is moving and that’s not really a surprise to anybody.
William Demchak: It’s still predominantly money market. We’ve – I think just last quarter, Rob, started getting a little more aggressive, sort of 18 months to two year CDs.
William Demchak: I mean, nothing unusual, it’s just working. If anything you are probably seeing an acceleration as we cross-sell into the some of the newer clients we’ve gotten out of the Southeast and get a greater proportion of fees from relationships that we sort of started through a credit relationship, but the offering is the offering. We continue invest pretty heavily in technology-based solutions for our clients and it’s working.
William Demchak: I mean, the borrowing cost again are up largely because of LIBOR broadly to find rates up and we did in fact, hedge out a fair chunk in a basis between threes ones over the course of the last four, five months I guess. So I don’t know that you’d see any impact going into the third quarter beyond whatever.
William Demchak: I think that’s right. I don’t know it’s interesting to watch as people talk about betas. Remember if our deposit betas, 50% make up a number here that’s beyond our stated beta and the Fed goes by another 25 basis points, we get 12.5 basis points.
William Demchak: Every time, so, on top of what we are carrying into it with a cumulative beta of wherever we are at this point. So, I don’t particularly understand that logic of course, betas were going to accelerate in a simple notion that you build a gap between what you are paying and where the Fed is. And then you gradually get to pace with where the Fed is maintaining that gap the whole time. So it doesn’t get worse. The other thing in our case, we are not an NII shop. We like it when rates go up and we make more money, but we continue to grow fees at a pace that has an opportunity at least as great as what we do in NII through time and it’s less volatile and less dependent on the environment. So, I – the market will do what it will do.
William Demchak: I was just going to say, the one fear that could be out there is, just to what extent people have fixed rate assets that ultimately – because mortgage is quick prepaying and so forth that you just lose carry-on. Right, so the balance sheet ends up being constrained by legacy fixed rate assets as they raise the front-end of the curve, you can see margins contract. That isn’t our case.
William Demchak: We don’t purposely throttle our growth one way or the other. We maintain the credit box that we always have. So, if a deal works for us, it works for us. We’ll compete on the price and in fact, for the last several quarters, we’ve seen spreads stay pretty constant where this quarter we saw them come in a couple of basis points on average. So we are not necessarily tightening credit and we are just not loosening credit to chase and that means that all else equal we win less deals in competition which is why total growth is both down. But that’s most apparent in CRE where we coming out of the crisis, we had quite strong growth that it’s tapered off over time as that market in our view has gotten overheated.
William Demchak: I mean, beyond our – beyond the market overall, we would like to believe that given the changes we’ve made in our technology around mortgage that we would do better on a share basis through time independent on what the market itself does. But we are in a fairly tough market for mortgages and you are seeing that in everybody’s results.
William Demchak: Yes, in fact, it’s pretty much concurrent with the launch, we’ll open a handful of branches. I mean, it will be a very, very thin network, it won’t look like any of our traditional retail markets. But we think you get – you have the potential for a much broader set of consumers to the extent you have physical presence in brand and the trust that comes with that as you launch digital.
William Demchak: Somewhat related to the new expansion. Look, we are – banking has changed. The ability to go de novo into a new market, you are right, I don’t think we’ve ever done it, but the way we’ve never really done it on the C&IB side either and that’s going game busters and then trailing that with the digital retail offering on the back of the brand presence that will get with the regional president model, the local marketing, the local presence, we think it works. You now have the ability through digital marketing and social media to get brand awareness for a thin branch network in a way that you just didn’t have available twenty years ago.
William Demchak: Yes, that’s right, because we are – so, priority number one, Mike, we want to be able to find a different channel to grow deposits, because right now, we have national loan growth capability against regional funding. So long, long-term we have been in balance there. Right, so, simply to high yield savings product is a good way for us to grow some stable deposits through time. But beyond that, because we have such a powerful platform in our virtual wallet product and the brand, we think we have a shot at least as good as anybody in converting those high-yield savings accounts into full PNC relationships with these customers and we spend a lot of time building the technology that’s going to make it very simple for somebody to convert those accounts. And that the handful of branches that we might have in a market, just is kind of the tipping stone to give somebody comfort that they are not dealing with the person behind the curtain here that there is actually a presence of go and talk to somebody if they need to.
William Demchak: Yes and no. So we are going to offer into that market including the customers that convert to a full relationship, a full digital price. Right, so the yield that we offer on savings products in these markets will be as high as than any of the online banks today and we will have with that, we’ll augment that with a handful of branches. So, when they convert to virtual wallet, that savings product inside a virtual wallet will offer this online rate. So in a world where rates are no longer zero, and that makes it a big difference to be.
Robert Reilly: I’d say, John, this is Rob. Good morning. I’d say, it’s all of the above. I mean, I think the important takeaway is, we are running a little higher to-date than we expected and we expect that to continue for all the reasons that you mentioned.
Robert Reilly: Yes, I’d say – I’d say that, when we look at the second half of the year, as I mentioned, the pipelines for loan and C&IB credits is healthy. I think the big change and nothing due this quarter, but the big change over the last couple of years has been the CRE component which is on slot. But corporate banking or middle market, the pipeline is healthy, our business credit secured businesses, specialty businesses all look pretty good. Large corporate, not as strong as it was and we think in part that’s due to some of the cash repatriation and some of the tax reforms. But I’d say generally speaking, it looks healthy.
Robert Reilly: Yes, that’s right. Scott, this is Rob. We are just working of such at low absolute levels that literally, particularly in the commercial portfolio, literally a deal or two moving in either direction can affect the range. And so, that’s a good thing and a good place to be, but it does – that makes the guidance…
Robert Reilly: Yes, sure. Gerard, this is Rob. The other category includes a lot of various line items, but the three biggest drivers tend to be private equity, asset sales and CDA. So in this quarter, as we mentioned, private equity had a very strong performance and then on top of that, we had the Visa valuation adjustment. So, those were the really the two big drivers. We guide to 225 to 275, because that’s where it tends to be on average, but because of the lumpiness of that category can be higher in one quarter and lower in the next and this quarter it was just higher.
Robert Reilly: That’s the big unknown question. We have spent a lot of time on the design and simplicity by which you can first open a high-yield savings account and then ultimately convert it to a virtual wallet account and we believe as evidenced by the fact, we are going to go in and build this branch to network that we will have some amount of success with that. But that’s what we are going to have to figure out. The research basically says, if there is in excess of 60% of consumers who are comfortable with a largely digital relationship with their bank subject to sort of a thin presence giving them some amount of comfort that they can go in a building screen that something – screen to somebody if we guess something wrong. But we are going to, we’ve set it up to the best of our ability. We are going to test and learn and we’ll see through times. My own belief is that over time, we will see that exceeds. I just don’t know how long it’s going to take and you are actually correct that thus far people haven’t been able to do that to a much extent.
Robert Reilly: And obviously, we are receptive to that the more the tailoring approach versus the - a sheer simple asset size.
Robert Reilly: Yes, I think, catch-up is probably a good word and that’s why we’ve put that chart, we break that chart in between current betas and cumulative betas. So, what changed this quarter was across commercial and consumer and a result total, our current betas went above our stated betas. But you can see on the cumulative beta we are still lagging. So, I do see – I see some acceleration on the current beta which by definition will pull up the cumulative beta, but the cumulative just moves a little slower.
Robert Reilly: Well, what I’d say to make it easy is, in terms of our guidance for the year, that’s all those thoughts are baked into that. A lot of moving parts there, but that’s our best estimate.
Robert Reilly: Well, in terms of our expense guidance for the balance of the year, we took it up a little bit commensurate with the higher revenue activity that we saw and we estimate a handicap. Events that might occur including a FDIC relief which isn’t assured and then we blend that all into – we blend that into our estimates.
Robert Reilly: I can jump in there to – so we pointed that out in the first earnings call that mostly just – not because just its size relative to our total NII, it’s just that it was a bit of a surprise and we weren’t sure at that time whether it was going to persist for the year. So we wanted to identify it. I think when we got into second quarter that Bill mentioned, we were able to move on a tactical basis to some one month index and then also to your point it did – the gap narrowed and it narrowed in a good way with one month LIBOR going up, three months LIBOR seeing relatively flat, because we benefit from that from our loan book. That whole issue bottom-line subsided substantially quarter-over-quarter.
Robert Reilly: I would just comment on the rates. I mean, your comment is exactly right. You go twos, tens, you get an extra twenty basis points. You’d have to really buy into a big curve inversion with 10-year rallying from here to want to do that. So, and that’s part of what we are doing.
Robert Reilly: And so, with that much capacity in the market, you are basically relying on purchase volume you are going to see margin squeezed.
Robert Reilly: And perhaps, Marty, you are right. Mortgage is obviously a smaller component and it’s a strategic product need for us. We want to be able to do it for our customers. So, I think the Refi wait is over for a while, so to Bill’s point we just have to set ourselves up for further purchase volume.
