Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Tom, this is Rob. Yes, we would expect to see that come down. We don't have definitive numbers on that, but that'll be part of our disclosures in our upcoming 10-K.
Robert Q. Reilly: I would say in terms of what we're seeing on the commercial side is very consistent with what we saw most during the year in terms of commercial real estate and some of the specialty lending businesses that we've seen. On the consumer side, the growth is coming in the form of the indirect auto, as well as the credit card, offset by the residential mortgages. So I wouldn't say there's any major change. Bill often alludes to the fact that the market share gains that we're seeing are sort of limited to certain geographies that we're in but not necessarily big movements.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we -- so we said in our first quarter guidance for core NII, we expect that to be modestly down. What were -- the challenges in the first quarter will be the continued decline in purchase accounting, as well as a couple of few less calendar days. Our ability go against that will be the loan growth.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Rob, this is Rob. Yes, it does. And just a clarification to the earlier question around the continuous improvement, that $500 million are additional ideas. But that's largely, as I mentioned in my opening comments, much of that will be used to fund the investments in technology and the retail transformation. So I just wanted to clarify that earlier point.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure. That's in our other income, and that is why it's elevated. I don't think we disclosed a specific number around the private equity transactions. They were up year-over-year, which was part of the elevated incentive compensation that we talked about in the fourth quarter. But generally speaking, in that other income, we say that we can usually count on roughly $300 million or so in that category on a quarterly basis. This particular quarter was a little bit higher because of that transaction, as well as some CBA [ph].
Robert Q. Reilly: This is Rob. I [indiscernible] that I think Bill said it will. I think what we expect to see in '14 is very much a continuation of what we saw in '13 in regard to NII.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. Sure, Betsy. This is Rob. I'll answer that. We have, as you know, seen significant growth in our auto portfolio. There's been a lot of talk in the industry in terms of where we are in terms of sort of the cycle in that regard. We are starting to see longer tenures and some pricing contraction, which we're cautious about. That being said, we still see growth in 2014 because auto numbers are still -- manufacturing are still very strong. And we've expanded a lot of our dealer networks across geographies, particularly in the Southeast, and we're seeing growth there. So we still see growth, maybe just not at the historical run rate.
Robert Q. Reilly: Nancy, this is Rob. I'll just add to that just to round that out. We have very de minimis holdings in CDOs. So that's not an issue for us.
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no. I didn't. What I did mention, though, is in terms of our calculations, we do use the advanced approach. That's the 9.4% number. What I've mentioned was that the standardized, which we do calculate, is converging with that and going forward may be our binding constraint.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. No, good question. It's similar to the earlier one. Now I'm going to refrain from the specific categories, but we did see higher-than-usual equity management gains, if you will. And generally speaking, in terms of that other noninterest income per quarter, a $300 million number seems to be where we average over time.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. It's a great question, Todd, and one that we spend a lot of time on, as you know. You're right. We've -- throughout -- particularly throughout 2013, we continue to be surprised on the upside in terms of the improvement in credit quality. And as a result, in terms of our guidance, we've continued to lower the range around provision. As I said in my opening remarks, the -- we don't believe that these low levels, particularly a 39 basis point charge-off ratio, are sustainable over time. So we would expect, and I don't know what quarter that would be, but we would expect those numbers to go back more to historical norms. And that's why our guidance for 2014 is above the $113 million number that we had here in the fourth quarter.
Robert Q. Reilly: Andrew, this is Rob. No, we didn't do it for the full year. Again the full year guidance was in broad categories in terms of revenues and expense, total expenses. What I did say was for the first quarter guidance, we expect fees to be down modestly because the -- largely, the Residential Mortgage repurchase release was a contra revenue or a fee item, if you will, in the fourth quarter.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes. No, I'm sorry. What I meant by saying what we'll see in '14 is similar to what we saw in '13 was more around the struggle, just in terms of spread compression, low rates against loan growth. So just that struggle in itself, not the outcome of that struggle for '14.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, we didn't really approach it like that. What we said in terms of our guidance for '14, was that we do expect revenues to be under continued pressure, principally, from the purchase accounting in the lower Residential Mortgage activity. And in light of that, that we have expense management as a priority and we do have plans for the expenses to be down year-over-year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, I think -- this is Rob. I think I can answer that. I think, clearly, earnings will help grow it. I think, within the disallowance of the cin [ph] bucket, probably the room where we could get more room is as we grow our Tier 1 common capital, that 15% general bucket, as you will, gets larger, creating more room in terms of what would otherwise be disallowed.
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure. This is Rob. Yes, we've been very pleased in terms of the growth in the Asset Management business, particularly following, as you know, several years of investments in terms of building out that distribution. We're still optimistic. The -- as Bill mentioned earlier, in terms of what we're trying to do with the mortgage company is largely what we've been doing with the Asset Management Group. And that's why referrals being up 44% is driving those kinds of numbers and confirming and validating our strategy in terms of that cross-sell, if you will. So we do see opportunities within the existing consumer base. And then obviously, with the addition of the Southeast territories and the offices that we put in place there, we'll continue to be optimistic.
William S. Demchak: I'm not -- I'll purposely be vague so you can't. Now going forward, I think for us and the rest of the industry, capital returns are going to become a bigger part of the story. What's going to be interesting is that at some point, as we all hit our operating targets on capital, the total amount of capital return is going to approach 100% or even go over. And then you get into this debate of whether -- how you can split that between dividends and share repurchase. But for PNC, absent the capital we need for organic growth, which has been pretty robust, our intention is to return it back to shareholders.
William S. Demchak: We -- well, we still have some moving parts on their proposal in terms of what's in and what's out. We are close but not there yet and working towards it. You saw this quarter the big increases in balances at the Fed, and that'll continue to increase. We still have some outstanding questions on Level 1 securities we pledge against municipal deposits and a whole bunch of other random things that we need to work through. But long story short on LCR, we can get there. It's kind of a mechanical exercise. It'll cost us a little bit of money at the margin.
William S. Demchak: The only -- so fourth quarter to first quarter comparison is a big comparison because fourth quarter was elevated. So that's why we said mid-single digits, and then the guidance for the full year is just that we will be down without getting specific about it. Now we have a lot of programs in place, and we're going to try to be aggressive about it, but we haven't given you specific numbers on actual expenses for next year.
William S. Demchak: It's already embedded in the generic guidance that we think we can be down year-on-year in total expenses. We talk about continuous improvement, and that the important thing is saying that we'll have expenses down year-on-year. So continuous improvement is an internal exercise that allows us to recycle expenses in effect, to fund our investments. So it's an internal goal. It's important because we try to sell fun [ph] things but practically focus on the year-on-year down, and we haven't been specific on that percentage.
William S. Demchak: Not particularly. We have gives and takes where you see auto, a little bit of card, offset by residential home equity, and student lending, which will continue to roll off. So basically flat this quarter and fairly muted growth we'd expect going out.
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I have specific answer to that. Some of the security balances that you saw on a spot basis kind of all occurred in late in the year, and frankly, where Treasury securities that were asset swapped largely against LCR requirements. So it's inflated, but it's not -- that wasn't what was driving our net interest income. So as we go forward, that mix between what we hold in securities to deal with LCR is going to kind of drive that. Loan growth basis, we're kind of saying mid-single digits. Of course, what changes that is if the economy really comes back, and we see utilization change, when you could then see that growth be quite substantial beyond that.
William S. Demchak: We're not -- I don't know that we're expecting that. If you follow cycles and loan yields continue to -- loan spreads, I shouldn't say outright yields but loan spreads continue to contract until something bad happens. So we've seen on the C&I side, I think we said it's seen a pretty steady grind of 4 or 5 basis points a quarter, and our expectation is will continue to see that.
William S. Demchak: Look, I don't know where it gets to in '14, but we don't target an end efficiency ratio because there's too many variables. I mean, you tell me an interest rate scenario, and I'll tell you what the answer will be on a efficiency ratio. What we do know is when we look at the way we're spending money in our core operations, we're inefficient. And more importantly, as we grow our company, what we were finding was that we weren't getting economies of scale out of the back office. In fact, our back-office costs were growing faster than our front-line operations. So our big focus over the next 2, 3, 4 years is really to streamline operations in technology that -- in a way that not just takes dollars out, but importantly gives us an ability to scale with revenues and create positive operating leverage. So we can be better than where we are on a ratio basis, but I don't tend to think about it that way. I tend to just look at what we're spending and say I can do better through time by rationalizing some of the stuff that we've put together through the integrations.
William S. Demchak: That's our fight, right? So you have the $300 million that comes off the top. We know we're going to grow loans. Loans are contracting in spread by our 4 basis points a quarter. We've largely run out the deposit repricing. And our security balances, all else equal, if we keep them neutral to duration of equity, we're rolling off 3.25 yields and putting on a 2.75. Those are all the moving pieces, right? It can change. If rates went up, and we invested more in securities, if loan growth was higher, utilization went up. But when we look at sort of the assumption that rates are going to do what the forward curve says, and we maintain a negative duration of equity, my comments are it's going to be the same fight in '14 we had in '13 to grow core.
William S. Demchak: No. Well, but remember the question was an easy question to answer because she said is it going to bottom. So it could bottom on December 31 of '14. I hope it bottoms before that, but those questions or those comments are kind of unrelated.
William S. Demchak: Probably a little bit of both. I mean, there is fixed infrastructure expense that we have in our budget that we need to do to be efficient in this environment. We're self-funding that through continuous improvement. At the margin, are there things that we could accelerate? Yes, probably. But we're keeping our eye on that, and it's important to us in this environment to be disciplined on expenses.
William S. Demchak: I don't -- we are today running over operating targets that we've put out there before. For an environment where -- for the CCAR process, the body language and guidance is still on a build capital mode coming from the regulators. At some point, my comment was just kind of at some point, we and everybody else are going to get to a point where we're well above whatever threshold you need to hold, and you're going to see total return to shareholders increase. I don't know when that is. It's not this year.
William S. Demchak: It's a great question, and the answer is actually what level do we want to end up at in the stress test. So our starting point kind of is a function of the target of the ending point. And of course, we want to maintain and be above the 4.5% in the severe adverse. Now the reason I say that is, depending on the economy that we're in or risk factors, that could dictate that we would run at an 8.25% in one environment and 8.75% in another environment. So I don't know -- we've talked about being 8% to 8.5% as a guideline. That kind of is reflective of where we sit today and what we expect we see in stresses. That could change through time depending on the environment. One of the things -- if you look at our ratio, the outperformance in B3 Tier 1 common this quarter, some of that came from AOCI and the effect of revaluing pension, right? If you think of in a stress, that will disappear instantaneously the same way it appeared.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So in effect, things that -- AOCI swinging around can cause you to carry a higher ratio than you otherwise might. But we don't -- we're not going to simply say we get to 8.5%, and that's where we need to stay. We need to look at the environment, and we need to make sure that in severe adverse case that we're above our thresholds.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So business-focused investment, a lot of it's going into retail where we continue to roll out of image-enabled ATMs and reconfiguration of branches as we make that change. On the technology side, core infrastructure side, we've got a lot going on, both application, replacement, infrastructure, data center upgrades, cybersecurity, all the stuff that I think we need to be a top player inside of this environment and against our -- the expectations we want to have with our retail clients on a seamless delivery through digital and physical space.
William S. Demchak: It's -- you're going to see -- it'll be a push. We're going to open some and consolidate some. But what you'll see through time is the reconfiguration of branches with universal employees, with square footage per branch on average going down with the continued rollout of image-enabled ATMs into old branch structures. So we're kind of, the raw number of touch points feels about right. But you're going to still see us reconfigure those touch points.
William S. Demchak: I don't know that I do. I think it can go materially higher from where it is. Our goal here, and it's important, we will serve the clients in whatever form they want. So whether that's they want to use tellers or universal employees or use digital, we'll do that. Through time, the trend continues to be increasingly towards digital. But we don't know the answer to that, right? That's part of what's playing out in the industry, and we're trying to figure that out as well.
William S. Demchak: Well, the -- so mortgage investment, we rolled out seamless delivery. We have, I mean, the investment goes back several years where we consolidated underwriting platforms and upgraded technology and worked through all the changing regulations. All that's ongoing. But the big change though is the work we've been doing in integrating mortgage into the company, right? And that's why -- that's one of the primary reasons why you see our purchase volume outpacing perhaps some of our peers. Instead of being a business where they were kind of out on their own originating transactions, now they're integrated into the branch network and part of our company. So we're working our retail channels a lot more aggressively than we used to. New things that will rollout in mortgage through time, we're working on a product that's kind of the equivalent of our Virtual Wallet or Wealth Insight or CFO Insight that will play in the mortgage space that we're pretty excited about and ought to help again with purchase volume. Notwithstanding all that, '14 is going to be tough. Volumes are going to be down. We've taken out costs. You saw in the third and fourth quarter, and we'll continue to watch that and deal with that depending on what volumes are.
William S. Demchak: It's pretty close to capacity simply because one of the things we did when volumes were -- one of the reasons we saw volume actually stay flat year-on-year is we were -- we had to build capacity to keep up with the refi requests we had. And we had, in fact, a third party out there who was helping us with some of that. So for our downsizing relative to new origination volumes, we were actually just -- we were able to cut this third party out and then take expenses out. So we're pretty much right-sized on the origination side today. We have opportunities on the servicing side as we work our way through the new mortgage regulations and become efficient on that. And then we'll see where we go depending on volumes.
William S. Demchak: You could, but we're national now, right? So we're integrated into the bank and we deal with our retail footprint, but we're pretty much across the country as we sit today.
William S. Demchak: I'm sure there is opportunity. I mean, our presumption is, if we can get good loan originators in this market, we would do so.
William S. Demchak: No. We're not going to change our risk bucket as it relates to auto. So I think what we have the opportunity to do and we've been pursuing is, as we've expanded into the Southeast, we basically bring on board new dealerships with our program. And that's a large part of the growth that you're seeing on our balance sheet.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, I will give you a sort of preliminary views. The direct impact that we have, and we've talked about this is that through time, we'll have to run down parts of our alternative investment books or our private equity book. We're prepared to do that. A lot of it's going to be monitoring costs. So we're going to have to have lots of people proving that we don't anything that we never did. And we'll make sure as we go through certain of our hedging activities on the balance sheet that they're compliant. So I don't know in the end that it's going to have a huge impact on us beyond the cost of compliance and the work set to make sure that we're there. One of the things I'll just bring up that you see in the press is the impact on CLOs, where depending on the structure of CLOs, they were ineligible securities. Of course, you see all the noise around the [indiscernible]. We own loan-based, so C&I loan-based CLOs, which are all largely at par thereabouts, and there is some possibility that some of those might need to be exited. But frankly, the industry is kind of working on that, and I think they can be restructured. So no real impact from that either. So I think -- a long-winded answer, but it's going to be a lot of work without a lot of impact I think.
William S. Demchak: I don't have a crystal ball into that. I read the same press and from the same players that you do. I think at the end of the day, housing finance is going to be the single-most important financial transaction that our retail clients are going to deal with. We need to be good at it. We're going to evolve with the industry as it evolves. Fannie and Freddie are obviously going to play a role, but it is a product that we need to be very good at. I don't have insight into the political movement as to whether or how they'll end up winding those things down.
William S. Demchak: Without commenting on specific litigation, we disclosed all that in the Qs, and you could look through it. I think the biggest piece of volatility we got out of the mortgage business was the settlements with the GSE, which weren't really litigation per se. And we'll see. We continue to operate in a fairly strange environment as it relates to people coming after banks, but we disclosed everything, and I guess we'll leave it there.
William S. Demchak: No. It's -- just quickly I guess. '13 was a great year for us and for the industry. We're looking forward to '14. I think we've been pretty clear on what our challenges and opportunities are. We appreciate everybody joining us this morning.
Betsy Graseck: It's Betsy Graseck. So a couple of questions. One was on reinvestments. And it does look like you've reinvested in the mortgage market. You mentioned that the purchase mortgage originations you've had are about twice the industry in 2013. So wanted to understand what else you have to do there in the mortgage space to leverage the mortgage banking platform you have and how you are going to be navigating this year with, again, a big decline in refi. Maybe you could just talk to that.
Betsy Graseck: Right, right. Okay. I was just thinking, you might be able to do more in non-footprint locations than you have been doing. But I guess your answer is no.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then the second kind of theme is on auto, and I just wanted to dig in a little bit on what your plans are for focusing on the auto space, given that there's a little bit of a shift going on there, too.
Betsy Graseck: And then do you just -- do you feel like there's a better opportunity for you in either prime, near prime, subprime. Some guys are talking about how capital requirements push them one direction or the other.
