Bill Demchak: Thanks, Brian and good morning everybody. As you’ve seen, we had a strong fourth quarter and full year for 2021. We successfully completed the conversion of BBVA USA early in the fourth quarter and have been running hard as one bank since then. The transaction continues to meet or exceed our deal projections and Rob will give you some of those details. I am especially pleased by our ability to announce, close and convert a transaction of this size inside of 11 months. Challenges notwithstanding, we had the talent, the technology and the strategy to accomplish this and to combine our organization in a way that will provide growth opportunities for years to come. The acquisition positions us with a coast-to-coast presence and along with our continued organic growth strategies, including our recent expansion into Las Vegas, we now have a presence in all of the top 30 U.S. markets. We are excited about the opportunity this presents and we are confident in our ability to generate growth by executing on our Main Street relationship-based model. That said, we recognized that we have a lot of work to do in building out the new and expansion markets, which will be our primary focus in 2022. BBVA obviously impacted our results for the full year and Rob will walk you through the details. Excluding BBVA, we generated record revenue, highlighted by strong non-interest income with broad-based contributions across our commercial and consumer businesses. We also maintained outstanding credit quality and a very strong capital position. While we continue to opportunistically deploy some of our excess cash into higher yielding securities throughout the year, we remain well-positioned with substantial excess liquidity to capitalize on a rising interest rate environment. Our reported results for the fourth quarter reflected the impact of almost $440 million of BBVA integration costs. Excluding these, we generated nearly $1.6 billion of net income and solid returns. Importantly, excluding the impact of PPP loan forgiveness, we saw decent underlying loan growth trends and some uptick in utilization rates, which is very encouraging, as Rob will discuss in more detail. Critical to our long-term success has been the quality and stability of our talent and we pride ourselves of being an employer of choice, given the recent dynamics of the substantially increased competition for talent. In part due to the great resignation, we experienced greater wage pressure during the fourth quarter and I expect that to persist into the coming year. Naturally, we will look to offset these increases with our continuous improvement efforts, which include driving further automation and rethinking core processes. We continue to invest in technology to enhance our capabilities in an increasingly digital world. Customers are looking to their financial providers to offer innovative tools that help them manage their money in ways that are faster, smarter and more convenient, whether that be expanded use cases for Zelle, where transaction volumes are up 50% or low cash mode. For example, by providing account transparency and control, low cash mode has substantially reduced customer overdraft fees and related complaints. I will close by thanking our employees for their hard work and steadfast commitment to our customers and communities. Because of our employees, we had a remarkable year and are well-positioned to serve all of our stakeholders in 2022 and beyond. And with that, I will turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our results and then we’ll take your questions.
Bill Demchak: Well, you kind of answered your own question because we’re consistent. All else equal in this environment first focus on the potential of loan growth and using it a good way, a bias, strong bias towards dividend, but we will still be in the market to repurchase shares. And I think you’ll probably see us accelerate some of the things we’re doing on the smaller side in terms of product activity bolt-ons into TM and so forth. None of that – by the way, those acquisitions won’t add up too much, but they have become an important part of just adding core capabilities as we go into a digitized world.
Bill Demchak: So our economist expects for hikes. I actually think it’s going to be more aggressive than that, but I’m an outlier in our committee, and we....
Bill Demchak: And our forecast is at this point, pretty much on the forward curve at this point. I think the plan, Rob, I don’t know if you want to talk to the plan of we’re going to gradually add duration throughout the year. There wasn’t any magic to it, and we didn’t really build in, in Rob’s guidance some assumption that we would go at it even more aggressively for each reacted.
Bill Demchak: No. No. So to unpack the guide for next year, the – I think the P&C legacy expenses are up maybe 1%.
Bill Demchak: Yes. Yes. And so did we prepack investment? We’ve said all along that we’ve had a steady state and actually a fairly high level of investment in our core business. And then you’ll remember in the guidance for BBVA that in the $900 million of cost saves, that was a netted number against investments we are going to make to build out those markets. So inside of everything you’re seeing there actually has a lot of investment already built into it.
Bill Demchak: I also think – we’ve had – it’s worth noting, we’ve had some debate internally on the continuous improvement number and can it be larger? Because I think we all see opportunities in the operating environment as we move forward with BBVA. The challenge is continuous improvement is something you know you can do, whereas right now, we’re still in the process of we know it’s there. We just don’t know where yet. Once we kind of lock it down and can track it, it shows up in continuous improvement.
Bill Demchak: We will leg in throughout the course. But remember, what’s in our guide on securities, doesn’t dent our liquidity profile. So what we have in our guide here is kind of steady deployment working towards the 25% to 30% will add balances. It doesn’t even dent the potential of what we could do with liquidity.
Bill Demchak: So it’s kind of a – it’s a baseline budget boring. The rates do this. We do the following. If there is if rates go beyond or even if we get to a place where we think rates have probably gone where they need to go, not as high as I think they’ll go. We could increase that, but that’s not contemplated in the forecast that we have right now.
Bill Demchak: And remember inside of that mix, right, that’s a big portfolio of securities, big difference in the yield coming out of buying short-dated treasuries, which has been kind of our recent trade versus going further out the curve and going back towards mortgages once you assume the extension risk is taken out. Massive difference in yields. So it’s – some of it’s notional of security. Some of it’s what you’re actually buying and both of those will be driven by the speed and outlook for rates over time.
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, if my individual view is right, there is a lot of upside. But the forecast that we’ve given you and what’s kind of in our plan is steady state follow the forwards and leg in over time.
Bill Demchak: Two very different questions. We – as you’ve seen, we’ve done a number of small things, Tempus probably being the most interesting one where we bring in certain payment capabilities that lead to other opportunities. And we see more and more of those. By the way, we’re not unique at that. A lot of banks are playing in the space. They are not terribly expensive, but oftentimes, you get modules of technology that can be sort of bought into and then scaled across your broader platform. So that’s – I just think you’re going to see more of that as we continue to compete in digital space for both the consumer and the corporate. On the branch side, we have plans to further as we always do, kind of build out selectively in the markets where we’re underpenetrated. But at the same time, you’ll see us continue our practice of consolidating the thicker market so no real change there and all that’s in the numbers we’ve given you.
Bill Demchak: Well, so you got to separate something, our credit box per se, right? So the type of clients we lend to, the leverage they can have, all the things you would otherwise measure. We really don’t change that over time. Having said that, of course, even inside of that box companies are doing better or they are doing – trending more poorly. I think we are going to go into a period of time here as we go towards the end of the year. We are all else equal, there will be pressure on credit, not because we changed our underwriting standards, but because of the downgrade ratio will change. Rob and I were talking before the call, if you actually look at our reserve ratio, particularly when you adjust it for credit cards, I can’t think of a period of time where you are kind of going into rising rate environment, which is going to help us, loan growth, which is going to help us and feeling healthy reserves when you compare where we are versus – I will just call it that versus the rest of the industry in terms of raw percentages against balance and you know our book through legacy performance.
Bill Demchak: Well, the new money out, right, so the new clients and new money that we are committing, whether it’s drawn or not, has accelerated for the last bunch of months and a lot of that is related to the newer markets we are including some big wins coming out of the BBVA markets. The utilization part, right, so the money is out now is somebody borrowing more under what line is broad-based. And if you just think about how many clients we have, it’s kind of distributed across everything.
Bill Demchak: Yes, is largely the economy, right. The assumptions where we marked credit and looked at credit turned out to be conservative. But that’s what we saw at that point. That better than expected, if I look at it, I think the teams that we have been able to deploy in the market, some of the talent that BBVA had, some of the talent we were able to hire that the amount of call volume that we are having in the new markets with new products and old clients and with new products and people with new clients, all sort of wildly outpacing what we were able to do with RBC in our newer markets in the past and then just wins, showing up with clients early on. So, that’s kind of all in the business momentum side and continues to give us comfort on our ability to build out the markets. The credit is a lot better than we thought. The expense guide, we go out there and we say take $900 million including investment, and we stick to that. But to Rob’s point, you guys know this of us through time. It doesn’t mean that we are going to stop looking once we hit our expense guide. And I guess I would just leave it there.
Bill Demchak: I think the easiest way to answer that is when I was talking about continuous improvement a little while ago. We kind of know there is stuff there through some metrics and some thought process today. But until we can put an action plan together, quantify it, know how we are going to measure it, I can’t – I am not just going to throw an expense guide in there that probably is embedded, but I am not sure.
Bill Demchak: It is, but we have largely hired them off. We hit – you need to understand, when we closed and then converted, we had basically the teams built out in all of these markets, Mike. So, they are in our run rate.
Bill Demchak: It’s a great question, and that’s obviously going to impact it. And in the extreme, if they shrink their balance sheet dramatically, it obviously would impact betas and make them higher. The offset to that, though, is you got to remember with loan growth, you actually create deposits, right. So, if loan growth does pick up, as the Fed is dropping their balance sheet, which isn’t unlikely, that loan growth actually generates deposits. If you think about just the leverage on the capital you hold for a loan and the money goes everywhere else. So, I am not sure I have iterated my way through exactly how that’s going to play out other than it feels like the combination of those two things should leave us extremely liquid deposit-wise for the next several years.
Bill Demchak: I don’t think the system works that way. If the Fed shrinks its balance sheet, you will likely see corporate cash – I don’t know that you can think through it that way. I think it transmits through the banking system and I think it hits everybody largely the same as a function of their corporate and consumer mix, but corporates behavior like corporates and consumers behave like consumers.
Bill Demchak: Yes, we are starting to. I think investment yield was the story. On a premium amortization issue of the third quarter, which was elevated. It went down in the fourth quarter, but it’s still elevated over what I would consider normal levels. So, that worked against us a little bit as well.
Bill Demchak: Yes. No, you hit it. It’s definitely on the wage side in the fourth quarter. And it just goes back as we go into 2022. It goes back to what we were saying earlier in terms of how we laid out the year. We have the cost saves locked in for the BBVA side. We have investments on the non-BBVA side that are largely offset by our continuous improvement numbers. So, that’s how we put it all together, and that’s the plan.
Bill Demchak: Yes, I can answer that one, John. That’s complex. And in some instances, I don’t know if we know because we haven’t run CECL through an environment like that. But academically speaking, we will get to the point where we will need to grow reserves in concert with your balance sheets, bigger loan balances. But we are still in this place where we are running high in terms of percentage terms. So, there is going to be some offsetting factors there is my guess in 2022.
Bill Demchak: Alright. No concluding remarks. I know you guys are busy. Thank you for dialing and we got a lot of calls today. Look forward to talking to you in the first quarter. Thanks.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure, John. So full revenue – full year revenue up 8% to 10%, break down those components, net interest income up low teens. And that does that does factor in the rate increases that we spoke about in the comments – opening comments and then on the fees, mid-single digits year-over-year. So, those two together get you to the 8% to 10%.
Rob Reilly: Yes, sure. So for the full year guide, it’s 10% average, but probably a better indicator is the spot just because of the acquisition dynamics on the average number. So, spot up from period end 5%. And we see a continuation of what we started to see in the fourth quarter, which was some expanded utilization in the commercial book, picking up through 2022. And then a little bit less on the consumer side. Consumer customers are still pretty flush with cash. So loan demand there, certainly in the first half of 2022, we expect to be softer than the commercial side.
Rob Reilly: Well, in terms of our guidance, Erika, what we apply in terms of beta is what we’ve seen in past cycles, which, generally speaking, will be a lag on the front end. So my expectation and what we built into the guidance is that we will see some beta increase, but not until the end of 2022 and it will probably be more of a factor in ‘23. Just because of the levels of liquidity and deposits that we have.
Rob Reilly: And of course, our continuous improvement of $300 million offset investments. And that’s something that we’ve been doing for a number of years.
Rob Reilly: Yes. The other thing that I would add to that, Gerard, is that the pipelines in our commercial book are strong. And in the new markets, they are up percentage-wise significantly.
Rob Reilly: And I just think – this is Rob, Mike. I just think it’s premature. So, we worked hard in 2021 to get that $900 million in savings into that $1.7 billion run rate. So, we got to get going, and this is getting going part.
Rob Reilly: Okay. The expansion of your question is, are we going to see weight, do we expect to see wage pressure in 2022, we do and that is built into our expense guidance.
Rob Reilly: Yes. I would just say, if you are taking a look at the full year, Ken, just going through the categories, asset management, we would expect to continue to increase in that mid single-digit range, consumer higher than that, in part due to the addition of the BBVA franchise. But as you hit it on corporate services, we had such elevated levels in 2021. Our expectations for 2022 are down a bit. Residential mortgage may be up a little bit and then service charges on deposits down as we get the full year effect of reduced overdraft fees that we expect from low cash mode. So, you put all that together, that’s how you get to mid-single digits.
Rob Reilly: John, just because I know all of our employees are listening. We are going to – this plan assumes that we are paying people competitively in a competitive market for talented people. We just need to find the dollars elsewhere to be able to do that.
