William S. Demchak: Well, first off, inside of that decline, a chunk of that, Rick knows the number, came from swaps that matured that were -- they're effectively A&L management long positions that we used to manage deposits, but we point them to loans. And as they roll off, the reported yield on loans drop. So the actual spread on the loans that we have on the book declined this quarter versus prior quarters. There's no increase or change really in the trend. On the demand side, the fight for small business, commercial, middle-market, generic product is pretty fierce, and we haven't seen much growth in that product, either outright new balances are changing the utilization. Where we continue to see progress is in our asset-based lending, in our real estate, in some of our verticals, health care and public finance and in specialty lending segments where we just -- frankly, we run into a lot less competition. The smaller banks aren't playing in that space.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, remember, part of the noise you're seeing inside the yields, inside the NIM and inside the net interest income was a conscious decision as we basically -- when rates going back to April, were down at $165 million in the 10-year. We just let stuff roll off. We weren't replacing anything, and then we accelerated it through sales. So in effect, we took a lot of chips off the table, didn't replace and then replaced towards the end of the quarter. It wreaks havoc on our reported NIM and net interest income this quarter, but we think it was the right economic thing to do for the long term.
William S. Demchak: I think the rule is that, if you're a mandatory [indiscernible]B2 bank, that you don't have a choice, and you have to [ph] kind of AOCI, yes, so we're in.
William S. Demchak: Yes. I mean, one thing I'd point out, with all the press on higher rates and how this helps in the future, we're rolling off securities with average yields. I don't know, they're at 3.25 or something, and we're replacing them at 2.75. So all else equal, what we've stayed equally invested, you'd still continue to see a decline. Having said that, we've been massively under-invested and increasing that short position through the front end of this year as rates got lower and lower. So our ability to increase invested balances is -- even at somewhat lower rates on our average is going to increase the amount of revenue we get from it. And we're -- we can argue about the levels, but one thing is certain, we're closer to fair value on fixed rate returns today than we were in April.
William S. Demchak: It's $1,294,000,000, Scott. You see we kind of drew a total of fee income. You take out the security gains, and that's where -- that's what we're talking about.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Well, it's -- look, like everybody else, we expect that to decline as volumes decline and capacity and volume start matching. Now one thing that benefits us, and you see it in our printed numbers versus peers going back through time, is the fact that we're kind of retail-only not through corresponded channels. So that will help us. And we have been focused on purchase and have grown purchase, my guess would be at a pretty good clip relative to peers and it's the total percentage of the origination. So that'll help. But it's going to decline as total assets decline. We'll wait and see how much that is. But we feel pretty good on a relative basis as to where the company is positioned. They've done a good job reconfiguring the old National City Mortgage.
William S. Demchak: Yes, we have full product and client teams in all the markets down there, and have had sort of 6 months after we closed the thing, we're basically up and running. And we've been, as you heard in my comments, we've been growing clients across all lines of business, including Wealth where they had literally nothing. They didn't have a single employee. But the reception on the Corporate side, Wealth and Retail were growing clients is pretty good. And by and large, we find those markets, particularly on the Retail side, to be less competitive than some of our other markets. And on the commercial and corporate side, no more than competitive than the other markets.
William S. Demchak: Well, the charge-offs on the commercial side were particularly low. That's kind of our issue. We don't operate the business. We don't think of the business running at those levels in the near term. It's great that they do, and we hope they continue. But it's not really indicative of what we would say that's on our book.
William S. Demchak: No, I think that it's hard to argue that applications for the industry aren't going to fall with higher rates, so that's going to happen. We feel pretty good about our position in inside of that decline in apps. But we, like everyone else, we're -- as we go through this, we're also going to have make our engine a little more efficient and take capacity out on the cost side, and I think you'll start seeing people start to talk about that.
William S. Demchak: Yes. But it's -- I mean, I would tell you, it's not lower by the same big percentage as I've heard bandied about.
William S. Demchak: I don't know -- I'm not sure I quite follow the leverage on the borrowings comment, but just on the...
William S. Demchak: Yes. Well, I mean, a couple of things. The majority -- the vast majority of the investment that we did in the back, clearly, couple of weeks of the second quarter were forward settling, so you're going to see stuff show up later in the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, where you'll start seeing the improvement in income from the balances. The simple math is we're rolling off balances as they mature at 3-plus percent in yields and replacing them at 2.75%. But we're very under-invested relative to what we should be in terms of the value of deposits we hold. So we have a lot of room to put money to work at more rational rates. And rates today, they're rallying a bit today, but rates today are still almost 100 higher in the 10-year than they were in the tights [ph] at the beginning of the second quarter.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Look, I think, by and large, and Rick can comment on it, that we've kind of played out the ability to drop our cost of funding. You will see us change our mix of funding perhaps as we look at bank notes and other things that we want to do as we get ready for LCR, but I don't think you're going to see a big change in the cost of funding. For us, it's really an issue of what's going on in the asset side, how we choose to invest in fixed rates through the rate cycle and our ability to grow loans at a decent risk-adjusted return, albeit, while credit spreads in general continue to decline. I mean, that's the game we and every other bank in the country are playing right now.
William S. Demchak: Yes, sure. Look, we're not at all thinking we're going long in this market, but we had literally gotten to the point where we were running everything off and not replacing anything off of what was already a very short position. So simple prudence, given the backup in rates at least has us replacing run-off, particularly run-off and then sales that occurred in the second quarter. So it's not as if we're going to go out and think, this is the panacea of we're buying the market here. But it is enough of fair value or higher than simple prudence suggests that we ought to replace some, and that's what you'll see us doing.
William S. Demchak: Right. I guess what we see and we hear from the businesses is the trend line in credit spread decline hasn't really changed, right? They've been kind of grinding in a couple of handful of basis points a quarter, and that continues. And notwithstanding the noise that you see in the reported numbers in the second quarter, the trend didn't really change in terms of what we're originating in credit spread. It's just...
William S. Demchak: We've said the same thing for a long period of time. BlackRock has been a phenomenal partner and investment for our company. I wish we had this issue 5 times -- 5 times over inside of the things we own. Having said that, we recognized that through time, BlackRock has become more of an investment than a partnership. We recognized that we have a large position that we need to be cognizant of because it takes up a big chunk of our capital on our balance sheet. We currently like the returns that we get from it. We know that because of the low tax base in that ownership, that an outright sale of that entity is not friendly for shareholders. So the best thing I could say to you is that you should think of us as rational stewards of your capital. We look at that position and think of ways to optimize it. There is nothing currently on the table that we're contemplating that would do better for you than simply owning it today, and that's where we are. But we look at it all the time as you would expect us to in any position we would hold that would be that large.
William S. Demchak: I mean, I would tell you that, Rick continues to hedge this expense guidance a little bit. It's getting a little more bullish than, I mean, originally I think we said we'd be flat core, and now we're seeing we're flat to down and we'll be a little more than 5%. But the practical truth is, the company has really gotten behind the notion that we need to drive a more efficient organization, and we continue to be positively surprised by what we're seeing on the day-to-day roll up of numbers, whether it's headcount or outright expenses. So our guidance is what our guidance is. But I like what I am seeing, I like the work the company is doing, I like the fact that the employees have kind of gotten a bit between their teeth and are taking it seriously, and we're encouraged by it.
William S. Demchak: Well, what did you say to him? Are we -- we're going to be down by more -- what was your -- down by...
William S. Demchak: Well, just a couple of comments on the book. One of the things you will have noticed if you done the peer comparisons, if you look at our -- we put our after-tax loss up, but if you look at the pretax equivalent of that against the notional of our book, you'd come with a conclusion that it's a very short duration book. As we've said before, a big chunk of that is floating. So don't get hung up on the notional book relative to what we would do in terms of closing the duration gap on equity. With respect to outright by volume that we could do to get to a positive duration of equity, all I would tell you is it's a substantial amount. And there's been times in our history, in fact, we got this really right going into the rate rally post the crisis, I think our duration of equity was north of what, Rick? 3 or 4 years.
William S. Demchak: So there's a lot of room to go from here and big impact ultimately on NII when and if we get to that point. But we haven't put out and I'm not going to quantify what a year's worth of duration of equity is in terms of security balances.
William S. Demchak: When we reinvested the proceeds, basically the drop price on a forward settled security and/or starting swap, the implied financing -- to bore you with details, the implied financing price of settling that forward was negative. It was a big yield pick up to start forward, so that's what we did.
William S. Demchak: Well, on the commercial side, we continue to benefit from the verticals in the specialty lending, so you saw a growth in asset-based lending. Interestingly, some of that growth coming on the back of utilization increases, which is the first time in a long time we've seen that. And you see growth in real estate balances largely as a function of utilization increases as projects fund up and get completed, although we had good originations there as well. Specialty lending in some of the verticals and in health care and public finance, our equipment leasing business, we feel pretty good about the activity in those businesses. If we were relying on pure plain-vanilla senior secured commercial middle market, I'd have a different take on what we could do. But the specialty stuff is -- continues to play out for us.
William S. Demchak: I mean, look, we hope we'd be able to grow faster the good risk-adjusted return. I would tell you that the market, certainly, in certain sectors is getting increasingly competitive and there's areas where we're choosing to walk away given the spread or structure on the loan where 1.5 years ago, we wouldn't have because you would've been paid better for it. So that's probably the constraint is just relative competition and the degree to which the credit markets get overheated here.
William S. Demchak: We didn't -- in terms of fundings and pipelines, I don't know that you saw it. Anecdotally, when rates first spiked, you hear a lot of comments of kind of deer in the headlights and people just choosing not to make a decision. But in terms of just volumes, I don't know that, that necessarily flowed through anything. We did see less so in our books given the business we're in, but on the leverage credit side and high yield in the larger syndicated leverage loans, we obviously saw a complete freeze in the market when rates went up, as people were trying to react to that. But that didn't really impact us.
William S. Demchak: Yes. So that -- so it has been a change in what is considered nonperforming, which has caused some of that increase.
William S. Demchak: We've got 1,000 pages we're looking through and we're studying the whole thing, but we really don't have a view right now on exactly how that's going to be handled. We're still sticking with, at least at the moment, in the ratios we put out here for you based on the original MTRs and based on our understanding of that.
William S. Demchak: So we're not changing the business. It's a very high return business for us. It just looks confusing on the income statement. But the economics to shareholders are good, and so we'll continue it.
William S. Demchak: Well, a couple of things. Without -- we don't have exact internal metrics where we'd compare efficiencies by regions. But I would tell you without having those, that the Southeast is much worse than everywhere else. And Rick is looking at me. I guess because of accretion accounting that...
William S. Demchak: But the core activity on those markets is well below what we -- in other markets, and that's the opportunity set. What you see in terms of growth is interesting because we continued to run off non-core balances in the market. There's a lot of investor owned real estate stuff that we just don't want. If we have been able to do that and replace it with clients that we do like and balances that we do like. The time line on it, we think of the Southeast as we want to turn that into the next Philadelphia or Cleveland or big market. So we don't sort of this is in a 1- or 2- or a 3-year game. It's going to be a long-term game where we're in those markets and turn those markets into markets that behave like our legacy markets, which are materially more productive today than what we see in the South. We knew that going in. We're pleased with where we've gotten to today. My guess is it'll continue to improve through time based on what we're seeing.
William S. Demchak: Yes, fair enough. I mean, we don't -- because we don't -- purposely don't do regional P&Ls given some things are regional, some are centralized, we don't run the company that way. But we do look at metrics in the Southeast in terms of levels of activities and loan balances and clients, and we can do better and should do better going forward to put some of those metrics out to you guys.
William S. Demchak: Yes, we're comfortably above at where we are today, and our business model would -- arguably, we're not changing our business model. So even as we grow and continue to support those higher levels. So it didn't cause us a lot of concern one way or the other.
William S. Demchak: I don't -- I just don't know, right? Everybody talks about that. As a practical matter, we got approval to do RBC. We haven't really focused on it because we have enough on our plate today in terms of what we're trying to accomplish and grow. So since acquisitions haven't really been on our radar, we haven't been too sensitized to whether they would let us do it or not, to be honest with you.
William S. Demchak: Yes. Just real quickly, so this is after 8 years of doing these calls, this is Rick's last time doing the call. I'll be joined in the third quarter by Rob Reilly. But on behalf of the firm, I'd just say thank you to Rick for helping us steer through what was a fairly remarkable 8 years for our company in the economy, and we greatly appreciate it.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. I think, Gerard, if I could help a little bit there. You also had in that total loan yield balance, you had about a $40 million decrease in purchase accounting accretion related to cash recoveries, which is about 9 bps of the decline, as well as to Bill's point, the decline related to the swap maturities.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're going to continue to see pressure on loan yields. I mean, we would expect that to come down, but I think the balances we'll add in lending will offset that in terms of what the impact would be on core net interest income. We've already spoken briefly about the securities portfolio where you will see a decline in yield there as well. But again, the reinvestments Bill mentioned in the third and fourth quarter should help us to be able to maintain that balance and grow net interest income. The pressure is going to be on the scheduled accretion on purchase accounting where you would expect that to continue to come quarter-over-quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: And what we're -- where we're looking at, we're not expecting to repurchase reserve to repeat. And also in that, you have on the commercial side, the valuation on the CMSRs. We're not expecting that to repeat either at debt level but will grow off of those numbers, yes.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. The actual number was 30 -- it was actually $45 million CMSR in the quarter. It was actually $11 million in the first quarter, so that's your increase of about $34 million. And that flows through your corporate service line, corporate service fee income.
Richard J. Johnson: No, that's just adding customers and focused on the brokerage business. The retirement investment business getting that to be more of an annuity product going forward. No, that's just good growth.
Richard J. Johnson: It's clearly seasonal off the first quarter. But you can see we've got strong growth year-over-year as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. We just -- during the quarter, we didn't quite see as much growth as we're expecting in the loan book. We did have good growth, but it wasn't as much as we are hoping for. And then, I think, if you take a look at the charge-offs line as it relates to the commercial book, they were extremely low in the quarter. And so therefore, the pace of the improvement and credit quality in the commercial bank is much more than we have anticipated. Now going forward, we just think that, that pace of growth is going to ease a bit from where it is today, and we think we're going to continue to add credit exposure, net credit exposure to the portfolio overall. As a result, we've hedged our guidance back to the $170 million to $250 million range.
Richard J. Johnson: So I would expect to see additional commercial reserve release, but I would not expect any on the consumer side.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, they did approach us in November and they asked for about 8,000 files. They came back in May and asked for something like 10,000 files. So they had actually upped their interest in the files related to the old Nat City originations. We hope they're done.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, John, I think in the past, we've said we wouldn't hit 1.5% without some help from rising rates. And we got it this quarter but in a different kind of way, the impact on some of the asset yields and so on. I still think we still need to have a higher rate environment to exceed 1.5% over time.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, actually, let me point out in Q2, actually, we're quite pleased. We had $4.7 billion in originations. Margin stayed flat at about 4%, 10% increase in origination revenue, we are pleased with that. But you're right, we do expect those volumes to fall off in the second half of the year, and the margins to go with it, as Bill mentioned a minute ago. I don't know, Bill, if you have further to add to that.
Richard J. Johnson: And while refinance is going down, our percentage of purchase mortgage this quarter was 28%, which was pretty high relative to others.
Richard J. Johnson: Our duration of equity is still negative what, 3, 3.5 years, something like that. That's still pretty sure.
Richard J. Johnson: No. Towards the end of the quarter, it was probably closer to 3.5% as opposed to 4%. But -- so it was coming down in terms of the overall margin.
Richard J. Johnson: That is a reported number. And as you know, the TruPS and integration and all that will be effectively 5%. And we're going to beat that, so we're going to be below $10 billion.
Richard J. Johnson: It really depends on the business. I mean, asset-based lending is still getting good returns, commercial real estate still getting good yields. If we're adding it to our conduit, which is basically the securitization activities, that's very high quality paper. But you're probably only seeing under 50 basis points or even less. So it really depends on the mix of the book.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes. Ken, if you go to page -- Slide 7 of our presentation, we have fee income of $1,294,000,000. That's up from $1,251,000,000 in the first quarter. We're basically saying that we will grow fee income solidly from the $1,294,000,000.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, I don't think unless the opportunities present themselves, I'm going to have a lot of net gains on securities given where rates have moved to. Potentially, as we consider monetizing Visa, we could have further gains there over time, but that's hard to predict. And then within the $372 million, you have about $35 million due to rates going up on our client hedging activities and the credit exposure related to that to CVA. I'm not expecting that to repeat, so I think that number will be lower. But if you take that other category, particularly, we say that's about $250 million to $300 million is what you can expect out of us. Maybe, maybe a little higher than that now, maybe we should be pushing that up to $275 million to $300 million in the quarter given the growth in the company.
Richard J. Johnson: No, the RBC was already baked into our investments for the year. Just -- you had $150 million in 2013, which is the full year running rate of what we invested in 2012. But we do plan to exceed the $700 million. We haven't quantified by how much. And I think that will contribute to the fact that we are going to exceed a 5% decline in year-over-year reported expenses.
Richard J. Johnson: But what you can take away is just based upon the portfolio activity we did in the second quarter and the investments we've made to date that are going out into the third and the fourth is you can expect about a $1.5 billion to $2 billion increase in average security balances going into the third quarter.
Richard J. Johnson: Correct. And some swaps that are going to settle in 2014, which will also add net interest income over time.
Richard J. Johnson: I think the most important thing is we will have loan balance increases in the third quarter versus the second. We'll have security balance increases in the third versus the second. And in both loans and securities, the yields will be down. And -- but to the tune of where purchase accounting accretion will cause you to have a modest decline in net interest income.
Richard J. Johnson: I think we're also on the consumer side, right? This is the first time we've seen an increase in home equity -- net home equity balances. I think as housing prices have rebounded a bit, people are getting a little bit more equity in their home and are able to borrow against that. So that was good to see that balance go up. We haven't seen that in several quarters.
Richard J. Johnson: And plus, we still have run-off in the education lending, we've get run-off in the non-strategic assets, residential mortgage, yes, exactly. So I think you're going to see balances that are putting pressure on downward as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's the duration of equity, and that was a negative [indiscernible]. Securities portfolio is about 2.5 to 3 years.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, keep in mind that the decline in the charge-offs in the home equity was because of the policy change we made in the first quarter, and that hit home equity, as well as residential mortgage. And in total, that was about $134 million. So the first quarter was inflated, I guess, is what I would say, and obviously, it's kind of come down in terms of charge-offs. On nonperforming, you've got -- we're seeing a little bit of risk in the home equity. I think you've seen that nonperforming number going up each of the last 5 quarters.
Richard J. Johnson: It's almost like the story at the top of the house. You get the purchase accounting accretion causing the efficiency to be good, and that's going to run off as we grow fee income.
