William S. Demchak: I don’t see how. I think we are going to be able to -- we will control expenses but at the end of the day and you have heard me say this before, real improvement in the efficiency ratio got to come from the revenue side and we are driving that on fee income, but it's got to come out of NII and we are so underleveraged as a firm right now that the opportunity for us if and when rates rise is what is going to drive a material change in that ratio. So we are going to focus on expenses and doing good job on it but moving wherever you want even if we manage to drop them a couple of hundred million and I am not saying we are going to, it doesn’t really move the needle here. 
William S. Demchak: The other thing, I will just add to that, I mean when you look at the drop in the NIM in the quarter just because it sort of spike in largely corporate deposits, you know, it is neutral to income, it is not necessarily LCR related, it just kind of flows that are coming in the form of deposit and largely being held at the Fed at this point. So it is affecting them but it is not costing us anything. 
William S. Demchak: It was a whole bunch of little singles from the way you would look through to you know securitization. Of course for receivables it was operating deposits, it was some impact on municipals and VRDN (ph). So bunch of little stuff at the margin where in our previous planning we’d kind of assume when we just you know as is our nature we assume the worse.
William S. Demchak: If they raise short rates through whatever mechanism either you know rates on excess balances or the reverse speed ball facility for money funds on the four side of the equation, we make money. We make money if short rates go up and that will be their impact. Now if they do that, we’ll see what the impact is on longer rates. Our base assumption, you heard me talk about it in planning isn’t really heroic. We are kind of saying that they move in Julyish and they go -- they get funds or short rates to 1 % by the end of the year. If they go more than that, we obviously have more leverage you know and greater upside than what we are currently planning as we think about the future. I don’t, you know, just as in a side, the economy right now we go and talk to our clients but actually feels a lot better than the sentiment. So I am personally a bit confused after we get the news out of Europe which is clearly struggling. The U.S. economy feels very strong and resilient. And personally I think this is a bit of an overreaction, particularly on the rate side. We’ve had an equity correction here that’s down and I don’t know what it is right now 7% or 8% from the highs. But we rallied rates down to basically zero again and I am taking the Fed off the table for all of 15, at least as the market saying. That doesn’t feel right to me.
William S. Demchak: I haven’t focused on that. I see where you are going. If the Fed is unable to make that connection in short rates. Look at the end of the day if somehow they manage to increase excess reserve rates and Vibor doesn’t move which I don’t think is a likely outcome. Then the other rates we are going to be paying on deposits would suffer. 
William S. Demchak: I think the third quarter was perhaps a bit anomalous. You know we ended up kind of flat a little bit up in C&I, some gives and takes in different books. The general theme continues to be growth on our specialty businesses, asset based real estate, lease finance. We’ve seen growth in large corporate as we seen the M&A activity continue to set records and a lot of borrowing to do, dividends and share repurchase. So I don’t know that that’s necessarily going to change. I think in Robs comments he kind of suggested.
William S. Demchak: No haven’t -- it really hasn’t taken off. We are seeing loans, I wish there was a way to pass through it, but my best guess is the bulk of the balance growth we see beyond real estate, in a project based real estate in the C&I space is largely due to kind of M&A and leverage, share buyback, excess dividend, and so forth. You still see the planned equipment investment, it is still well below where it ought to be running given where the economy is so that's kind of an upside if and when it happens. 
William S. Demchak: Yes, so Harris Williams is on pace in fact they might have already had their record year after three quarters. You know they had their gaining share in what is a very hot M&A market. We have owned them now for 10 years plus or minus and beyond what they contribute to the bottom line for us they basically help our dialogue with our corporate customers. It is kind of another arrow on the quiver when we go out and want to have a meaningful relationship with the middle market company having the leading advisory firm helps.  Solebury, who we announced in the quarter we purchased as an advisory firm that basically helps people through the IPO process. They don’t take a principal position and they don’t take a management position in effect in the IPO but rather they advice people on who to choose and how to go about it. And they help people with investor relations. We did that as a sort of a complimentary product to the Harris Williams product in the sense that when Harris Williams goes and pitches for a sale out of a private equity shop more often than not they are not only pitching against another advisory they are pitching against an IPO. And we want it as a firm to have a full service solution set to those clients and that's what Solebury does.  Bottom line, both of them add to our bottom line but as much as anything else they add to our broader relationship with middle market companies which is the key point we are trying to drive. 
William S. Demchak: In its simplest form if you think of a private middle market company and you say would you like to take a meeting with the leading firm who has done a bunch of deals in your industry, both on the advisory and the IPO side, you get a meeting with the CEO, they want to hear about it. They all want to hear what their company is worth and what their competitors are doing and what the future holds for them. Yes, it is a great calling card. 
William S. Demchak: Couple of things, we are actually notwithstanding the drop in securities balances spot and average, second or third quarter. We are actually through TBAs and forward starting slots and some other banks probably held that position largely flat. So, we didn’t get shorter on a duration basis per say through the third quarter. Given where rates have gone here, so you are going to now have a period of time where you are going to see prepayments on anything that can prepay and we think if we didn’t like them before we really don’t like them now so if anything else we might look at opportunity to monetize here. But we are certainly not going to invest into it more heavily at this level. The opportunity cost is just sitting on the sidelines is low enough that you stay on the sidelines. 
William S. Demchak: No, looking at simplest form you are connecting a lot of dots here but in the simplest form we are under invested fixed rates and have been for a long period of time to take advantage when rates go up. You can see that visibly in the balance sheet somewhat by the securities balances declining but also just through the balances that are growing at the Federal Reserve which are obviously floating rate balances. Right, in its simplest form if we wanted to you could take the Fed balances and the LCR neutral by investing them in treasuries. If you look the yield on the two year treasury right now, that in 29 basis points which is 4 basis points more than I get leaving a floating at the Feds. So I’ll leave them there. But we do have a lot of dry powder, we’ve been that way for a while. We’ve been wrong for a while right, I wish I had a perfect crystal ball and we could have invested and then sell everything today but we didn’t. And we are not in the business of kind of making those dramatic bets with our balance sheet.
William S. Demchak: Look we are -- if you go tracked your time notwithstanding the third quarter in C&I which I said was kind of anomalous, I think we are growing C&I to pace faster than all of our peers largely through winning new clients. A big part of that coming from the Southeast where we are new entrants beginning share. Spreads have declined in C&I lending and in real estate lending but they’re still appreciably higher than they were in the tight periods in 2006-2007 and all that means is to get an adequate return for shareholders. We need to make sure that we are getting our fare share of cross sell with the clients that we are lending money to. And by the way we are doing that, you see it in corporate service fee line and other fee category lines where focus on growing customers across the full relationship not just lending.
William S. Demchak: Yes, I think so. I think part of the issue and I am a little stale on this, I saw there is an article published or research piece published a couple of days ago and I didn’t get through it. But I guess the notion of doing less of the (inaudible) facility would in fact cause the rundown of the Fed balance sheet to take a longer period of time than it otherwise might so the impact on deposit outflow in effect as QE goes away is slower than it might be. But that’s all true right, then the need to chase deposits and have higher betas is somewhat muted. Now I don’t know if that’s true. My fear and our worry is the Fed liquidity leaves the system and people compete for those deposits to comply with LCR, particularly the retail deposits that in other ways see higher deposit betas than you might have in past cycles.  So we will see how that plays out. But you are right to assume that the roll off of QE and how the Fed balance sheet shrinks will have a different effect on deposit flows than just if and when the Fed rates is raised. 
William S. Demchak: Yes, that is why we have been, I mean we planned different scenarios that you could have an environment where you have the utilization line increase on C&I loan. This is planned equipment expenditures finally come to life. So, very robust loan growth exactly at the time when the excess liquidity largely from large corporate kind of drains out of the system. You know and we plan I guess, that is one of the reasons we have on our own forecast and we did this at the last conference presentation we went through, we talk about the fact that for base planning our betas are a lot higher cause there is a possibility and you have this weird anomaly and this cycle where because of LCR certain deposits are worth more than others which is new. So, I don’t know how that plays out. I just know we are supposed to focus on and run different scenarios against it which we do. 
William S. Demchak: You know in the C&I space rather than industry what has been in the headlines and it is true as leverage lending continues to be at a place where we would view it as tough to make money is in a sight we don’t plan the space. So it doesn’t really matter to us so much. But that is kind of where the headlines are in C&I. We have also talked about this before, in small business, particularly small business that has a difficult ability to offer you fee streams. You know the increased tenor and tightened spreads in small business generically define if made somewhat less attractive than it once was. Most of the other stuff, you know, we have kept our credit box the same for since I have been at the company and we will compete with price inside of that credit box particularly for clients where we have a broad based relationship. We have large fee streams where to keep that client we will drop the spread on the loan to where we need to go. But those are still good loans. Bad loans, it doesn’t matter what the price is, they are still bad loans. 
William S. Demchak: We are value buyers. Look at the 40% of the total promotion we did in the first half of the year. We have 60% left to go, our share price is 10 bucks lower, figure it out.
William S. Demchak: We are done with names. Basically we do it every year. You compile a list of opportunities that we track and hope people too and the savings from those Mike are basically what has allowed us to make these investments into our technology agenda and retail transformation. And actually at the same time is cutting expenses outright. So, it is just part of our annual budgeting and operating process.
William S. Demchak: We don’t have visible targets out there. I would tell you, you know the question on efficiency, you heard me say it is going to be driven by revenue increases, largely rate dependent. And many on the call have heard me say before we run cases here without efficiency ratio gets to impossibly low levels in the 40s in the right rate environment. In the side I don’t think we can necessarily get there. I don’t believe that financial projections but that's where the leverage is and that's -- therefore I don’t want to set a target out when it is largely driven by a variable I don’t control which is rates. We do know that we have the opportunity to be more efficient with the dollars we are spending and as you have seen we are intently focused on getting the most efficiency we can out of those. Generally focused on growing fee income which is within our control, which we are doing and we will play the environment out here. 
William S. Demchak: No, so I am just saying we have run the cases right, so take it for what it is worth. It is a gigantic financial projection that basically says in this rate environment with the following deposit betas there is enough revenue leverage inside of our NII while remaining disciplined on expenses that you drive that ratio very low. And yes I have seen cases in the 40s. I have also for the public record I have told you that I do not believe those cases. But it is just materially better than where it is today, driven off of revenue and in particular off of NII. 
William S. Demchak: Look it is a fair question Mike, and it is something that I trouble myself with. The challenge we have, if you ought to hold us accountable to the things that we can control. Right, so it is market share, it is fees, it is transformation. It is getting the technology side right, it is controlling credit, it is being disciplined on expenses. I shouldn’t be rewarded or at the extreme penalized on where rates go. We are inherently a cyclical business, right. And I could tell you which is why in my comments in a slide when I said for our planning cycle next year we assumed a rate rise in July and Fed funds at the end of the year at 1%. That's how we are going to measure ourselves. So, if that doesn’t play out there is nothing I did or didn’t do or the team did or didn’t do, you know, against that success factor.  So I get the need and the desire to want to have outright metrics. But people tend to forget and for the life of me I can't understand why that banking is a cyclical industry. 
William S. Demchak: Good questions. We continue to be really pleased with what we are seeing in the Southeast continued growth across all products and client types well in access of our legacy markets. That’s a real and long-term organic growth opportunity for us, it is one of our core strategic priorities. Just in terms of the service charges, you may or may not remember that we were one of the last of the large banks to eliminate free check in and so a lot of that in the product line up is simply change in the product continuum and how people choose to pay for our retail banking product. So it’s not an overdraft phase. I think even sequentially year-on-year fees are down and its coming in other forms. But by the way that’s across the whole footprint. We have minor variations in some markets but generically it is across the whole footprint.
William S. Demchak: That’s my guess. And my guess is that it is anomalous. We had some pay downs in our asset base lending group. You know things can be lumpy so we don’t see a real change in where demand is coming from and the type of business we are winning. You know we picked at certain period of time and market-to-market at the end of the third quarter and it was flat rather than up a little bit.
William S. Demchak: The one thing I would add to that is, you got to remember we have some built runoff in our nonstrategic book which is what a billion and half bucks year-on-year. And we also have probably a comparatively larger student loan book that is in runoff mode given the change in educational lending. So we are kind of running inside the retail space, running to stay even. The other comment I’d make is, a lot of that growth my suspicion has come on the back of balance sheeting residential mortgages which we do some of but again my best suspicion is materially less in some of our peers.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, sure. It is -- by the way we have been accessed for a while and it is part of our technology agenda which we have been pretty public about. Given some of the dialogue over the last week or so from some of the conferences, we actually kind of dug in to say how much inside of our technology agenda could be pointed to cyber and it is somewhat of a scary number. Just in terms of the size of the group we are focused on the investments we have and applications that helped both screen for bad traffic, knock out that traffic, and other things. And then added to that, a big part of our technology agenda is in the data center strategy where we just -- you know we are building more core resiliency which is another form of protection against cyber. The good news for you is that this is -- we had planned for this, we have been self funding it, it is a lot of money but it is nothing new for us. We kind of had assumed we needed to get better at this and throw a lot of resources at it at the better part of the year ago or more and had been on track to do so. 
William S. Demchak: We don’t know. You know a couple of things, one is our -- the base case CCAR that we put into the process typically has a lower net income number than what we end up producing, whether it is because provisions are lower or we reduced the sales or any number of things. So, the payout ratio that we ask for inside of our base case is higher than the 60% and we end up making more money. So, our actual ends up lower. We clearly are in a situation where absent building our payout you know upwards towards a 100% we are generating capital at a pace that is beyond our ability to intelligently deploy it with our customers which weren’t the case but it is. We got to figure out a way to return more to shareholders. So that will be a topic of discussion inside of this company and many others I suspect as we go into CCAR this year but without guidance from Fed as yet, nothing we can say about it formally.
William S. Demchak: So we are making disclosure on all the digital, all the non-predominantly. 47% of our customers are predominantly non-branched clients so we have 1 percentage -- 36% of our deposits are now non-teller, so either the ATM or the mobile phone. And that number has grown leaps and bounds but I would tell you it is below what some of our peers do today. So, I would expect that we could get upwards of 50%. We were little bit slower than some of the very large banks in the roll out of image ATMs. So we are playing a little bit of catch up against some of the leaders in that space even while we are far ahead of some of our smaller competitors. 
William S. Demchak: Yes, I remember seeing a 50. I will do my own research on that before you trust my number, but I remember seeing a 50% of somebody.
William S. Demchak: No again, appreciate everybody's time this morning. We feel pretty good about the quarter executing on kind of what we set out to do, notwithstanding the revenue environment. I look forward to a quarter when we can actually announce on a day when the market doesn’t open up down 300 points. But so be it and we look forward to talking to you guys at the end of the year. Thank you. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, good morning. I would say the bulk of the work is behind us. There may be some incremental work on the margin but the vast majority is behind us. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Sure, this is Rob. But generally speaking the final rules were announced, PNC was viewed and is categorized as being under the full approach. There was an open issue whether that was going to happen or not but we are in the full approach. Largely in terms of the final rules compared to a conservative rate of the proposed rules it was a net better move for us in terms of how far we had to go. But you can tell by the Fed balances that we have built through the year, we have moved considerably in terms of our liquidity position and very comfortable that we can meet the levels as they are phased in. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes I said, we did see a spike up there at the end of the second quarter, which was higher jumping off point and there was growth conditions in the third quarter albeit slowing growth. So that combination put us in a…
Robert Q. Reilly: But our guidance for the fourth quarter calls for continuation of modest loan growth, principally on commercial side. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Well you know we have been saying that for some time Matt that these levels we do believe are unsustainably lower over a long period of time. But each quarter, the things seem to stay pretty good. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Nothing specially, it is just we are working off of a relatively low level there so it is nothing particularly departing from the current themes. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, I understand Ken. Essentially in terms of the third quarter most of what we said and we expected did play out with one exception, that you recall I have mentioned the employee benefits. We had implemented a new high deductible plan in the beginning of the year that in effect back end of the corporate expense piece of that. We were expecting that through our projections arrive in the third quarter and that didn’t. Not a big piece but that didn’t but it does play into fourth quarter guidance where we do expect to see some increase in that category. But generally everything else occurred as we thought. Maybe a little lower than our guidance as I mentioned in my comments because you know with the acceleration of the continuous improvement program gains. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes sure, so again we won’t get into 2015 guidance we’ll do that as we usually do in our call in January. But generally speaking and you’re familiar with it. So the continuous improvement program that we had in place for a number of years it works for us. It is a disciplined exercise where we identify expenses that we go after every year with the idea that in total they can fund our investments. So we would expect to be able to continue that in 2015, the program works well for us. It’s not great for the outside world because it’s hard to as you know take those numbers right through the income statement but it is a very useful tool that allows us to keep expense discipline in place particularly during time of revenue challenges. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes sure. Overtime depreciation will increase in our equipment line but as you know a lot of that is going to generate, a lot of those solutions overtime are going to generate efficiencies that we should be able to pick up in other areas.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, what I am really saying there is the elevated gains that we had from the M&A, the Harris William record performance, we don’t necessarily expected those same levels. So the underlying growth in asset management, consumer services, and the corporate services I see in terms of the higher business activity that we’re expecting to basically offset that. And that’s where I get to stable.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well we don’t give specific guidance in terms of anything that we are going to do in the short term. We have been on the record saying that it is our intent to monetize the Visa. After the sale here in the third quarter we now have 7.4 million shares of the Class B, valued at 650 million on our books for 90 million. So unrealized gains of 560 million. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Assuming everything stays constant in terms of the environment that we are in, I would expect that we would have further releases although not necessarily at the levels that you know we’ve had this year.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yes, so we are half way through the program and we are about 40% in terms of our repurchases under the program rules. That amount that you didn’t utilize in that particular given quarter can be carried into the future quarter. So we are committed to our buyback program, we’ll continue with the program that we have and we would expect to repurchase more shares over the remaining two quarters of the program. 
Robert Q. Reilly: I am not sure I heard all that Mike, in terms of the continuous improvement program we had a target for 500 million through the year. We achieved that through the three quarters. So in that particular program we are in excess. We still have ideas that we will continue manage and continue to pursue and those that we can complete in the fourth quarter we will do and those that we can't will be part of our 2015 program. 
Robert Q. Reilly: Or in other words a major step down in efficiency ratio, we are going to need to rely on a different rate environment. 
Robert Q. Reilly: That’s right, I can answer some of that. Just if you break down the components of our consumer loans, the home equity product both align the credit and then term loans have been somewhat flattish for a while and we expect reasonably stay in that area. We have seen some growth in credit card. Bill mentioned that in terms of the year-over-year activity. We are relatively small player but expanded client base and expanded product aspects have that growing and we would expect that to continue to grow. You mentioned automobile, actually in automobile that growth in true consumer loan has been slowing. It is still growth, slowing and that’s an example of maybe where we are backing off a little bit because of credit quality. It jumped in the quarter and that’s largely a categorical anomaly. Its most of the jumps relates actually to a commercial customer with the underlying collateral is our consumer assets, a captive credit arm of a large domestic manufacturer. So, if you take that out the auto growth has been in the 1% range for the third quarter in direct and we would expect to sort of remain in that area.
