William S. Demchak: Thanks Bryan and good morning everybody. As you have seen this morning our results for the second quarter had a number of moving parts including obviously the gain on the sale of our stake in BlackRock. Now overall I thought it was a pretty solid quarter in the context of the environment that we are operating in. You would have seen that revenue was down from the first quarter, which, if you remember, included some kind of one off gains and expenses were well managed. We were able to produce positive operating leverage both in Q2 and for the first half of the year. However, as we mentioned in our first quarter call our view of the economy has substantially worsened since we closed the books three months ago and in turn has resulted in a substantial loan loss reserve bill. Our recent CCAR results should lay to rest any concern that this is a PNC specific balance sheet problem. The CCAR results underscore the strength of our balance sheet, which, coupled with the benefits of the monetization of our BlackRock investment position PNC with substantial capital and liquidity to continue to support our constituents and capitalize on opportunities that can arise during disruptive markets. In fact, our capital ratios are at record levels and we saw a significant increase in our book value. Looking ahead, I fully recognize that we are perhaps a bit more pessimistic than the market on the odds of a full recovery anytime soon. While recent economic data has been encouraging, we're still in the very early innings of how this is going to play out. Massive fiscal and monetary stimulus has allowed us to, in fact, kick the can down the road in terms of feeling the real effects of this recession. Much is going to depend on continuing support from the government as the economy continues to adjust with life with COVID. Unfortunately, what is becoming very clear, at least to me, is that there is a new normal that will have profound and lasting effects on parts of our economy and the workforce that supports it. Despite these challenging times in which you are navigating simultaneous crisis, both the pandemic and civil unrest caused by deep racial inequalities. PNC has remained steadfast in our commitment to our customers, communities, employees and shareholders. Despite the challenges of COVID we continue to make good progress in terms of executing on our key strategic focus areas, including national middle market expansion and our national digital efforts. Now, before I turn it over to Rob, I want to recognize and thank our employees who are going above and beyond to help our customers address the many challenges that they are facing. I also want to thank my leadership team including Carole Brown and Richard Bynum, the newest members of our executive committee, for their invaluable support during this time. And finally, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their leadership as we continue to navigate what has been a year of both extraordinary challenges and opportunities. Now I'll turn it over to Rob for a closer look at our second quarter results and then we'll be happy to take your questions.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, no real changes. We're going to be patient here. You know, I think, like I said in my script, we're in pretty early innings here to see how this all plays out. The fiscal payments that the government's put out plus what the Fed's done is, effectively masked what are some pretty severe underlying problems in the economy. And depending on how fast that comes back and/or if the government keeps providing stimulus, it'll tell us how much of that capital we need in the first place and secondly, what the opportunities will be to deploy it. So we're going to be patient. The strategy of trying to pursue bank like acquisitions to help us expand our national franchise remains the same.
William S. Demchak: I mean, mechanically, if all else holds true on assumptions, you roll down and then burn off the reserve with your charge offs and you add life of the loan reserves for whatever new loans come on and in effect, you'd be adding provision for new loans and everything else would put salt to zero, if everything else held equal which most certainly won't.
William S. Demchak: First of all, if we get into an environment where somehow buybacks are allowed in the fourth quarter, I'm not sure where he was going with that in terms of maybe he's hearing something from the Fed I'm not. But ignoring that, just assume that there were no restrictions at the moment for the Fed. I continue to believe, that we are going to see opportunities both organic and inorganic in this environment to deploy that capital in a very shareholder friendly way. At the margin, would we use some of our capital to support our share price? Of course we would, but that would be value dependent and it would be also dependent on the environment that we're operating in and whether or not we saw confirmation of our belief that there'll be opportunities or not. So it's we'll see. I mean, you've heard me use the phrase over and over again that will be rational stewards of your capital. And that hasn't changed.
William S. Demchak: I don't know that we necessarily think differently about it strategically. We've had a focus and we'll continue our focus through time on organic growth of our consumer lending balances as we simply try to penetrate existing clients. And then to the extent we acquire clients is the same thing. Our business model is basically built on our ability to go to new markets and profitably build share, not just through lending, but through heavy cross-sell and to fund that through our national digital expansion. So, it's less of a focus on do I need to somehow change the mix of what we're doing as opposed to can we accelerate the actual growth of what we're doing in the environment that we're in and coming into. And our belief is that we'll be able to do that. Inside of that, as we look at different opportunities, might things change at the margin. Sure, but it's not by design. It's basically they take what we have and grow it even faster than we have historically.
William S. Demchak: There's nothing in the list that we think we need to have that we don't have. We want to take our existing products and services and go to market strategy and do that in more markets. This issue is something financial versus strategic. The issue of and we'd obviously look at both, the issue of doing a purely financial transaction is one of -- does it cause us to take our eye off the ball in terms of our long-term growth potential, does it mean we wouldn't do it, and what we would do with financial proceeds is accelerate organic growth. But ideally we'd find something that's both very financially attractive and matches our strategic agenda of expanding our geography.
William S. Demchak: The thought process is, you know, it sounds a little bit wrong, but to make that decision or worry about that if in fact we get into that environment. At the moment, we're in the middle of an environment where we -- I think Mike Corbett [ph] said this yesterday that there's more we don't know than we do. It is really unclear what the long-term damage is going to be to the economy and how long it's going to take to grow back. And our focus right now is to make sure we have in Jamie's words, a fortress balance sheet that we're serving our customers, that we're opportunistic inside of what is a fairly strange environment at the moment. And we'll sit and watch. And if all of that changes then of course, we'll change and replan and regroup and refocus and so forth. But today, none of that has changed. So we continue to, of course, and I know you guys want to sort of somehow drive us into a corner that says, the following three things happen then are you going to do A, B or C. And my brain can't do that math. So we're not going to go down that path.
William S. Demchak: I mean look, I wouldn't rule anything out. Neither those necessarily fit the longer-term strategic issues we're facing. But your mortgage is an interesting question because we've clearly seen some stress in the -- I'm going to say the non-capitalized mortgage players and to the extent that becomes a structural change in the industry, which would in turn cause mortgage itself to be more profitable for banks. Then we could look to grow that. At the moment, the structural challenges with the mortgage business, as you know, the costs to comply with various regulations, coupled with the capacity in the market just make it difficult to make money. Now, of course, we're in another refi boom and all that looks good at the moment. But long term, that's not necessarily true. If that changes and/or if the government agency model changes such that you have to deploy capital to be in the mortgage business, then that could be attractive. The capital markets business we purposefully have been careful in picking our spots in that. That is a business that in my experience, returns more to employees than it necessarily does to shareholders through the cycle and offers lower returns on capital through this cycle but maybe with some of the changes in [indiscernible] and the opportunities we are clearly seeing just in the ability to in effect broker trades and the margins in that maybe we would expand that. But we can do that organically, we wouldn’t need to at all purchase something to do that.
William S. Demchak: You know basically everybody is bluntly struggling. Nobody can figure out why the stock market is where it is. And everybody at the margin unless you are directly volume impacted for whatever reason by COVID in a positive way everybody's basically off. So industrial production comes back but it's still 11% down year-on-year. So when positive readings are positive readings from what was a really negative number. The struggle I'm personally having with a lot of the data as I watch continuing claims they publish a number of 17 million plus or minus people but there's 32 million people getting unemployment benefits today, right, because of the Cares Act special provision that allow sole proprietors and gig workers to get unemployment. So 32 million people getting unemployment out of 150 million U.S. workers. Yet we're saying the unemployment rates only whatever they're quoting today 13%. I can't connect the dots. I see the dollars that are coming in to a deposit balances and you see it from unemployment claims what you are causing our retail customers who are receiving unemployment on average to have higher balances than they had when they were employed which is in turn driving consumer spending in part of this economy. So Jamie went on this round, he is exactly right. We see consumers flushed with cash, we see no delinquencies, we see consumer spending increasing, and it's all at the moment based on government writing a check. And I just don't know how this plays out but the generic corporate client we talked to who's otherwise open and doing business is almost without exception down from what they would have expected going into the year and down from where they were last year for sure.
William S. Demchak: Yeah and the other thing is we're just now coming off of that period of the initial requests and so it's frankly too early to really tell how many of those customers are going to ask for extension versus going back to their normal payment plans.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, we have a pretty detailed treatment plan that looks amongst other things just that the cash flow available to them from the balances we see and so forth. And, we'll work to come up with something that makes sense for the client. It's different the second time around than it was in the initial requests where effectively you just say fine and move on to the next phone call. So we're doing it case by case.
William S. Demchak: Well just on moving the needle on revenues and I'll let Rob throw some figures at you in a second. But the C&I space where we have been at this for a number of years, it's starting to become a meaningful part of the total revenue inside of our C&IB franchise and it's growing at a much faster pace than our legacy markets. Including fees we're maintaining the cross-sell ratios that we had in our legacy markets. The retail effort in terms of profitability at this point is probably a drain, almost certainly a drain. But it is affording us the ability long term to be able to fund the growth in our C&IB expansion with core deposits as we build out our retail franchise. Collectively it's profitable.
William S. Demchak: On [indiscernible] servicing I think that the largest or close to it of servicers in the CMBS market, both on the master servicing side and importantly on the special servicing side, thus far we have seen as much as 0.5 billion a week I think the number is plus or minus rolling in to special servicing out of a balance. But we are actually a little over 200 billion in special servicing, about 150 billion of that is pure CMBS. And our guys would tell you that in the crisis we saw 12 billion moved to special servicing. They're expecting as much as 20 billion through this.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, we're half of that now. That is an aside, that's obviously those aren't our assets. We are paid money to service those. We get paid a fee stream when they move into special servicing. We get paid a very nice interest stream when we advance on principal and interest. And ultimately we also get paid on resolution of those assets another fee stream. So it's large, it’s is accelerating and it's profitable.
William S. Demchak: Yeah, I mean it's not hugely material, but if we're talking about -- dollars it's not. It certainly move the needle in a given quarter or even half a year. So -- but in fact or if I am thinking about it correctly in terms of what percentage could be forgiven I know there's huge uncertainty around that. But, we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars here and in revenue that will be collected over the next three or recognized sorry, over the next few quarters.
William S. Demchak: But one way to look at that is I don't remember the exact breakdown but when Rob went through the reasons for the increase in our provision, both economic and then specific credit that 500 million plus or minus was effectively the result of downgrades of credit. So you can think about that population that's been affected here as being covered by the downgrades that gave rise to that 500 plus or minus billion.
William S. Demchak: Yes, there's additional thought. I think -- and by the way, that wouldn't show up in run rate near-term because at this point it probably cost dollars to close something as it does for the savings. But what's clear is, is consumer behavior has changed and my belief is in a lot of ways it's changed permanently with this adoption to digital. So we'll have to adjust the way we serve our clients. And it is likely that that will mean less physical space.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, hey John its Rob. Good morning. We don't provide NIM guidance so to speak because it's an outcome. But I would say generally speaking I expect margins to remain sort of stable. We will clearly see some lower yields as a function of rate being lower. But we also have some more room on the liability side. I think largely the loss side.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, so we might see a little bit of a lift in the fourth quarter, but essentially these are the NIM levels where I think we'll be at some time.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I think I'll answer it sort of backwards there. I think, in retrospect, I think it largely came in as we expected softer on the consumer side, which we did expect as a function of the lower activity as well as the fee waivers. Corporate services was actually pretty strong, down a little bit. But, some good activity there that might have been a little better than what we expected. And then asset management and mortgage both came in with expectations, asset management relatively flat, mortgage up a bit in terms of production. We had that large RMSR gain in the first quarter so we were down quarter-over-quarter but production levels were outside. I think in retrospect they came in as we expected. Going forward in terms of stable for the third quarter and again, you know Scott, it's fluid so visibility is low. But I'd expect consumer services actually to pick up a little bit, corporate services maybe to fall off a little bit. And asset management and residential mortgage essentially stable. And again that's with the caveat of the environment and how much consumer activity actually happens.
Robert Q. Reilly: Well, you know, Bill may want to chime in too, we are -- you're getting ahead of ourselves there a little bit in terms of how we positioned it now. But it's going to be a function of the models, obviously, which we'll continue to run through the balance of the year and next year. And at some point when those just by definition, when those scenarios improve, provided that you didn't need the reserves for charge offs you'd start to release. That’s a CECL definition.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, that's right. And I think the distinction just in terms of the components of the calculation which our portfolio changes, which incorporates the levels of loans and then the economic assumptions.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, hey Erika. So, we will put some of that to work tactically, we won't put all of it to work, obviously. And given particularly in terms of securities yields it's pretty hard to make up a lot of revenue deploying that. So, we're going to run with some pretty high cash balances to the balance of the year. But as far as security side, deployment, loan, loan balances, that's all factored into our guidance.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I would just add to that. We're fairly confident that an opportunity will arise. And if it does we will do it.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I did cover that Gerard. So I compared that peak were down which is mid-April we are down 97% in terms of new request. So our expectations again all things remaining equal that new request be pretty minimal. But, as Bill mentioned things are fluid.
Robert Q. Reilly: And I covered that as well. The payment that were made in the last 60 days on a percentage basis are pretty high. So that would suggest possibly lower modifications going forward but it is just too early.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, that's right, John. That's exactly right. BlackRock discontinued operations and removed from that guidance.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, sure. Sure, absolutely within reason. Yeah, hey we are pleased actually given everything that's happened in the first half of the year, that we have actually generated positive operating leverage. But the back half continues in the state of sort of unknown variables. So we filed it in and the message that I want to send is that we're very conscious and deliberate and disciplined around our expense management and, we'll work hard. That suggests somewhere flat operating leverage. Maybe we can do a little better than that to your point that remains to be seen.
Robert Q. Reilly: No, no we do. And I would say just a rough rule of thumb, about 50:50, it is 50 in the waivers and 50 as reduced activity. And I do expect it to come back. Not necessarily back to all these levels, but up off of second quarter levels.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, core fee revenue is stable up on consumer to that point, probably down a bit on corporate services, just reflecting lower activity and then asset management and residential mortgage stable.
Robert Q. Reilly: The only thing I would add to that is that yes, the expansion markets in C&IB are doing quite well. One question we get is, what's the progress on the opening of Seattle and Portland, which we had teed up for this year, we have in fact hired there. It is a little bit slower than what we had planned for 2020. But we're growing and each of those markets contributed significantly in terms of the lion draws that we saw and the loan growth that we have seen.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, I -- so one, it is built into my full year revenue guidance in terms of the PPP fees. Most of that, in terms of what I'm thinking about right now, would be in the fourth quarter. So not so much in the third quarter and then I think the issue is to what extent maybe some of that goes into 2021. So it's a real number but in the context of our total NII for the year it's high.
Robert Q. Reilly: Yeah, so it is I would say sort of mid-teens, a little report that in terms of our reports, but criticize are up.
