James E. Rohr: Thank you, Rick. Overall, PNC had a very good first half. We grew customers, loans and generated revenue growth, and our expenses in credit remain well managed. While the mortgage repurchase provisions clearly affected our second quarter results, our operating performance creates good momentum for the second half of the year. And we expect the second half to be much better. We remain comfortable with the street's range for the full year EPS expectations of our performance. And with that, we will be pleased to take your questions. Operator, please give our participants the instructions, please.
James E. Rohr: I think the M&A market I think will remain very soft. I think what we see in the M&A space is that we really want to continue to execute around the National City and the RBC (USA) acquisitions. I think the loan growth and the customer growth has been quite terrific as we see more and more companies move to quality, and it's benefited PNC tremendously. So that's the number 1, 2, 3, item for that, and then to the extent that we need capital for our customers, with loan growth, that's obviously the best place to go. Capital after that I think will be focused on returning it to shareholders because I think the M&A market when you look at the small banks, they're very expensive. When you buy deposits in today's markets, the deposits aren't worth very much. And we're growing customers dramatically by taking customers from other people, which is really what you're supposed to do in the business. And that's where we're going to really focus on.
James E. Rohr: Well, it's a very competitive marketplace as you know, Scott. The spreads have come in over the last 18 months on most of the corporate loan activity I would say that the compression is slowing as we reach places that have more realistic returns on equity and given that the economy has done better. The perception of risk is that the risk in this environment is lower than it was a couple of years ago as you might imagine. But the -- I would still have to say that Ohio, even though we've grown customers very well in Ohio, I would say that Ohio still has some unreasonable pricing that takes place there more than elsewhere.
James E. Rohr: Well, one of the big impacts was the addition of the RBC loans. Now the RBC loans, as Rick said, have an average yield of 7% after we took the marks against them. And so that was a very beneficial part of the increase in the overall yields, and when you look at what happens is it falls into a series of categories with the exception of large corporate. They really weren't in the large corporate business. They were in the commercial space and small business loans. So their loan book enhanced the overall corporate yields quite a bit.
James E. Rohr: Okay, I'll try and take them one at a time. I will tell you, we haven't given out any specific items about RBC's revenue. RBC once we converted it, we converted everything right into the system. So that we're not keeping it. We're not keeping a separate set of books. The general goals and objectives that were set were the ones that we know that we're exceeding at this point. The specific goals and objectives for it market by market will be implemented in the third quarter. We wanted to make sure we get the conversion done and make sure we understood the portfolio before we actually set specific targets that we hold people's comp tied to. The staffing levels, we've achieved virtually all the staffing levels we want. We're still hiring a few people. We have to hire in the southeast, but not a great deal. So we're very, very pleased. We receive more applications for these positions than we offered the other week that we could have ever have imagined the quality of people we've put together is really terrific, and so when I look at the new customer count and the activities that have taken place already, they were just well ahead of expectations in general and then we'll be able to get to the specifics for that market by market in the third quarter. And your last point about, maybe I skipped them, but your last point about M&A need in the southeast, we really don't think we need to. I think the description that we made of Atlanta -- we've talked to rather specifically about the declining need for branches. 87% of our customers and prospects say they want to have a multi-channel distribution system, which means they want to have branches in the neighborhood, but they use them less. All the electronics and the full-service image ATMs and what have you caused people to be able to access their accounts without having to go to the branches frequently. So when we looked at Atlanta, for example, we estimated that we would need about 100 branches. We got 55 from RBC. We got another 27 from Flagstar. We can build 15 or 20 branches, and we'll be done at Atlanta without having to make any acquisitions, and the ones we build will be in the right places, and they'll look like ours and all the rest. So we're pretty pleased with where we are right now, and the M&A front I think is pretty quiet.
James E. Rohr: I would just say that Ohio is a little more competitive in the pricing space across the board. By the way, in a marketplace, nobody is ever the person who brings the -- who leads the price down. Everyone is just competing with the other guy who went low first, right? So it's hard to say whether it would be the small banks or larger banks, but I would just like to generally say I think when the pricing in Ohio is a little more competitive than it is in Chicago and Florida, Milwaukee, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, California.
James E. Rohr: I would say it softened a little bit in the last 60 days. We continue to grow loans, but when we talk to our customers, their business is still good. They're still making a lot of money, but they're a little more nervous about things in general. And I think they backed off some of their more aggressive approaches, although they never really got aggressive. Most of them still have an awful lot of cash, but I think when you -- if you said it was a chart on Squawk Box about a week ago where businesses, which 2 years ago say that their biggest concern was weak sales, that weak sales number is not anywhere near as important to them as it was in the past. But back to your question the government, and I think it's not just the regulation and policy, but it's also fiscal cliff and the rest in terms became the #1 concern. And I think that just has a -- it's had pall over the market the last couple of months. See our survey, our survey that we do of commercial and small business, which we completed in March showed everybody more optimistic. It's a semiannual piece. It comes out in September and then March. The March numbers show that everyone was much more upbeat than they were 6 months prior. It'll be interesting to see what happens in the September review this time.
James E. Rohr: I think that's exactly right. We announced the $350 million, and we'd only seen a change in behavior in one GSE. Obviously, U.S. and then other people asked after the Morgan Stanley conference what about the other GSE and obviously, we've had conversations with the other GSE now. And so what we did is we went back and prior to this reserve announcement, we went back and continue to analyze the relationship with the GSE that we had included in the $350 million and then included the other GSE to come up with a number that we came out with this quarter. We didn't want to come out -- be out of the quarter without an answer to the other GSE. So I think that obviously takes the vast majority of the portfolio into consideration. We have other people who haven't really changed their behavior, a much smaller portion of the overall servicing book, the private people, as well as some other agencies, and I think that's the number that Rick talks about as possible, but those are dramatically smaller. And what we believe we've done is set up the appropriate reserve for the 2 GSEs under the circumstances that we now understand.
James E. Rohr: Well, look, I think first of all, we've got some regulators that control the -- that have control of that number. But I think over the next year to 2 years, the Basel numbers, although some of them are still moving, I think the Basel numbers will solidify. I mean, we've had discussions about what a SIG might have in terms of a buffer and what have you. So I think the 7% number will end up becoming a number that we can manage around. The 7% given what else we might have to add on to that. So I think you'll see us return a great deal of the earnings to the shareholder because the M&A market just isn't going to be there, and I would presume we continue to have loan growth. But the earnings capability of this company in an environment that has no interest rates. I mean, remember with a normal interest rate environment, the retail bank makes $1.5 billion to $2 billion after-tax, just with a normal interest rate environment. So I mean, this company generates -- has the ability -- does now generate a significant amount of income after tax and capital that we just won't need. If we're able to take customers the way we're growing customers today, there's really no need to buy anything else. So I think you'll see us return a great deal of capital to the shareholder assuming the government permits it.
James E. Rohr: Yes, and the reasonably possible data should other behaviors change, after-tax, this takes place over time. So we would think they will be certainly manageable on an ongoing basis.
James E. Rohr: I think really customer growth and taking continuous cost improvement is what we have to do. I think the customer growth is now showing up in the revenue side. That revenue side I think has differentiated itself pretty well, and it takes time before you add customers and get the revenue. So I think that's going very well, and we can see the -- we're continuing to grow in the old PNC markets, the National City markets are now growing faster than the old PNC markets on a percentage basis because we've been there longer, the staffing is more familiar with the products and services, and they've been calling longer. And now the RBC I think is a tremendous opportunity, and actually the employees, we've just done a survey of the employees, the southeast are more excited than I think the employees in the rest of the company. So that's really a great place to be. So I think just growing customers. I think the environment really feeds us as we see companies looking -- going to quality. I think that fuels a lot of our customer growth and the technology we've put in I think really differentiates us in a world where technology is becoming more important and a lot of people don't have it. And so that really gives us a great opportunity. So I think customer growth continues, and I think this mortgage stuff and a lot of the expenses in the mortgage operations get cut back, I think taking cost out of that business should be very significant over the next 18 months. And then the retail side, you and I've talked, Mike, about how the retail model really has to change. Even if rates would go back up, which would take some of the pressure off of the profitability of the business, I think the business is going to continue to move towards a lower cost operation. Think of an image ATM, for example, a deposit customer in the branch costs about $4 a transaction, and the image ATM costs $0.50. And so that's a dramatic reduction. We're now putting image ATMs in convenience stores, and so we're turning convenience stores into semi-branches, if you will, given the technology that's in a full-service ATM. So I just think you'll see a lot of cost coming out of the operation as we add customers. That's really blocking and tackling and running the business, and we're good at that.
James E. Rohr: When you think about it, we used to, I hate to say we used to struggle with those $1 a share per quarter right through 2004, '05, '06, '07. The $1.50, $1.60, $1.70 that we're moving through today is in an environment where the interest rates have been declining during the same period of time. So that declining interest rates have hurt us, but the acquisitions and mostly the execution has helped us.
James E. Rohr: Well, it's interesting we have metrics, but some of them fool us. You would think with the market share that we have in Pittsburgh that we wouldn't get -- do any new business in Pittsburgh and yet -- and same thing with Philadelphia, and Pittsburgh and Philadelphia are 2 of the largest growth markets that we have. But generally speaking, if you took in terms of dollars, generally speaking, if you look at the National City markets, their customer growth numbers are growing more rapidly than the older markets on a percentage basis. And then the southeast obviously has just come out of the blocks. So I think it's maturity in the marketplace, and we've basically leveraged our employee base based upon productivity, and I think that we added those employees and the growth comes, but it takes 2 or 3 years.
James E. Rohr: I think the estimates around that will peter out, probably out by year end, but we look at the next 2 quarters as being pretty solid.
James E. Rohr: We're seeing customer growth already in the southeast, I mean, we've only been there 90 days. But we're seeing customer growth, but you won't see that show up in revenue growth for another 12 to 18 months in a meaningful way.
James E. Rohr: I think you will see some growth in that line. We've seen growth. Real estate bring in lots of different kinds of companies. For example, you'll see a lot of different REITs that are in there that have basically moved to quality. A lot of the foreign banks have moved away from that market, and clearly the quality that our bank -- and the calling effort and the history I think has worked very well for us in that space.
James E. Rohr: Multifamily been the big construction play so far this year. That's been big for us. There's been some CMBS refinancing, and I think that's going to continue for the next 2 or 3 years. And actually you'll find in some cases, you'll find health care companies who have real estate subsidiaries who build a facility and lease it to a group of doctors or what have you that shows up as real estate, but actually it's occupied, not owner occupied, but occupied by a financial institution. So we've seen a lot of movement, and a lot of it goes to -- a lot of it moves towards this quality, and I think that's worked out very well for us in the real estate space.
James E. Rohr: No, it's hard to say, but there will be a lot of refinancing in that space. Obviously, we have a window into that, that's relatively unique. And I think in some cases, we'll place it and in other cases we'll put it on the balance sheet. So I think you're exactly right. I think it'll be a good opportunity for us to do business, and I think it'll show up in the fee line, as well as in the loan balance line.
James E. Rohr: Actually, if you think about it, they changed the rules. These instruments were no longer capital. They've just basically turned into very expensive debt, and so we can refinance this in a very, very nominal numbers in the debt market and have no impact on the capital ratios and dramatically reduce the expense.
James E. Rohr: I think if you take that low rate environment and extrapolate it out another 2 or 3 years, you will see a massive change in the banking industry. First of all, the small banks, the only business they're in is in funds brokering. The small banks also don't have the technology to lower their cost to serve for their customers. So I think you'll see a radical change in small banking. The other part of this you're just going to see changes in fees as we change the revenue mix from net interest income to fees. But we'll still generate net interest income from loans and securities, but over time, there'd be some pressure on that, and so we'll come -- the fee part I think would be the part that you would see, assuming interest rates stay where they are for the next 3 years, which is [indiscernible].
James E. Rohr: Well, I mean, it's all over the lot if you could imagine. If you think about loan yields for our asset-based lending group, you're looking at rates that are 350 or 400 basis points over LIBOR depending on the customer, of course, to the extent that it's a higher-quality credit that comes in from there. And then you have a trade finance that is less than 1%. So it really depends on what kind of a customer you're talking about.
James E. Rohr: There is only so much of this book for them to go through and put back, and I think the big issues are really if you look at it to be honest, about this stuff -- a lot of the stuff that was done before 2008 was refinanced, and so those books are smaller than they used to be. And the 2005 to '08 was the timetable for probably the most aggressive lending, if you will, and processing errors, the volumes were through the roof. We bought a mortgage company, it came along with National City, and so we're just in the process of working our way through it. We'll get through it, as will the GSEs as they finalize their reviews of the quality of the underwriting as well and the processing. So I think we're a long way towards getting through this. And by the way, they want to get through it too. So I think as we know it now, as we know it now, we've set up a reserve to deal with the GSE issue as we know. Thanks, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. It was a very, very good operating quarter for PNC, and we dealt with the repurchase issue that I think we have reviewed rather thoroughly this morning. Thanks, everyone.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, for the quarter here basically it's flattened it out. So what you're expecting to run off as it relates to RB -- National City is actually being replaced by the increase related to RBC. So there's really no impact quarter-to-quarter. But in our full year guidance as I think we said before, we would expect year-over-year for that to decline and have an impact overall. But the fact is we're growing our core, and that's been very good. So when I look at purchase accounting accretion from 2011 to 2012, I think it's going to be relatively flat. And when I think about the core, the core is growing quite a bit. And half of that's coming from RBC, and half of that's coming from core PNC.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I would just say this, it's a bit of an aberration that it went up in the quarter. We've been tactically buying some munis and some other activity, which have higher yields in the portfolio. But I think over time, you should expect that clearly we will have an impact on that to the extent rates are lower. We'll replace as much as we can of that with loan growth, which we feel pretty comfortable with, and we've been very focused over the last couple of years to buy securities which are less susceptible to repayment and try to focus on that given we expected rates to remain low for some time.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I'd say going forward, what you'll definitely see is reserves related to new originations because we have to start to provide for those, and we have been all along. But that's -- I'd say that's probably $5 million to $10 million a quarter. That's not a really big number. I think the other factor that you should see is, if we have appropriately reserved in total for this what you'll see is the friction I guess from the behaviors we have heard we're going to get, the estimates we've made versus what actually happens and whether that causes us to update our life of the loan assumptions, and if that causes us to update the life of the loan assumptions, then we'll obviously have to record that in the quarter that we changed those assumptions. But our goal here was to try to estimate life of the loan losses associated with this risk based upon what we heard from the GSEs and based upon what we've seen in terms of actual loss rates and severity rates historically.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, what we did, Matt, was we took a look at the existing reserves we have for the GSEs, as well as the outstanding portfolio still remaining on the other business we have out there, which obviously is a smaller part of our book, but nonetheless an important one. And what we did is we looked at the various factors we had in there. And we said, what if demand pattern should change in some of those other areas and what would happen if some of the estimates we've made could be off by a variation of x. We just did some stressing around it. And based upon that analysis, we determined that we think there's a reasonably possible loss, which could be anywhere from 0, which is very possible, all the way up to $350 million. But we looked at the entire book. We revisited demands, and we revisited all of our estimates under a stress scenario.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, absolutely. We don't expect any further integration cost next year related to the RBC transaction. We don't have any further trust preferreds to be called in the new year, going into 2013, and I hope we have adequately reserved for mortgage repurchase. So hopefully there won't be anything related to that, but I can't guarantee that. And I will just say that we would love to have a clean year as well.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, if you look at the regulatory guidelines, right? The difference between minimum of 7% for Tier 1 common and Tier 1 of 8.5%, that just defines for you 1.5 points of capital that I would say we will probably want to hold over time in preferred stock. We're not there yet probably. So I think over time we will definitely consider more preferred issues.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, I think what you'll see is you'll continue to see us repricing deposits, right, to the extent we can and most of the CDs are done. But we'll continue to evaluate our cost of funds on the deposit side. We're continuing to replace some of our higher-cost debt. We're continuing to call trust preferred securities. So I think the combination of those could further reduce cost of funds. I think if you look at the securities book, naturally when you've got a book with an overall yield of about 3.4%, weighted average life of about 3 years, we'll maintain that yield for a period, but the replacement -- placement rate for that is probably down around 60 basis points. So that'll put a -- obviously, over time that will have an impact on that if rates don't rise up. But we'll try to replace as much of that as we can through good commercial and in some case, good consumer loan growth such as an indirect auto space or others. So we're hoping that to the extent the yields on securities go down and the balances decline, we can replace as much of that as possible with loan growth.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the slowdown down in the commercial side, the credit quality continues to improve, and in each quarter, we are releasing reserves in that space. We still have a pretty sizable home equity, a high-risk loan portfolio. So I think while all the credit quality looks better, I think we're going to be cautious about releasing reserves in the home equity space until we work our way through some of those principal payments that are going to come up over time, which are well disclosed. But this quarter was all about RBC, and basically what you had was you had housing prices decline further. So on impaired loans and on consumer impaired loans, it's almost like a mark to market. You have to take the provision immediately. That was about $30 million of the provision, and another $40 million came through on the commercial side where we had some downgrades post-acquisition. I will tell you that in our overall file reviews, we've had as many upgrades as we've had downgrades. The problem is when you get a downgrade, you book provision, and when you get an upgrade, you either get the cash today and you put it in or you get a future yield. So it doesn't really work symmetrically. So that's why I think I've tried to say that I think our provisioning levels 150 to 250 and in that range, and I can't guarantee that range, but I think that's about what I would expect in terms of volatility.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, that's right. It was pretty flat first quarter to second quarter as we cleaned up a few cases there.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think you look at our reasonably possible disclosures on that we provided in the past is probably around $450 million. I think it'll come down -- I'd say it'll come down from there and given some of these cases we've settled, but it'll still be a reasonably possible loss out there number that would be rather sizable.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, typically what happens is that you have a early payment default less than 120 days. The agency would ask for the file. We would give them the file, they do a review, and they'd come back with a demand within 3 to 6 months. Well, on some of these vintages, that just didn't happen. The '06 to '08, there was no request for files. It didn't happen. And then to subsequent to that, we've had a lot of defaults that have occurred well beyond 120 days going on as far as 3 to 5 years after origination, and again not a lot of request for files. We'd see it anecdotally over the last probably 3 to 4 months, but I should say over the last 6 months. But in the last 3 months, we've seen it accelerate pretty aggressively, which is exactly why we reached out and engaged in conversation with both agencies to understand what the expectations are going forward. So that we could prepare for that, we could reserve for that and could make estimates of loss for that. And that's what this is intended to do is just to pick up on what we saw was a change in behavior on their part and based upon direct conversations with them.
Richard J. Johnson: Subject to future changes in behavior of the agencies, the government agencies, the private investors and the estimates we put around future defaults, demand rates, repo rates and severity rates. I mean, there's a lot that goes into these estimates. We think we've done a good job of calculating that reserve, but there could be variation off of a $460 million number.
Richard J. Johnson: No real change on the BlackRock stake. The massive amount of work we went through in the last both weeks was to understand very clearly the impact of changes to the standardized approach and changes to the advanced approach. And just to make sure because we're going to have use the higher of the 2 that the one we have been using the past, the advanced approach, was going to be the higher RWA for us. So we were still comfortable with that. And then obviously based upon a lot of work on a lot of people's part, we were able to get people to recognize that the rating agency view of the credit as opposed to the subordination of the underlying security is much more important. The performance of the underlying collateral within the securitization much more important and as a result they changed the rules on that and based on that our risk-weighted assets went from about 1,100% down to about 250% RWA in our sub-investment grade securities of about $6 billion, which is a 90 basis point improvement on our capital ratio. Now that being said, the NPR is still draft rules. We expect this will play out, but we have to wait until they finalize it.
Richard J. Johnson: Now BlackRock actually comes more on the capital side, the denominator side, and that is at least for the moment as we interpret it, it's included in the unconsolidated subsidiaries. And therefore is in the corresponding deduction approach, and so to the extent that, that goes beyond the 10% and 15% limits on that, we'd have to provide dollar-for-dollar capital. I'd estimate today that, that's probably about $2 billion, $2.2 billion of capital that we're providing today on BlackRock in our calculation. Now if we were to get treatment to allow it to move, then obviously -- and consider it under Basel II or 2.5, we'd be much happier with that. Be happy to get it out of the corresponding deduction approach, but we haven't been able to accomplish that yet.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, the average life of the book is about 3 years. The average life of the securities book more generally I should say and the duration of it is about 2, 2.25. So clearly we're seeing some runoff on that. But to the extent we can return and replace that with loan growth. And you could see if you look at the trend of what's been happening in our book, it's been coming down. But it's been coming down pretty gradually because I think the group's done a nice job of focusing on securities, which don't -- aren't subject to as much prepayment risk. So for example, if you look at the Ginnie Maes. What do we have? About $5 billion in Ginnies, $1 billion of that is pass-throughs where you're going to end up with a big prepayment risk, whereas a lot of the others are reverse mortgages and so on, which are less susceptible to low rates and prepayments.
Richard J. Johnson: That's correct. Under Basel III, the NPR, I said that the impact of the sub-investment grade securities would be 90 basis points better than we had previously anticipated it to be, and we've yet to find anything in the NPR which will cause our previous expectations to be any different.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, the $30 million you were saying was that we are -- we're starting to see some activity coming in that was unexpected, and so we're trying to anticipate that and project it out into the future. So when we saw that activity modestly changing, we'd keep updating the reserve thinking we caught it all until we found out that there was a complete change in demand patterns, and that's when we set up this reserve. The amount that we do for new originations was only like I said $5 million to $10 million of that number.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I did not do a what I would call an adverse-case stress test. That is not what I went through. What I went through was a stress test in terms of what might happen to demand rates, what might happen to severity rates, what might happen to repurchase rates and things of that sort, what might happen to future defaults in terms of the potential for variation around the estimates we've made. And that's how we set up the reserve. That's how we set up the potential exposure. But we did not try to do a CCAR kind of adverse scenario or anything like that.
Richard J. Johnson: There's no question that the one GSE is a larger portion of the book than the other GSE. Both of our reserves were based upon direct conversations with each, and what they had told us was going to be the demand file, the file demand with respect to defaults and demands. So yes, is it totally proportional? No, but is it consistent with what they told us? Yes.
Richard J. Johnson: Because it's not probable yet, and we can't book it until -- the question is, is it probable? At the moment, it's possible. We can put some range of estimates around it. We're no different than any other institution out there who all have this disclosure out there around reasonably possible. Given the fact that were only 1.5% of the servicing market, I think the reserves we've taken and the reasonably possible that we have out there is pretty consistent with the rest of the marketplace.
Richard J. Johnson: Mike, the factor we've looked at is -- I recall if you went back 4 or 5 years ago, we were looking at $1 per share as a company every single quarter. I think with the National City coming onboard, we've gone to $1.50 per share. I think with RBC on board, we're up to somewhere in the $1.60-plus per share. So I think that's a metric when you think of the returns we've given back to shareholders that we think is a pretty good sign for how we've leveraged the shares we have outstanding and the distribution platforms that we've acquired.
Richard J. Johnson: Yes, the other factor, Mike, if you look at our tangible book value per share over that same time horizon, we've gone from about $17 a share to well into the $40s now. So you've had a pretty significant improvement overall in the tangible book value per share of the company.
Richard J. Johnson: No, I think the net interest income number through the remainder of the year I think is going to hold pretty firm with where it is with core net interest income going up and losing some of the benefit of the purchase accounting, which you do over time. I think fee income has been a great story. I think the fact that we've been able to grow customers and add noninterest income in all the buckets with the exception of the mortgage repurchase I think is a good story. We're starting to see a lift in noninterest income that we expected from 2 or 3 years of good investment in customers, which I hope to see continue. I think credit costs -- I did not say were going to improve. I think they'll probably stay in that range for the next couple of quarters.
Richard J. Johnson: They'll improve from last year in total, but remember last year we had a couple of 300 quarters in there. So we're saying year-over-year, but for the remainder of the year stays relatively in a range of 150 to 250 and then I think expenses, subject to the qualifications we've made I think they're going to remain pretty consistent with where they are now through the remainder of the year. So that being said, I think we've got a very, very good performance for the second half of the year.
Richard J. Johnson: Well, you're not seeing yet a commercial loan growth in RBC. Clearly, we're just getting the people on the ground and from that point of view. So what you're seeing is clearly PNC and Nat City. And we're seeing that pretty much in what, 20-some of 34 markets in total. So you're it seeing across the board, which I think is a -- that diversification gives us a lot comfort.
Richard J. Johnson: When we talked about, the fact that some of these we had called early. About $1 billion worth we'd moved up from earlier in the third quarter and one from 2013. Actually into announcing it actually before the end of the second quarter, just accelerating that is going to give us about $25 million of additional net interest income benefit, given the decline in rates as we replace that. But the annualized impact of that is about $75 million a year.
Richard J. Johnson: So, Marty, if you add them to the $1 billion that we're calling in the third quarter that's on an average rate of 8%. So you can imagine the refinancing on that, it's got to be very cheap. The ones we're considering calling in the fourth quarter is actually at 12%. So while that actually still does qualify as capital, the cost of that capital is very, very high, and we'll have to consider whether we want to call that as well.
Richard J. Johnson: I don't feel -- we're studying it all the time, but I feel reasonably good about our ability to maintain where we're at going into 2013. Clearly, not the growth rate, but maintaining the level of net interest income that's out there. I think the real pressure comes in '14. I think that's when you start to see impact of low rates and what that might mean to, as we said before, securities portfolio repricing, loan balances repricing and so on and without a lot of levers remaining on the liability side of the balance sheet.
Richard J. Johnson: Not to mention that the low rate environment has got to help credit quality across the board in terms of the ability to refinance some of the activities that are out there, and so that may help credit costs potentially.
