Bill Demchak: Thank you, Bryan, and good morning, everyone. As you can see on the slide, we delivered strong results in the third quarter, generating $1.6 billion in net income, or $3.60 in diluted earnings per share. Rob is going to take you through the numbers in a moment, but I'd like to touch on a few highlights. First, in a challenging operating environment, we generated 3 points of positive operating leverage through disciplined expense management. Our credit quality remained strong during the quarter, reflecting our thoughtful approach to managing risk, customer selection, and long-term relationship development, all of which have historically served us well in challenging economic cycles. Next, we strengthened our capital and liquidity positions even further during the quarter. While we continue to monitor discussions regarding regulatory changes in these areas, based on our current estimates, we are well positioned to meet the proposed requirements without meaningful changes to how we operate. We continue to execute on our key strategic priorities, including our expansion market efforts in upgrading our digital capabilities. And we leveraged our strong balance sheet to take advantage of opportunities such as the Signature Bank loans that we recently acquired. Finally, we are focused on expense management, particularly in the current environment, and have taken actions to maintain disciplined expense control. We increased our Continuous Improvement goal last quarter from $400 million to $450 million, and we are on track to achieve that goal in 2023. Looking ahead, we expect to have CIP savings within a similar range for 2024. And as a reminder, we used savings from this program to fund investments in key growth markets and technology. In addition, earlier this month, we began executing on staff reductions, which will reduce our 2024 expenses by $325 million and will fall to the bottom-line. All told, we are implementing more than $725 million of expense management actions that will have impact on 2024. While decisions involving personnel are never easy, we believe they will help us more effectively and efficiently deliver for our customers and our stakeholders, and we'll continue to be diligent in our expense management going forward. And with that, I'll turn it over to Rob.
Bill Demchak: I guess what I would say is what you're seeing is kind of our expected cycle through deteriorating credit. So, our criticized list didn't really move. We moved inside of that loans to non-performing. By the way, I think they're actually all still accruing. We just kind of get there because we don't think they're re-financeable in the current market. The move to non-performing from already being criticized comes about as you just watch cap rates creeping higher and adjust the underlying value of the properties accordingly. So, I don't -- I mean, none of this is a surprise. We have heavy reserves against it. We kind of saw it coming. It's the big bulk of these properties moving through the [indiscernible]...
Bill Demchak: There's no -- it's not like there's some new scrubbing, John. I mean, we've been -- we're live on every one of these properties every day. So, it's not like we opened a drawer and found something. We know exactly what each of these are...
Bill Demchak: John, the other thing, the reason we kind of put the Continuous Improvement in there is, it's a number that we typically reinvest into our growth businesses in the future of the company. So, that's sort of what's been driving our investment game for the last bunch of years, that continues. What's new is basically dropping the run rate related to personnel and just tightening the ship and what is it a tougher revenue environment.
Bill Demchak: I mean, the workforce reduction is a specific number we mentioned of the $325 million inside of Continuous Improvement, which we do every year. We're focused on contract renewals, on management [indiscernible], building occupancy efficiencies, all the things you'd expect us to be focused on in the ordinary course of running the business.
Bill Demchak: I didn't -- I'm not sure what anybody else reported. My guess was that the trading line item was better than peer fees. But in our case, the bulk of our capital markets income come from various advisory fees from Harris Williams or Solebury or syndications and so forth. And while the pipelines remain robust, if not at record levels, the activity level, while there's been some green shoots, just hasn't been strong. Eventually it flows through. But we're getting a little tired of predicting when it will be.
Bill Demchak: All of it ends up being dependent on what you think the Fed is going to do. Personally, I think the Fed is higher for longer, even higher for longer than the market expects. In our official forecast, I guess we have two cuts towards the back half of next year. As short rates stay higher, you will continue to see betas creep up, both because we're going to reprice the back book and secondly because you'll just not on betas but just on the shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing. So, when that inflection point is -- has in some ways to do the most with what's going on with the yield curve in the Fed, as the curve continues to flatten by the long-end selling off, all else equal, that helps, notwithstanding the marks on our existing bonds, it helps with the price we get on the roll down and reinvestment. There's too many variables in there, but the basic notion that we're -- at the inflection point, I think, is entirely dependent on what happens with the Fed in the coming year. And we haven't done our budget yet, so we're not going to call it.
Bill Demchak: I guess just with the existing book, it's running down. We've run down the DV01 in our securities and swaps through the course of the entire year. We've had some purchases, but not to the extent we've had maturities. And we've been buying, I don't know what average yield is, but stuff that roughly carries flat versus leaving it in the Fed. Going forward, the switch from available for sale to held to maturity doesn't really affect anything. It's an accounting entry. So, we'll keep some amount unavailable for sale to the extent we trade around that book, but we don't trade around that book all that much, and the rest will just buy into held to maturity, which is, by the way, what we've been doing thus far since rates have gone up.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I suppose there could be. I don't know that we've actually seen any. We get pitched by everybody to execute one, which we have no need for.
Bill Demchak: But the purchase side of that is actually pretty attractive. They're giving away a lot of economics. So, it's actually a good thought. I'll go look around.
Bill Demchak: I don't know the answer to that. I would tell you, though, the bulk of our stuff, and you see it in our maturity schedules, we're kind of stabilization loans-ish project loans. And so in that instance, the hedge dynamics of somebody would put on that loan, in my experience, would be less than what they would have done on a term, 10-year CNBS alternative. So, my guess is it's not -- I think they're just in trouble for floating rate loans from lease rates going down, from vacancies going up, and from the rehab costs of redoing floors for...
Bill Demchak: Yeah. We work with borrowers to figure out how to maximize the value of the property because that's ultimately going to maximize the value of our loan. In some instances that means taking the building and selling it. In some instances that means getting more equity capital, extending a loan at a debt service coverage ratio we normally wouldn't under the theory that they can lease it up itself. But each and every one of those decisions is a decision tree based on what's the net present value of what we PNC can get against our loan. In any event, if we do something that is uneconomic relative to the original loan, that shows up in our reserves or charge-offs or so on and so forth. There's no pretend involved.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I think. And by the way, this isn't a forecast. I think it's just common sense, right? To the extent that we still have a back book of business as does everybody that hasn't necessarily repriced, and if rates are pinned at 5% forever in time, that beta will continue to go up. It's a function of how high does the Fed go and how long do they stay there. And everybody's been wrong so far. So, yeah, it's a possibility.
Bill Demchak: Yeah, I think, what I've seen thus far out of CFPB commentary is they're largely focused on some of the right things. Make it easier for customers, agree with that. Secure data, agree with that. Don't allow data to be sold and commercialized without customer permission, agree with that. Make customers agree to specific data items that they want to share in a secure environment. So, all of that stuff versus where we are today where it's a free for all and there's a lot of fraud, actually I'm in favor of. The notion of kind of open banking where somehow I can just lift and shift my account from one bank to another because now there's technology to do it, I'm not that afraid of that. It's more in the technology to allow it in a secure manner, dependent of what rule is written, doesn't exist today. And I kind of look at what they're doing and hope it's a step in the right direction on security and the safety and soundness of customer information, leading to a reduction in fraud across the industry. And the sound bites are, that's where they're going.
Bill Demchak: Look, at the end of the day -- by the way, if that happened, terrific. We compete every day and we have good customer service and great products, we'll be a net beneficiary. Practically, the technology to allow that to happen, so just think about the notion of, okay, now you have connected APIs that allow somebody to gather information and move information. Now you need to build a program that keeps track of the back book while you open a new book on a checking account, transfers, balances on cards and all. So, eventually somebody will come up with a cool business model that might be able to do that on the back of laws that allow it on the back of APIs that haven't been written yet on the back of technology that links all the banks in question together. But that hasn't happened yet.
Bill Demchak: Well, none of it's deliberate per se. We've seen some drop in utilization. We've seen a drop in kind of refinance rate as people are -- think about a corporate loan revolver where it's a three-year and every two years you renew it for the next three years. Everybody's kind of extending out under the hope that things are going to get better on spreads. So, there's just been less activity. At the margin, we are extending less credit into credit-only new relationships on the hope that we're going to get fees versus protecting our wallet where we already have a lot of fees and get cross-sell. But that's kind of at the margin thing.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. It's de minimis adds of people that we're bringing on. We're already in the business. We have the technology to be in the business. We know the clients. The rundown, we're kind of saying, 75% probably survives. Most of that is simply a function of where we have overlap with clients and the size hold that we want to have for a particular client, we'd syndicate more of it as we kind of right-size our hold. There may be inside of that book of business a handful of people that we would choose not to renew, but their credit quality is pristine. We know we underwrote every fund that is in that. And through time, you would expect that as they mature, we'll renew and some period of time out a couple of years, we'll end up with 75% of the notional that we started with, and you'll have no clue between now and then how much it was.
Bill Demchak: Yeah. So we have, I mean, beyond our securities book and swaps, which obviously we will reprice over the next several years, we have, I don't know the percentage off the top of my head, percentage of our loan book, either fixed rate to begin with, think of an auto loan, or with swaps on top of it, floating rate loan, we swap to fix, and those fixed rate loans and swaps are shorter duration typically than what we have in the securities book and there's a lot of dry powder there that we'll reprice. We are back to this notion that, hey, we're out there competing and growing this company, we will be originating those loans as they reprice. We're not dumping assets and getting out of things. It's going to shrink the total volume that's on our book.
Bill Demchak: You have the competing parts, right? We're going to have repricings of fixed rate assets fighting reprices of our liabilities. At some point, that's going to cross, and banks are going to grow NII at high percentages. I just can't tell you when that is yet, and we haven't done our budget next year.
Rob Reilly: Just the migration of the past. We do expect losses, as I said in my comments, but we believe that we're appropriately reserved.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. So, I mentioned in my opening comments when we walk down both the CIP that we anticipate implementing in '24, along with this workforce reduction that our objective is to keep '24 expenses stable year-over-year. We haven't completed our budget process. In fact, we're at the beginning of our budget process. So, we don't have a lot of '24 guidance for you other than that is our objective and that will be our expectation.
Rob Reilly: Oh, sure. That's basically the yield in terms of the portfolio that we purchased. They are short-term, about a year. So, we do expect that $0.10 a share that we talked about in the fourth quarter and then going into '24. But when we get to '24, of course, we'll include that in our full year guidance.
Rob Reilly: And that's a program that we've had in place, as I mentioned, for several years, and allows us to -- and has allowed us to grow annual expenses in the low single-digit range, even with all those investments. And in point of fact, this year, we're pointing to 1% growth year-over-year '23 over '22, and a large part of that is because of our Continuous Improvement Program.
Rob Reilly: But I would add to that, our capital market is weighted towards our M&A advisory Harris Williams. We had a soft second quarter. At the end of the second quarter, our pipelines were higher than the first quarter. So, we thought naturally that the third quarter would be higher, but it wasn't. So, we find ourselves at the end of the third quarter with even higher pipelines than we had at the beginning of the quarter. But inside of that, a subset of the pipeline are signed deals, which that part is higher than it was at this point last quarter. So, we do expect to see the lift, and our expectations are that we get back to first quarter levels.
Rob Reilly: Yeah. I would just add to that, just observations. Deposits continue to decline. We expected that, but that decline is slowing. Betas have gone up, but the increase has slowed. In fact, in the third quarter, the actuals came in lower than what we expected for the first time since rates have been increasing rapidly. So things have slowed as far as that trajectory is, and then obviously the inflection point issues that Bill just covered are valid.
Rob Reilly: Yeah, pretty good there, Scott, in terms of credit. So, all of the noise, so to speak, is in the commercial real estate office space that we spoke about. As far as the shared national credit results went, they're complete. They're represented in our numbers. And it was pretty benign in terms of total deals. Upgrades were more than downgrades, but they were a handful of each.
Rob Reilly: There's a couple things to add there. One of the uses of cash, Gerard, was the purchase of the Signature loans. So that was our biggest...
Rob Reilly: Yeah, that was our biggest outlay. And then on the [split] (ph). Bill has it right. Where we are now is probably about where we are plus or minus to your views in terms of what -- but where we got to holding it all to 100% of AFS was the tailoring, which has passed us. So, we're back to sort of the normal [split] (ph).
Rob Reilly: Yeah. This is Rob. So, good question. So, in regard to the long-term debt, our message is, independent of the rules, as we resume a more conventional funding structure in terms of our debt to our deposits that was pre-COVID, we would be compliant. So that's the takeaway. In regard to how we get there, it's a combination of everything that you outlined. There will be issuances at the holding company as part of our ongoing plan that will then ultimately be papered down to the bank, but there's a lot of moving parts there. The message is we'll get there and we would have gotten there independent of these rules.
Rob Reilly: Bill, do you want me to? I can. Well, on the expense issue, we did say that we expect '24 expenses to be stable. And we haven't finished our budgeting cycle, so we can't really answer in terms of anything beyond that in '24. In regard to the NII and the fourth quarter guide, it does include the Signature acquisition, which we said was about $0.10 a share. Recall, in the third quarter, we had expected 3% to 5% decline. We ended up down 3%. So, when we look to the fourth quarter, roll all that together, that's how we get down 1% to 2%.
Bill Carcache: Understood. I wanted to ask you another one about the CFPB sort of open banking proposal bill, but I'll queue back up for that one. Thank you.
Bill Carcache: Yeah, thanks for taking my follow-up. So, Bill, I was hoping you could just share your thoughts on the CFPB's plans to propose an open banking rule. There's a view that open banking essentially forces the industry to hand over the keys to the customer relationship. You've talked in the past about sort of the dynamic of like passwords and all that kind of stuff, but I was just hoping you could speak broadly to that point or that topic.
Bill Carcache: Okay, that's helpful. I had heard something along the lines of some of the actions they're taking are intended to make it easier for customers to "break up with their banks." And so, I was wondering if there was anything in the language. You mentioned how you're not worried about the ability to shift the relationship...
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. One follow-up on the Signature acquisition as well. So just wondering if you can provide a little more context on the portfolio, seeing the line that you're expecting to hold on to -- or expecting to hold on to 75% of the relationships over time, are you bringing on new team members? Is there expenses along with that? And just anything you can help us in terms of like the duration of the loans and is there just kind of a natural run-off that happens given I think that they're generally a pretty short duration type of loan? Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Yeah, that's a fair point on we won't know. That's what I was trying to ask. The second question is...
Ken Usdin: Yeah. No, I totally understand. I would think it would be a net positive as an offset to whatever has happened.
