William Demchak: Well, just on cumulative losses, the scenario we ran and jump in here where you want, Rob, basically had us coming up with losses of $10 billion in 2020, whereas the severe -- the severely adverse in CCAR had roughly $10 billion over the nine quarters.
William Demchak: That's an unanswerable question. So what we tried to do was barbell it for you. We would tell you and I had this in my script that since we closed the books, we saw claims be higher than we had assumed. We changed from thinking that a V-shaped recovery was going to happen fast into more of a U-shaped recovery. So that's why we kind of put comments out there that we're going to have a reserve build likely into the second quarter.If we had perfect foresight here, the reserve true-up we would have taken in the first quarter would have effectively marked our book to current economy and future provision would simply be based on growth. So it would go way down. In practice, given we're seeing the economy worsen from our assumptions, again, sort of dragging out further unemployment a little bit higher, we'll see reserve build into the second quarter. That doesn't mean it's going to be necessarily higher than the first quarter. It doesn't mean that it's going to be lower than the first quarter.
William Demchak: Yes. So, trying to give you some precise science with all of these unknowns out there, I just -- I don't think it’s a useful exercise. What I did think was useful; simply make it as ugly as we can make it and show that we are still highly liquid and at that point, 150 basis points over the regulatory minimum. So we can operate in this environment.
William Demchak: Let me -- yes, so that's a CECL 101 question. I mean basically, CECL itself in its perfect form, if our economic predictions were correct, today, our reserve would cover the entire portfolio as it runs down, including charge-offs. And any change in provision would be -- would come from the rundown of the portfolio, upgrades and downgrades of the portfolio and then additions to the portfolio. So, CECL by its very nature is ahead of the charge offs.
William Demchak: Yes. It has those embedded in that. So again, if our assumptions were correct in the first quarter, and we think that they weren't conservative enough, but if they were, and we just quit lending, we're covered. That's what CECL is designed to do. And in theory, if that were correct, our provision would decline through here from the print in the first quarter through the rest of the year. In practice, we're saying we think the economy is worse. And therefore, the provision will be elevated beyond what we would provide for simple loan growth. And beyond that, we can't get any more exact.
William Demchak: Well, versus the severely adverse we talked about by $9.5 billion, but that's not the one we expect. Versus what's happened in the economy, put it into context from what I've seen other people do, just against charge-offs. Go back to kind of basics, I think we provided for 4.2 times or something like that are charge-offs in the quarter.
William Demchak: That's pretty similar to what everybody has done, JP was a little bit higher than that. I think – but people are kind of right around that number. Should it have been five times? Yeah, maybe. Yeah. But in context against what we know, if we were light, it's not orders of magnitude light. It's – we're suppose to have –we should have been a couple of hundred million more. And again, I'm making up a number here. And by the way, a week from now, I can give you a different number and that's the final point.
William Demchak: Yeah. And not withstand – I actually, notwithstanding all the – all the magic that goes into the CECL models. I did gain some amount of comfort from the fact that at least for the big banks that have reported to date that the numbers are kind of similar as a function of multiples of charge-offs.
William Demchak: Yeah. I think what's happening – think about it occurring with smaller commercial, small business clients. A lot of it real estate related, not surprise, where we're kind of deferring interest for 90 days or something. Much of it, when we do it as an aside, isn't actually changing the rating of the credit, so they were good credits. They've got a cash flow crunch, we're waving interest or payment or something, and it doesn't necessarily trigger an outright downgrade. So it's kind of case by case. It's building and ultimately, it's going to result in losses, and that's what we're reserved it for.
William Demchak: And the other -- I'm just looking at some numbers here. The other thing on auto is, for example, we have about $300 million in auto, where we've had morgs, but if memory serves, we -- on any given day, have half of that in the normal course.
William Demchak: So some of these totals, we're close to $5 billion. A big chunk of that is kind of in the ordinary course of what you see in consumer. And to be honest with you, we struggled a little bit to break out how much of this is really COVID related versus how much of this is basic churn in the consumer book.
William Demchak: No, because the thing that changed the most, right, was the shock that the market had on unemployment claims, the two weeks in a row where they kind of went 6 million a week, that was close to close. So that's the biggest change we saw.The other thing that's impacting how we think of this, the GDP decline is probably right. The unemployment decline we need to think through how to model correctly because of the amount of government dollars that are going into unemployed pockets.So the normal impact you'd see from the spike in unemployment that would drive GDP further down doesn't feel right. And it's more than you want to know, but that's what we have to sort of model.
William Demchak: But the basic notion is that, that reserve gets marked to your best expect of economic outcome when you close the books.
William Demchak: And what we're saying -- all we're saying today is all else equal, what I know now a couple of weeks post is the economy is a little bit worse than what we assume we close the books, and we'll capture that in the second quarter.
William Demchak: And if we get it right in the second quarter, then there wouldn't be any more build in the third quarter. And it's as simple as that. We're not trying to -- don't confuse that with orders of magnitude. To my point, I mean, things could get horrific, and we've shown you the horrific number.
William Demchak: Well, I think without question, our loan book is going to stand out. We've said this forever. We haven't changed our credit box. We're going to have losses, but there are going to be losses that you would otherwise expect for the way we talk about our credit. And I think in an environment like this, I always say, the cost of goods sold actually becomes known.
William Demchak: So I think that stands out. I think our willingness to extend capital intelligently to clients is going to stand out as it did in the crisis. We have an opportunity to grow good clients and support existing clients with our liquidity and capital and we are going to do that.We do have, as you know, some very stable fees in particular, our treasury management business, which is doing fantastically well and is very stable and will support us through this. We have for the quarter and probably for the next quarter or so, our capital markets activity has been very strong.So I think we're in a really good position. And we sit as a management team here, working tirelessly to support our clients and with mixed emotions in the sense that this is the environment we run our company for, right? Our company is built around being able to support people and grow when everybody else falters.
Robert Reilly: Yes. Erika, that's exactly right. So it's more severe in the sense that we front end those losses into the next nine months whereas CCAR and DFAST contemplated that over nine quarters.
Robert Reilly: The fluidity of the situation, John, as you know, is moving so fast. So on any given day, the scenarios can change. We felt good about our estimate at March 31. It's deteriorated from then. For the second quarter, it can move around a lot over the next couple of months. And when we go to do our CECL estimates for the second quarter, we'll factor all that in.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Just – that's been slower. And as I mentioned in my comments, John, we handle that on an individual basis with customers. So there's been some of it, but nowhere near the volume on the consumer side.
Robert Reilly: And it's something we've got our eye on for the second quarter so, but it's nowhere near the volume of that consumer.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. Right now – right now, it is 80-20 investor versus bank owned, and the vast majority of that being mortgage. The other significant category is auto, but mortgage is the largest.
Robert Reilly: Well, that's why, for the second quarter, at least, I combined other with fee income, and we have the total being down 15% to 20%. So that's not about as precise as I can get.
Robert Reilly: Hopefully, we won't see the private equity valuation marks that we saw in the first quarter, but who knows.
Robert Reilly: Yeah. And the only thing that I would add to that is, and you know it, Bill, it's just the fluidity of all this. It moves fast daily, and we'll continue to monitor it and build it into our scenarios.
