Lee Shavel: Thanks, Dave. In summary, our businesses are strong, and we are making important progress executing on our strategic and operational initiatives, including the separation of the energy business and our improvement in margins. As we evaluate options for the energy business, we will continue to focus on pursuing the most value creating path for our shareholders and all the various stakeholders. We are confident that the transformation of our portfolio and active cost management, we can return to growth in line with our long-term objectives, and deliver OCC adjusted EBITDA growth ahead of revenue growth in 2022 and beyond. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And with that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Alex. So yes, I think you have -- took the comments accurately, in terms of the base rate. And as we indicated, 2022 is going to be noisy. There are a lot of effects in what we are working towards and I think remain confident in is that going into 2023, we will have achieved run rate expenses that demonstrate progress in 2023 on a full year basis. And as we then look to 2024, our expectation is that 2024 on a full year basis will represent a achievement of that 300 to 500 basis point improvements. And so I think your question Alex went to is that something that you're anticipating exiting 2024 with? No, I think that we believe that achieving that our objective for 2024 as a whole is, is what we are targeting and we remain confident with.
Lee Shavel: So Ashish thank you for the question. I'm going to start off by making a high-level comment with regard to our subscription revenue versus non-subscription revenue and insurance and then turn it over to Mark to give some compositional color around that. But to your question, in Dave's comments, we highlighted that for insurance in the first quarter, we achieved 7.2%, organic constant currency revenue growth in our subscription revenue. And the weaker part of the business is, was in our non-subscription revenue. And that was a function of within our Medicare set aside some caution with regard to regulatory changes, hangover from the pandemic, pressured some of that transactional revenue. In addition, we continue to see lower auto purchasing activity. And then, finally, we had a tougher compare due to the Texas ice storms in the prior year period. So I think not stepping away from the fact that the 6% was below that overall target, in the most important component of the largest component, the subscription revenue growth, we think was very solid, and we have some near term transactional revenue. That was really the primary driver of that lower growth rate. But Mark, press within the businesses, you can give some context around the strength on the subscription side and any of the other transactional elements.
Lee Shavel: And Ashish, thanks for that mark. And Ashish, I want to also come back and address your question on the longer term growth trajectory. And certainly, within our existing businesses, we see a constructive environment and good demand. But one area that I'll be focused on and this comes out, I think some of my past experience, as well as conversations with customers, is that the insurance industry as a whole continues to look for opportunities to improve their efficiency to take substantial costs out of their operations, to improve the digital experience with their customers. And I think our ability from where we sit to act as their technology partner in more of a utility role, where we can find solutions for the industry is a tremendous opportunity for us to think more broadly about what we can do, because if we are creating value for the industry, we're creating value for our clients. And I think that will naturally drive value for our shareholders.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. So let me first confirm that that 300 to 500 basis points half of the 50% to 51% assumes that we have separated energy. And so what we are trying to do is provide and reference, as we did in the original statement, what the consolidated insurance focused business looks like from a margin standpoint. So it explicitly assumes that we have separated energy within that context. And with regard to tax rate, I think we are still sorting through that as we look at the complexity of the legal entities that we utilize on a global basis. And we have tried to utilize some of the legal efficiencies within those tax jurisdictions. I don't think at this point, we're anticipating a dramatic change in the tax, but I just want to maintain the fact that we are as part of our exercise, trying to get a more precise read on what the tax implications are.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Greg. I appreciate the question. I know this has been a focus for investors. And so the way I would describe it, and on page 16, it's important to understand for 2021, that does include VFS, 3E and Wood MacKenzie. And I would note that if we were looking at this on a segment basis, the various financial services and Wood MacKenzie particularly as a function of the Lens investment that we have made, as well as product enhancements that we were making at Verisk Financial Services, we're operating at a higher CapEx as a percentage of revenue relative to our average. And so if we are looking at an insurance on focused entity, while there will continue to be investment opportunities, probably most notably with what we're describing as our four lines reimagine that we believe will deliver similar types of benefits to the Lens platform that we did with Wood MacKenzie, that those areas of investment will continue to be important. But overall across the insurance, that would have been and we expect would be below the average rate that we have been operating at over the past three to five years.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Look, I appreciate the perspective and I think that we would agree there are a lot of growth opportunities within the business as we are sorting out the separation of the two businesses. Part of that exercise is looking at the overall insurance business and evaluating where there are growth, where there are opportunities to invest, where there are opportunities to deinvest. At this point, given that, I think it's early stage in making that assessment. And we're not prepared to change the guidance that we have. I think we've demonstrated on the subscription revenue that we have been able to achieve within insurance that 7% growth, there are transactional revenues that we still are expecting to show recovery. But as we proceed through the separation, my objective would be to give a more thoughtful and fulsome description of how we think about growth going forward as we are thinking about this as an insurance focus entity. I take the point, there are a lot of growth opportunities, we're going to be making investments. But at this stage, we haven't reached the point where we're ready to make a change in that long-term guidance. We believe 7% organic constant currency or higher growth for the insurance business is a very solid respectable target with operating leverage that should drive EBITDA ahead of that. We've made our point in terms of our EBITDA expect expectations. And hopefully, we'll continue to refine that as we think about where we want to focus where we want to invest, and what we think the growth opportunities are.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Heather. So I appreciate the question on the low end versus the high-end. I think there are two primary dimensions that will influence that. One is simply the quantum of opportunity that we identify and we want to identify as much opportunity as we can that doesn't impact the overall growth level of the business. And so that's, we are certainly pushing to achieve as much of that margin improvement as we have laid out as possible. The other side of that is, what is the level of investment that we think is necessary to support, expand the overall growth and achieve good returns on that. That is the tension point, as I've described before, to many of you to many of the investors, margin is a dynamic element that you have to understand in terms of what is -- what margin expansion is being generated on a pre-investment basis. And then what do you consume in order to support and expand growth and returns on beyond that. And so particularly, as we are going through an environment with higher inflationary costs, with high competition for our talent. We are evaluating those impacts which I would describe as environmental that we have to take into account that may influence where we end up in terms of that range. But the primary business tension will be the quantum of cost savings, that are not growth impacting as well as our deliberate decision on what we're going to -- where we are going to invest, and what the OpEx impact of that will be on our overall margins. But the primary objective is, as I mentioned in my comments, that growth and returns are the fundamental foundation for value creation for shareholders.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Mark. And one thing I want to add, before Stacey will address the contribution elements, Manav is adding one thing that we have been pleased with is the shift that we have made from more of a portfolio orientation from an acquisition standpoint, to a focus on business unit driven acquisitions is that we have been able to identify where we can have an impact on the business, we have focused on an improved and more intensive integration process. And so with acquisitions like FAST, Jornaya and Sequel for instance, we have been able to demonstrate improved performance against our expectations and really help accelerate a lot of good technologies that the insurance industry values, but we can really help accelerate their adoption by the industry.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So Jeff, thanks for that. Couple of things. One, I think that what's important to understand on that decline, is that the primary contributor to that is the reallocation of expenses to the insurance and the energy sector. And so and if we achieve that separation with energy, that will be a further allocation. That's what gets you to that 50% to 51% level. Now, there are going to be effects within that quarter that influence if, for instance, we have the discrete professional costs. And we mentioned in that quarter, there was a benefit from some compensation elements that will reverse. But I think that primary impact of the reallocation of the expenses is a good starting point for understanding kind of what our normal run rate expenses will be over the course of the year.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, George. I appreciate the question. And I'll start by saying, first, from a process standpoint, obviously, we are in -- the business is operating on a real-time basis, we are making investments. And so on those, we are maintaining what we believe was the right investment approach going into 2022. And so within our budget, and so those are the types of investments that you want to maintain. We will look as we go into 2023, where the trade-offs are from a growth standpoint, relative to the expense savings. And this is actually kind of the typical year-end discussion that Scott and Mark and I would have to evaluate what is the level of investment that we believe is advisable in the business to sustain to expand the growth opportunity? What is the margin impact? What are the returns on for all of those, and we look at those options across all of the businesses and then determine what we think is the best and the most supportive. And so as -- we are near-term focused on achieving the cost savings, identifying, implementing those over the course of 2022. And then as we proceed and think about where we want to focus our investment on an ongoing basis within that business. We will look at those trade-offs. There is not a monolithic across the business perspective on this is what we are going to invest in growth because almost by necessity, it needs to be a project-by-project and business-by-business determination and that we evaluate through our budget and our long range planning. So that's probably the best answer that I can give you. But we are always trying to, one, prioritize growth in returns while achieving the margin expansion objectives that we've outlined.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Thank you, Andrew. So the first point that I want to make is that as we detailed in our last call, from an economic standpoint, we are achieving a benefit from our transition to cloud, meaning that our investments in that cloud migration have generated OpEx savings and CapEx savings across the portfolio that we have made. And it's important to understand that you have to look at both dimensions of that to see the economic value. But it does entail naturally an effective transition of what were formerly CapEx expenses into OpEx expenses in terms of our cloud-based expenses. And so, firstly, that investment is generating an economic value, and is generating a high double-digit plus return on the capital that we invested within that. And I say that on the basis of having looked at the projects of where we've made those investments and then what we've achieved from an OpEx and CapEx savings standpoint. So we do believe that it is contributing both economic value and returns. Your broader question, as I understand it is to understand the benefits from a business standpoint. And we do believe that the migration of those data sets into the cloud of the applications into the cloud, facilitate more coordination and integration of the analytics that are able to draw from that consolidated data set. And in a way, the Lens experience that we've had is a demonstration of that. First, and probably most immediately, in terms of the ease with which our customers can access data, utilize data, integrate into their processes, improve their efficiency, because we are sourcing from multiple systems or from legacy systems. And much of what we want to accomplish in our core lines reimagined moves in that direction as well, process efficiency first, but we're also improving the environment where we can associate data sets more and more effectively. But that is, I think a more of a second stage achievement, we're focused first on the economic value that we can achieve the process improvements for our clients, and then ultimately, the improved analytical opportunity. There's certainly may be overlap. But generally, that's the process. And to-date, I would say on that data benefit, that is still largely an unrealized in certain areas, I think we've achieved it. But in terms of the broader opportunity, I think there's still much more for us to do. And it ties into I think, this broader infrastructure or utility opportunity that we see for the industry as a whole as that data becomes consolidated in a more consistent architecture. It facilitates broader industry process improvements.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So Faiza thanks that's a lot of questions to throw at me. But we'll try to knock them down one by one. So at this point, the dollar detail as we are developing this as we are anticipating what we can achieve over the course of 2022, we aren't at the stage where we are ready to provide $1 breakdown on the expense. With regard to your question on operating leverage, operating leverage is really the key element that I focus on, and I am -- we do embrace the fact that this opportunity to rethink our cost base fundamentally improves our operating leverage. We've always been focused on businesses that have solid operating leverage. And as we drive strong organic growth into the business that magnifies the EBITDA growth, and that naturally produces margin expansion offset by our level of investment. The last question or element of the question related to the impact of M&A. And there our focus is on generating growth and returns. I think embedded in your question is, do we rely on acquisitions to maintain our growth rate? I think the short answer is no, we do look for businesses that we can create value from that are higher growth and represent opportunities for us to accelerate and to generate returns. But we believe that our internal opportunities to grow and as we've demonstrated in a variety of areas, including with our Lightspeed products and within our claims business, with a number of the products that we've added there, within our Extreme Events Solutions, businesses, those have all been strongly performing growth businesses for us. Looking ahead, we obviously can't anticipate the acquisitions that may become available to us. Our acquisitions are typically for smaller, higher growth businesses that do have lower margins. And if we do see acquisitions that we think are value creating, we will pursue those, and they may have a negative margin impact. In fact, they're probably likely to have a negative margin impact that would be outside of our overall objectives here, but they're fundamentally focused on value creation through our ability to accelerate and drive both growth in returns. So our analysis is based on the business as it is right now that we can achieve that against that insurance focus, consolidated business, but we aren't making any assumptions in terms of what our future acquisitions are. Those have to be opportunistic and based upon our discipline.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. So the first comment is, as we are kind of looking at this separation, I would just kind of leave it at right now. The investment on the energy side relative to revenue would be above that average, driven by that level of Lens investment in 2021 and 2022. And so we would expect that there would be an improvement on that. But we want to look at that separation, before we evaluate changing that guidance, which we still adhere to. The second part of your question is, one, yes, we are seeing that CapEx savings as you can see on that slide, but that internally developed software will continue to be an important component of the way that we invest to deliver value to our clients. It is creating platforms for the data, it is creating software automation solutions for clients. And that will continue to be an important component for the way that we either improve efficiency or make better decisions within our business as a whole. Our business is becoming more software intensive. And we think that's a good thing because of the value that we can create for them. One from a process standpoint, but also recognize that in a lot of the software businesses that we have and have acquired are essentially networks of participants in the insurance ecosystem. Our Sequel business or Specialty Business Solutions, is probably the best example of that. And that creates opportunities for us to utilize that data to create analytics and to provide new functionality that supports the ecosystem. And so that's why it's so important in a way with that software, we are able to recreate in other markets of the network effect that we have enjoyed historically within our domestic business. And I would also note, when you look at our acquisitions, Fast, sequel, Jornaya, they are more software intensive and are associated with that higher growth rate. So that will be an ongoing an important component for us.
Lee Shavel: So with that, I think that is our final question. Thank you for your time today. Thanks again to Scott for all of his contributions and we look forward to the ongoing dialogue with all of you as we proceed. Have a good day.
Mark Anquillare: No, Lee. I think it was well said I just will highlight that. We have gone across every account every division. And we've gotten very deep into this. And I think the theme here is a combination of how can we be more effective? How can we be more efficient and that's across a lot of different categories, as well as what products may need to be rethought. But I will emphasize, we want to make sure that we continue to invest in the future because we're looking to grow and continue to grow as we have an organic growth is key to all this. So it's a delicate balancing act. But I think we've been making very good progress here and we're confident.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, Lee. I go back to -- we're just under 7% in ’21 from an insurance perspective, as we look forward, I think the 7.2 is a good indication of the strength of the business. I can provide a little color on the ups and downs as some of the non-subs type of revenue. One, storms last year, Texas storms provided a little bit of a headwind in '21, obviously working against that comp in ‘22. Two, there still seems to be a quietness, at least in volumes as a result of the pandemic. And we see that in two places. One, just people aren't shopping for auto insurance, car insurance quite as frequent as they once did. I think they're probably content with at least the rates they have now. As inflation hits, and rates start to rise, people will again begin to shop. And the world of workers comp claims is just generally down. In your home, it's just not as many workers comp claims, we've seen probably drop of maybe around 20%. And there's been some regulatory changes that have paused some of the activity with insurers to how they're going to approach those claims. So those are the specifics with regard to non-subs or non-subscriptions. But what I like to emphasize is the subscription side of things, whether it's from our underwriting core line services, the claims analytics business, which is the fraud finding business exception on, and again, with extreme events, very strong. So I was pleased with first quarter. And as is the norm, we typically have growth and we have strength as the year progresses with insurance. So thank you.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So let me -- two themes that I think you'll spot is, one, we continue to focus on trying to globally grow. So we'd have this wonderful franchise in the United States. And we've tried to take and extend that into other areas. So a) optic provides us with an underwriting base and foundation in Canada, doing many of the same things that [Ferris] [ph] does in United States around the ability to understand the value of a property, how much it should be insured, the property characteristics, so very nice synergies, very much aligned with what we do. And it takes us into Canada. We have a strong claims presence from a repair cost estimating perspective, but limited underwriting. So I hope that's kind of very strategic in that regard. The other international element to this is, we bought a business called ACTINEO, which represents a claims business around auto in Germany. So as we try to extend and expand, we've had some wonderful growth and some great synergies in the U.K. market. And this takes us into Germany, but also provides us an opportunity in solution set that along with an earlier acquisition called Validus that helps us also potentially get into Spain, and back into the U.K. in this product area. So again, international expansion, the focus. Other theme is really around marketing. And we've experienced a lot of customers very interested in trying to understand it and penetrate the customers, they are trying to segment, the customers they are trying to identify and bring on board. We have some wonderful tools to help them quote that business and identify and select that risk. So think about some shopping for homeowners insurance or auto insurance. [Indiscernible] is give us visibility as to who's literally out there shopping for insurance. It is an ID -- a lead ID that kind of shares this industry standard that yes, I'm out there. I've been on these websites. And to the extent that now I have information about that person. We are taking a lot of our underwriting where we've been focused on the asset, meaning the house or the car and trying to extend it into the people and the person in the individual gaining insurance. And we feel that personal side of underwriting and marketing is a very large market opportunity and we're naturally there already. So hopefully that provides a little bit of strategic context like.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, super. So first of all, naturally, the way we kind of align our value add to our customers needs is typically tied to some element, how big they are, which is usually in the form of premium. So it doesn't necessarily tie year-after-year the premium, but we try to think it up to how they're using basically our core products, or our claims analytics products to the extent you think about some of the solutions on the repair cost estimating side, it's just the number of claims. So I think what we've typically tried to do is set up a process by which we kind of size the overall relationship based upon premium or claims are. And then inside of that, we are trying to create a holistic solution. So we are trying to bumble solutions together. So we provide a holistic solution set to them. And I think the opportunity there is that one, they have the ability to bundle the products, they get kind of a value price. And we try to include some increase or inflation in years two and three, usually there is a three year contracts, and they kind of come renew and year four, sometimes they are five year contracts. But I hope that gives you a little bit of color. 85% of the revenue is subscription based typically it's in these three-year contracts. And I think the relationship strong. So we're always able to add new solutions or maybe they want to add a different subsidiary to the mix and that gives us continued upselling opportunities inside what is a very big existing customer base.
