Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, we are excited about our business momentum and the opportunity ahead. Our motivating purpose is to partner with our clients in building resilience for individuals, communities, and businesses globally. The combination of our focused business model, deep customer relationships, and strategy to deliver value for clients through improved decision making and operational efficiency is a formula that will also deliver value to our shareholders through growth and returns. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk, given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, George. I appreciate the question. So the short answer is yes. I think the dynamic that we're observing is that because of the loss environment and the frustrations that the insurers or the carriers generally have had in getting rate increases to compensate them for the increased risk and the increased replacement costs driven by replacement. Right now they are focused on achieving profitability off of their existing books and that has resulted in a lower level of advertising by the carriers as they are kind of working with their existing book. We have seen, as Elizabeth described, a lot of shopping activity, but that is consumer driven and is a response to the higher rates that almost everyone is experiencing right now. The consequences of that for us is that in our Verisk marketing solutions business, we have seen declines within that business because of lower overall advertising spend by the carriers as a function of this environment.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Alex. I'm happy to address that. I think we have seen a clear benefit in a variety of areas. So one and first is that engaging at that strategic dialogue and I probably have had over a dozen client CEO meetings and one thing that we focus on in that is understanding their broader enterprise challenges within this environment. And there's also a focus on what is Verisk doing for us and where are their areas that we are helping others that we can help them. And specifically, in a number of those conversations, we've identified products -- existing products that we have that can be particularly helpful in this environment. And I would say are what we have done to help carriers analyze their existing rate adequacy and where there may be opportunities to improve their rates in their auto book or in other parts of their business. And that's opened up some channels that before where our bottoms up approach may have run into an obstacle within the organization. But when given the opportunity to describe the strategic benefit, the financial benefit, we're getting more top down support. And I've seen that take place in a number of clients. So I think that's one. The second is in understanding areas, emerging areas where they are facing either challenges or interest in new technologies, an opportunity to guide what we are doing in some of our projects like core lines, reimagine, what we're doing in generative AI, to tailor them to what we know has strategic resonance for those clients has been helpful. And so I think as we have been investing in a number of generative AI applications that has been specifically helped by getting insight and buy in from those levels. I had one dinner with the CEO said, look, Lee, we could spend tens of millions of dollars on generative AI, and I'm not sure what we'll be able to generate out of it. But if you can develop a pilot and we can benefit from that. We would be happy to test that pilot as soon as you have it ready. And I think that's a great example of where we're able to substantiate that strategic dialogue and translate it into targeted product development at a faster rate than we would have before. I think those are certainly benefits that we'll hope to begin to deliver additional growth for us in 2024 supporting our core business.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Hey, Andrew, this is Lee. I know you directed that to Elizabeth, but we have Neil Spector who runs our underwriting business for us, and I think he's been closest to that. So let me give him an opportunity to give you a read from what we're seeing in those markets.
Lee Shavel: And I would add to that, Andrew, and I think that gives a great kind of current sense of where things are. Neil and I were in Washington, D.C. last week meeting with a number of the trade associations just to understand how we can be helpful to the industry from a data perspective. And one thing that was very clear is that the Florida and California are both very engaged with the industry to understand what steps could be taken to improve the health of those markets. I think they understand the risk and the challenges. They obviously face some political pressure, but we've been encouraged by their openness to discussing how they can improve the market dynamic for the carriers within each of those markets. And that's an intense level of dialogue that could ameliorate some of kind of the early pressures that we saw.
Lee Shavel: I think those are the two core elements. One, the impact of premium growth, which as we indicated, remains strong, as well as the value that we are creating, particularly in core lines where we've increased the number of data sets, we've increased the ability of our clients to utilize that data. And so we certainly look to capture the value that we're creating for our clients there and all of those factor into our pricing considerations.
Lee Shavel: Thanks, Toni. So the first thing that I would say is, hopefully is as evident by kind of what we have been doing has been a primary focus on our internal operations and what we can accomplish with the core business. And we're particularly focused on the growth objectives that we've set, the margin objectives that we've set. And we feel it's important coming after -- coming off of Investor Day that we are focused on demonstrating what the core franchise is able to deliver. So in that regard, we are not looking at any substantial large acquisitions that would be transformative. We obviously are entirely focused on insurance right now. And so that's the orientation. We do maintain active engagement on smaller mid-size opportunities; generally sub $100 million, where we feel there may be a high quality product that has gotten initial traction with the industry and where we can add substantial value by accelerating its adoption. In many cases, our clients feel more comfortable adopting a product when they know that they have the strength and the stability and our capabilities behind it, or we can enhance that product by improving the data set, improving the efficiency or the technology that's driving it. And we've had success with that in a number of areas, probably most notably our acquisition of FAST on the life side, which has been a textbook case of where we can add value in those areas. We continue to be excited about the marketing opportunity, even though as we mentioned in our earlier comments, the advertising environment has been a headwind for that. But we see broader appetite for those and we'll look to across all of our businesses to see where there might be a technology or a product or a data set that is relevant. So I wouldn't say that there is anything in particular, we really are aware of it across all of our businesses, and we want to make certain that we don't miss an opportunity to enhance one of our businesses if there is something that is truly additive.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Jeff. It's an interesting question, and I would start off by saying that first, at a high level, I feel as though the strategic engagement that we've had has created broader opportunities for us to advance in a number of businesses by more effectively communicating the value to their enterprises. So I think that's certainly something that we feel strongly about. We -- in addition, feel confident about the core lines reimagine investment that we have made and our ability to deliver greater value to our clients over the next several years and to participate in that. I think that we are also seeing in the property market and the focus around profitability and opportunity to serve our clients more broadly. I think the other thing that we would look at this year that we have benefited from is some higher level of transactional activity, particularly in the auto side with high levels of shopping that have contributed to our growth rate that may not be sustained into 2024. Similarly, on the property side, some higher levels of activity there that have contributed to strong growth. I think overall, we're really pleased with the growth that we generated in 2023. We had some tailwinds. We aren't providing guidance on 2024 at this point. We have to step back and assess where we are, and we'll do that in the first quarter. But I think strategically and from a -- from an investment standpoint, we're excited about where we're investing core lines, generative AI, investments that we're making in broadening our ecosystem and integrating other partners that add value to our customers. And we'll continue to work to offset and mitigate any of the transactional benefits that we've had in 2023.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Heather, I would say, look, we're very focused on the margin objectives that we set at Investor Day and I think we had a very good start and what we have delivered and have been realizing the benefits of that. But it's a continuous process for us and we're always going to look for where we can achieve greater efficiencies throughout the business. Elizabeth mentioned several, but as we have been able to make the business a more integrated business focused on insurance, I think we've identified some areas where we can improve both effectiveness and efficiency in the organization and we'll expect to be pursuing those in 2024 to continue that momentum.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, Seth, thank you for the question. And I'm going to ask Neil to talk about where we see incremental opportunities within the life space. I think it's not only clients, but also thinking about kind of the nature of their technology, that low-code, no-code approach and its applicability more broadly here in the industry.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Surinder. I'm going to appreciate that. We've been pleased with the international growth rates across the organization. I would put them into three categories. We first have our specialty business solutions, which is predominantly London-based addressing the Lloyd's or the excess and surplus market there. They continued to have success in delivering workflow and automation efficiencies through the software platform that they are -- have built and are integrating other components to. We think that's delivers a lot of value to the participants in that market, so that's been additive to our overall growth rate. On the underwriting side, we have a life, health, and travel business that has performed well, particularly coming off of the resurgence of global travel post the pandemic. Since then, it's kind of normalized, but we continue to see opportunities for that to grow. And I'm going to actually turn to Maroun Mourad, who has had several businesses internationally on the claim side to give you a sense of our experience there as well.
Lee Shavel: And Surinder, just to kind of put it in context, the international revenues represent about 17% of our total, as you probably would see in the investor presentation. And I think the characteristic is that this is an opportunity for us to penetrate new markets. It is diverse, as you can hear from a lot of the businesses. So we have a number of growth factors and I would end by saying a focus also on elevating our dialogue to articulate the strategic value to international institutions is part of our strategy as well. So we're happy with the progress that we're making. We continue to see that as a substantial growth opportunity for us.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Well, thank you, Ashish. So let me give you a couple of responses to that. So first, I have to say, generative AI is something that is certainly relatively new and so there is a developing aspect to this technology and its application. And so there will be dimensions of this that we're still in the process of piloting and testing. But let me refer you back to the comments that I made around Discovery Navigator and what we are doing in the casualty space where we are already utilizing AI, including some generative AI elements in that solution. And so generative AI is a component kind of similar to traditional AI or machine learning that is a tool to help our clients gather data, consolidate and interpret and then utilize data. So as it relates to Discovery Navigator, there are some generative AI elements that are included in that, that we are in the process of monitoring by demonstrating the substantial ROIs by improving the speed with which they can gather that data from a workers' comp claim through all of those medical records. So that's in flight we have other dimensions of that in certain businesses. The second example I would give is in utilizing generative AI from a coding perspective to improve efficiency is something that we have been exploring and testing and we think there are internal efficiencies for us in adapting some of that technology. And then, finally, what is on the horizon that I referenced in speaking to our client engagement and their enthusiasm for us to developing a product is something that would be a co-pilot in an underwriting context that utilizes our data sets, our experience in supporting from an actuarial standpoint from a rating standpoint, the underwriting process that is specifically targeted to a line of business. And that is something that is on more of the front end that we are testing and developing. In the first instance, that's something that we are monetizing with Discovery Navigator in the second instance, that's something that we hope to begin to deploy so that we can achieve efficiency in our overall coding. And in the third instance that's going to be something that hopefully we develop a product. There's been a strong appetite and interest from our clients. And so if we can deliver something that would be something we would hope to begin to monetize in the 2024/2025 timeframe based upon what our product development is. So a range of that, but it's a component of and an additional tool to a lot of the data and analytics work that we do.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks very much, Manav. On the guidance, we're very proud of our results year-to-date. We've given full-year guidance in order to bring additional transparency and for folks to see how the business is going. We did update that mid-year after seeing significant shifts in the environment. But our full-year guidance does imply revenue growth of approximately 8% to 9% on a reported basis that's above our long-term targets. As we look at the fourth quarter, no specific comments on the fourth quarter other than what I highlighted, which is to remind that the growth comparisons do get tougher in the fourth quarter due to the storm revenue and the tax benefit there.
Elizabeth Mann: Well, let me thanks -- thanks for the question, Greg. Let me take a crack at that. I think it's a little bit hard to draw that conclusion. The transactional revenue is a combination of a couple of different areas. We've highlighted the main ones that contributed to the growth. The auto underwriting, the shopping activity has driven that, the property estimating solutions has a transactional component related to weather activity and then life on the incremental services. So I'm not sure I would point it directly to an inverse correlation to the underwriting environment.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks, Jeff, for the question. Obviously, we're looking at it. It's still early in the cycle, and I'm not in a position to quote any numbers or any thoughts on 2024. The data on 2022, while it's still being finalized, it does show net written premium growth still in an elevated level around the eight -- slightly north of 8% that has tapered from the 2021 growth, but still relatively high on a historical basis. I think Lee pointed to both that environment, but also the fact that it is a function of the challenges and the desire to move towards profitability that our carriers, our customers are seeing. And so we are balancing those two things as we go into the rate -- the pricing cycle for next year.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. That comment about the high end was specific and confined to revenues and did not apply to the other line items. And I'm not here to comment on the fourth quarter in specific, other than the points I made about the year-over-year comps.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Andrew. The biggest component of the transaction revenue that has some seasonality to it, there's two that come to mind. One is the weather, the weather-related seasonality in property estimating solutions that on a long-term historical basis tends to occasionally get a boost in the third quarter as a function of Atlantic hurricanes last year in 2022 that happened to hit in October and fell in the fourth quarter. The other element that you saw last quarter, the securitization market can sometimes that hits in the second quarter primarily. That's a relatively small part in our business. The other elements of transactional revenue don't necessarily have a seasonal pattern to them, the life insurance services, the auto, underwriting product is more a function of their own markets.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes, Heather, thanks for the question. Our expense program, as we highlighted in the past, I think we said sort of over 90% of the benefit is experienced in 2023. So I think of those original set of actions, we think they've largely been action that are expressing themselves in the margin expansion that you're seeing today. There is continued focus on cost efficiency at Verisk. And so we're looking in the future for opportunities based on our global talent outsourcing program and based well on investments in internal efficiency that will play out over time like the ERP program that we've talked about.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Hey Russell, glad you're able to join us. Sorry, we don't provide specific disclosure on the extreme events business and certainly not quarterly. So sorry I can't comment on that.
