Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. We're not breaking out those two parts of the business, Tim. But I will say that the subscription revenue growth has held up very nicely, and the full year view and the quarterly view are both good and strong.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So let me take the first part of that, Tim. So the comment that Mark made earlier was that the business is tracking with our expectations, meaning, our portfolio forecast for the business, and so that was his comment. With respect to the business, the environment is relatively unchanged. The dynamic with the customers is relatively unchanged. As you know, there's seasonality in this business, and it's also the case that this business has more transaction volume than the rest of Verisk. And so you find the timing can play a role in what happens. And that's fundamentally where we sit at the moment. So, Mark, you actually commented on healthcare EBITDA margins a moment ago. So maybe you want to come back around.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So the healthcare analytics business in the third quarter was 27.6%. Historically, because of some additional volumes that we've seen for what we refer to as the Medicare side of things, it has been a little bit bigger, maybe margined a little bit better in the second half. Year-to-date, we're at 24.1%. I will tell you, though, there is a little bit of noise in there because of the transition of accounting from what we refer to as gross versus net. But hopefully those couple of factors will help you out.
Scott G. Stephenson: Definitely not just invoicing. This is the time of year where we actually set the pricing for the kind of the industry standard program, rules, forms, lost cost, the part of it that relates heavily to just the overall regulation and structure of the insurance industry. But we are working very hard to expand that suite of solutions, bringing new solutions to the market and growing newer forms of putting the content and the analysis out there. So predictive models are growing very nicely. Electronic Rating Content is growing very nicely. We're searching for all opportunities to expand the business to international customers, and we've made headway on that front as well. So it's broadly based, and we're very optimistic about the future profile for this business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Thank you for the question. And that is something that we've spent a lot of time on, and we feel very good about these three core verticals. And I think what you can expect from us is that we will continue to grow and expand inside of them. Our thesis is, and I referenced this in my comments up front, that there are things that make Verisk, Verisk; those four distinctives. One of the things that I just feel so strongly about is Wood Mackenzie is absolutely aligned with those four distinctives. And we'll do a better job of both feeding off of core competencies that we have at Verisk, but also feeding them. And so, for example, Wood Mackenzie is a business that definitely will benefit from our strong and growing expertise in multitier, multispectral imaging in a way that actually the healthcare business wouldn't. Another comment along the same lines is that the global energy business is inherently global, whereas healthcare will always remain a domestic business. And so we think very hard about who is it that we want to be. And I think that the right way to frame us is the verticals, the distinctives and the core competencies that I laid out for you. And we feel that the three verticals that you focused on are very, very nice steps with that, with all of that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. So in order. On WoodMac, the thing that I would call out for you is just that there are different profiles to how the energy market works basically, and we had said for some time that we thought that 2016 could represent some softness, and the question was what might be the timing. And we just found that the timing has been pulled forward a little bit, probably related to things that are going on with our customers as they make decisions about spending in light of the current environment. And it's really that simple. On healthcare, we've been asking – well, we're always asking the question about the deployment of capital across everything that we do. So even a year ago, we were thinking critically about what are the highest and best uses of our capital and how does healthcare fit into that picture? Since that time, what has happened? Well, there has been a public offering of a company that is very analogous to ours. There has been the activity in the healthcare M&A market generally. And we just take account of all of that basically, and with deliberation at a moment in time, we've drawn a conclusion about an exploration.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So we're going to talk in more depth about WoodMac at our December Investor Day, and I would encourage everybody to come and be with us. But what I would point you to, as Mark put out there, our view for full year 2015 and that's what we've said about it so far.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. We've been in a long and deliberate discussion with our board. And the process has accounted for a lot of different things, a lot of different considerations and driven by our own considerations, definitely not by the press. Not at all. It's just in our own timing, we decided that we were comfortable making the statement that we made last night. But it was entirely our own thinking and developed, again, over a very – we've been talking with our board about this for some time.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. I'll start, and, Mark, you might want to jump in as well. So we have commented on the difference between the hardcore data analytic business and then the services, and it's definitely being felt on the services side. The hardcore data analytic, which is subscription-based, has performed very nicely in this environment. With respect to within the customer base, there is some segments that are doing very nicely, actually. But it is among the companies in the industry, the oil companies themselves, and I would point particularly to NOCs and also the focused E&P players. That's where it's been felt most strongly.
Scott G. Stephenson: And, sorry. I just wanted to correct something I said. I didn't mean to say the NOCs. I meant to say the integrated global oil companies. National oil companies have actually been pretty strong in the current environment.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think we've just tried to highlight that we did expect a deceleration in the second half of the year from a growth perspective. We are continuing to track internally. We think it's a very good business, very big market, and we have confidence in that team.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, you can expect from us the same approach that we've always taken, which is when we put out a leverage target, we're going to meet that leverage target. And then we continue to lean into the M&A agenda. That's our first best use for available funds. And we've always felt very good about the share buyback program, and you will continue to see that featured in our capital deployment as well.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Yeah. So the overall profile for Argus, when you account for all the different ways that this business can grow, it can grow internationally. It can grow by new customer acquisition for the existing solution. It can grow by more applied analytics for individual customers. It can grow by the expansion of the media effectiveness business. All of those things are at work. All of those things are powering the performance of Argus. I expect Argus in 2016 and beyond to be the same Argus that you've known and that we've known. It is a very innovative team that is working on top of a very proprietary set of intellectual property assets and doing a great job with them. And so the outlook is completely unchanged. And there is this somewhat lumpier quality that will be there from time-to-time when the very large, particularly, I would say, new media players get interested, their entry tends to have a pretty substantial effect and then it sort of normalizes as you go forward. So there probably will be lumps going forward, but the overall profile of the business is going to look very much like it has.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So you're going to see the deployment of capital having a couple of characteristics going forward. One is it will be spread across everything we do at Verisk. So it's not going to be concentrated in any one part of the business. And the other thing that you'll see is that we are going to try to deploy the capital disproportionately in non-U.S. markets in order to support the expansion of everything that we do globally.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So our interest level remains very high. And our goal is to have a number of use cases. Some of the most important use cases in the nearer term relates to the insurance industry. And we've already actually seen our ability to create material revenue streams in what we're doing. But to my way of thinking, we're still kind of right at the beginning, basically. Our methods are very good. Our methods will be expanding because, as you know, sort of the heart of the paradigm today is to make use of an image coming from the belly of a plane 2,000 feet or 3,000 feet above the ground. When we say multitier, multispectral imaging, we're talking about using an image from a satellite, which is 30 miles to 50 miles up a plane, an unmanned aerial vehicle. And something else which is going to be occurring going forward will be the use of handheld devices to also provide imagery. We're not very far away from the day when all of us may use our handheld device to image the interior of the places where we live. And that information also can potentially be used in the insurance process. And then there are a lot of other use cases: the solar industry; municipalities; and on and on. So I think we're just at the beginning of this march. We have made efforts, and we continue to make efforts to step up the availability of relatively precise aerial imagery today because that relates to today's use case. I think what you're going to find from us is that with time, the relative importance of the other forms of imagery will go up, and so the mix will probably modify as we go forward. With respect to the cost of sourcing aerial imagery today, we are sourcing more images and it will be there in the cost structure. But I don't think it's going to be a huge factor, partly because we found new and different ways to sort of contract for the sourcing of the images. So it'll all remain relatively dynamic, but the category remains very, very interesting to us.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. You know, I'm not really going to comment on the competitors except to say that we observe in what we're doing the relationship that we have with our customers. And what we see is that the content that we provide is a must-have, and the depth and quality of the customer relationships remains unchanged. The renewal rates are enormously high. They're actually higher than found in several other parts of Verisk. And so we're very, very pleased with where the business is in terms of making a difference for customers and the content being meaningful. And as you know, the revenues at WoodMac are weighted heavily towards the recurring subscription-based data analytic, and that continues to do very well. In this moment, I would think particularly our industry customers, our oil and gas industry customers, are attempting to respond to an unusual set of circumstances. They've decided, in this moment as they've right-sized their own teams, as they have modified their capital expenditures, they've also taken hard look at that which is discretionary. And the kind of services that we provide, which is the minority of what we do, those have been under pressure at this time. But I think the true measure of the business is the underlying recurrent subscription business and that's held up, I think, very nicely actually.
Scott G. Stephenson: We've never provided bookings commentary on any of our businesses. Mark already put out there our expectation for WoodMac for the full year of 2015. So I do think we spoke to that. And in light of our comments about our strategic review, we've sort of said what we're going to say about healthcare.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, thank you very much, everybody, for joining us. We look forward to catching up with you at Investor Day in December. Hope all of you will be there with us. We're going to feature a lot of discussion and commentary about Wood Mackenzie particularly, so hopefully you'll find that very helpful and interesting. And otherwise, thanks and enjoy your day.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So just to clarify, the third quarter healthcare margins were 27.6%. So hopefully, you have that in your math and I just will reiterate strong business, competitive nature, has not changed, I think, we are still currently well-positioned into a very nice, big market.
Mark V. Anquillare: I will just highlight, I think, something Scott said earlier. I think the silver lining, the good news in there, besides the subscription rates being extremely high, the renewals of those. We've seen a lot more usage. This is about what the analytics and the actual people looking at the content of about 25%. So you can clearly see the value of the solutions they provide despite what is an interesting time in the market.
Mark V. Anquillare: Your math is good. I got $47.9 million, but I'm sure we're probably just rounding. I would tell you that we continue to see a strength in the margins. I think you saw that in third quarter. There's operating leverage throughout. We do have beginning of some of the hiring that we had identified earlier on with that realignment inside of risk assessment. So some of those costs will come back into fourth quarter. I want to mention that. And I think the natural ebbs and flows of expenses as it relates to fourth quarter should feel generally like the third.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah. Let me take that. There was some reduction in the margins for the third quarter relative to last year when you do do that math. I would highlight that overall, margins are extremely strong. I think the Decision Analytics margin is based upon kind of the overall way the business is set up should, into the future, continue to grow. But obviously, a consistency to fourth quarter as you saw third quarter, that's probably a good parallel.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, I mean, there's a few things that we did highlight up front. If you were to think about the Touchstone investments, some of the work that we're doing to kind of integrate platforms and bring Touchstone together, that is one item. The other thing is some OpEx and CapEx as we bring on new initiatives like the Telematics data exchange. There's cost in there that we need to incur now and revenue is following. So these are long-term investments that will prove fruitful for both our top line and bottom line in the future. But there's some cost to be undertaken.
Mark V. Anquillare: And this is Mark. So just trying to, and sorry to do this, but even to Sara's earlier question, some of the margins that you were referring to on last question, we have put some resources into international business development and, also, to localize our solution, so that we can attract and attack various international markets. So let me add that to be as the third bullet to some of the cost we incurred. Sorry for that, Scott.
Mark V. Anquillare: So this is Mark. We do believe that the rate, the effective rate, in the UK should come down by potentially a point come 2016. So that would add to the, from a balance or weighting perspective, that should add to some good news in 2016. And I think we'll try to provide you a little bit guidance as we get closer to 2016 with what our expectations are. So a little bit down, but still we're pretty much a U.S. taxpayer with a lot of footprint in New York, New Jersey, California and Massachusetts. So the U.S. operations kind of come with high state tax rates.
Mark V. Anquillare: So I think what we're referring to there is with a customer beginning, like, first quarter of this year, we went from basically a gross accounting for certain services to net accounting. So we did not want to, for the most part, continue to provide the service. We went to a third party. So we transitioned because of the contract, because of the nature of the contract. The bottom line, let me say, did not change. The EBITDA did not change. I think this is just the notion of how we account for it, gross versus net, from a revenue perspective. Same contracts, same revenues, same pricing, it was just simply the nature of the relationship caused a change in the accounting methodology.
Mark V. Anquillare: Hang on. Give me a second here. Maybe David can follow-up with you, but I do believe that it was probably about $10 million to $11 million, but we'll get back to you.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So what we've put in place is really this wonderful consortium model that will ramp up for those people who choose or opt in. What we do expect to do is monetize this by providing this very useful N+1 type data to our insurer customers in, really, two forms. We'll play the part of if you need the data like we would serve that up to them. But what we also do have the opportunity to do is provide a lot of analytics around that. So as you know, we have some very interesting Telematics scoring models, whether it's about the behavior of the driver or about the location in which that drive happens from point A to point B. All of that factors into the underwriting and pricing of the risk, meaning the pricing of the policy. So we have an opportunity to provide those analytics along with the data to our customers. And I think we have a very unique position to aggregate a lot of industry data in a very unique way. So I feel pretty excited about the opportunity here and the relationship to bring basically all of these OEMs together with the insurance industry and be the hub of that consortium.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think we highlighted this even at the last quarter call. If you actually look at the number of customers that WoodMac has in that 800 to 900 range, that's a very small number relative to the number of people who could potentially benefit from the content. So moving downstream, not in an upstream/downstream perspective, but kind of to the smaller customers has been a constant push that we're on. It comes in the form of some new sales reps to attack that, but as well, the Internet or e-commerce approach to providing a smaller package of solutions that people can access through the Web is another approach to doing that. So we remain optimistic about ways we can get downstream to maybe provide opportunities to a bigger set of customers.
Anjaneya K. Singh: I was wondering if you could discuss the dynamics behind why there was such a latent impact on the services businesses for WoodMac in light of where the oil prices have been and some of your competitors dealing with this pressure for a few quarters now.
Anjaneya K. Singh: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And one other one on WoodMac. You recently announced an e-commerce service for WoodMac.
Anjaneya K. Singh: Curious to see how much of this decision here was something that you're being proactive on, or is it more about pull-type of function from clients interested in one-off or à la carte types of products and services. Thanks.
