Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So retention of customers remain strong and even in the first month-and-a-half of 2016 we're seeing strong year-over-year growth in terms of numbers of research subscriptions clients. We are seeing a increase in use of the portal, customer engagement is up 6% already in the year. So these are the kinds of things which basically relate to where we stand with our customers and is the source of our expectations for the year.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we're not really breaking that out, as you know, Sara, but I mean, our plan is for the whole business to perform.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. We think there are additional channels for getting WoodMac content to market and we actually think that the number of customers that WoodMac will have in the years to come will be substantially greater than it is today and part of that is in fact the new channels. And we're very early in the journey on that particular front but I would definitely expect additional channel partnerships as a way of supplementing growth at WoodMac.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we're never going to be folks to predict the price of oil. The thing that is our real bedrock on this business is the depth of relationship that WoodMac has with its customers. We actually performed in the fourth quarter or we completed in the fourth quarter of 2015 our Net Promoter Score assessment across all of Verisk and WoodMac came in with the second highest Net Promoter Scores across all of Verisk. Their customers love them. I was with the deputy chair of one of the name brand global energy companies a couple of weeks ago and they just – they love WoodMac and they find the content and the analysis absolutely indispensable and that's really the foundation of the business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Looking at you, Mark, I mean, it's kind of broad based. It's across almost everything that we do actually. Underwriting was strong in 2015, will be strong in 2016. I wouldn't really differentiate greatly among the different parts of what it is we do.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, maybe your second question first. So from the very beginning we had all options on the table taking a very thorough look at the business and how to maximize value for our shareholders and the standing of the business and so nothing changed. There is nothing changed in that regard. When we look at the growth of the business, part of it is we actually are having success in generating new revenue streams. I think you know that there was a lot of what we did on the revenue side that was related to Medicare Advantage. We started to do more work on the commercial side and that's a nice supplement to what we've traditionally done in the business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I think we've been – I think we've – for some time now been trying to make it clear that there are large name brand companies that sort of get interested in the methods and when they come in, they come in a fairly big way. There have actually been several of those in the course of 2015 and into 2016 that will be a part of the growth overall. So there will continue to be sort of these breakout kinds of moments. But as we've said, the project then ripens (23:38) into a sustainable subscription and that's fully what we expect.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we're always thinking about where do we sit and where do we want to go with respect to our customers. And I will say that having a sense, a good sense of where the price of the commodity is going as a part of a lot of the modeling that is already built into what it is that WoodMac does today. So at a general level I would say that understanding the entire supply and demand picture is a useful thing to do. Now we already – I mean, if you subscribe to WoodMac product, you know that there are views of forward prices as well as the supply side volume as well as dollar value. So that will all continue to be a part of what we do and our thought process is entirely around what is it that we can do to bring more value to our customers and when we put A and B together do we unlock even more value for our customers? So we're constantly thinking about everything that we can do to increase value so I'm not going to comment on that specific situation but just generally we're very active in thinking about where we are and where we ought to be.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Well, so first of all our business, there are I would say small overlaps with Truven. In fact there are bilateral commercial agreements between us and Truven. But in general, their business is by degrees different than our business. So I wouldn't really use it as a particularly meaningful marker and we're very focused on how to – the business that we've got, what are the future opportunities, how can they be maximized and how do we maximize shareholder value for our shareholders? So yes, of course we've referenced things that are going on like that transaction but in reality I think that our situation is relatively custom. To the point about data, the basic point I would make to you is that obviously data is very important in the data analytic kind of work that we do and others do and everyone – all of the third-party vendors do but the distinction that we're trying to draw is when you look at the vast majority of the data that we've got inside of the insurance vertical, the financial services, retail banking vertical, and the oil and gas, metals and mining vertical, a lot of what we've got is very, very unique. The nature of regulation and industry structure in the healthcare world in the United States makes it relatively harder to have distinct data assets. That's the point that we've trying to stress. So it's not that we don't have data. We actually have a lot of data. But we very much want Verisk to be a highly distinctive, very differentiated partner to our customers. And one of the things that provides distinction is unique data assets. And they're just harder to achieve in the healthcare space.
Scott G. Stephenson: I'll just add, I am very excited by the quality of the people we're attracting into the business. These are world-class people, global perspective. They are definitely going to help raise our analytic sights and just the quality and depth of what it is we do. It's very, very encouraging to people that we can attract to Verisk.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So we, I think we have shared with you in the past that sort of the mix of revenue sources in that part of the business has changed, where it used to be that most every customer was being priced according to a two-year look back on premiums. But we're now at a point where more than 50% of what we do in RA is on multi-year agreements, not related at all to what was happening in the premiums two years prior. And then with respect to the rest of our customer base, where we still do reference premiums from two years before, just want to remind you that there are three terms in the pricing algorithm and premium is only one of the three. And we have complete freedom with respect to the other two, which is mill rate and the flat fees. And so the actual, literal effect of what is going on in the premium environment is actually very muted at this point. And it's really value-based pricing. It's the work that we do every year to try enhance and bring current what it is that we're providing to our customers. Our customers understand the value of that kind of work and it's really on that basis that we set the prices.
Scott G. Stephenson: We haven't really put out the absolute size of those but I would just encourage you to think of both of those as modest tuck-ins.
Scott G. Stephenson: Actually, some of the fundamentals in the business are actually quite exciting. And one that I would point is the success that we're having in getting consortia of banks in end markets other than the United States to come into our method, and it's really very exciting because when that happens then we're essentially platformed in the market and now we can do – now we can bring the whole range of solutions that we've got. So we have several very exciting developments right now along those lines. But with respect to the macro environment, I mean, we've referenced it. I would encourage you to just understand. It's not really material as it relates to the prospects for the business going forward. No, it's kind of steady as she goes.
Scott G. Stephenson: So in reverse order, we can start serving insurance companies even without additional OEMs in the partnership. One of the things you have to reference by the way is how advanced or not each OEM is with respect to the connected car movement. So some had gotten on with it more. Others less, GM has actually been a leader. That's one of the reasons why we were so excited about striking the partnership with them. But no, we can and will and are selling the data and the analytics into the insurance vertical beginning with the rollout of the platform. And as we add additional OEMs, the value just simply goes up, but we don't have to wait for that. And as you'd imagine, the team is out and having a lot of conversations with a lot of OEMs domestically and globally to promote the method. So this is a very – this is something we talk about very frequently inside of the management team, and we have great hopes for this and a lot of focus on this.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So you may have noticed last year that we actually put out a press release that we were sourcing images again. And that's on our – based on our own efforts, but we're also working with others to source imagery. What makes it really special is the analysis that converts it into solutions that can be used by insurance companies and players and other industry verticals. And we are very, very happy with our methods, and we expect to see increasing commercial results in 2016 for what it is that we're doing. So yeah, it's an abiding part of what we're doing.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest, and we are looking forward to being together with you again in about a quarter's time. And we certainly will have interesting updates for you at that point. So thanks very much, and enjoy your day.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah. Good question. This is Mark, Sara. So first of all, let's start with 2015. We had some one-time items: the hedge gain, WoodMac transactions, the EVT, the warrant gains. So we'll pull that out and we remain positive and constructive with regard to margins in 2016. I do want to highlight two things that we tried to do. One, specifically, the talent realignment you mentioned. We would and we do expect people to be hired back to former levels. That's probably about 50 people, just to kind of give you a flavor of things, like around (18:31). And the other thing we did try to call out is that the project revenue of Argus in first quarter of 2015 was about $11 million. It had very high margins. So you have to just factor those two things in and hopefully that gives you some color on where we stand.
Mark V. Anquillare: I mentioned we've typically talked (sic) [not talked] about bookings. What I can tell you is that from a retention perspective, what we've seen in the end of the year and into even January/February is we've had retention rates that are consistent with – consistently high with what we saw for full year 2014 and 2015. So we're comfortable, actually a kind of very good part of the WoodMac business is that retention with the customers. We also mentioned kind of broadly that the bookings have been up so that's the good news. I'm not sure we're not going to give color dating back to prior to ownership. I'm not sure we have that detail with us. Sorry.
Mark V. Anquillare: So the short answer is that, I think we've talked about this in quite a bit of detail, but the MRA business, and the medical side of it in CMS, runs the SWEEPS from July to January, February. Typically what happens is the commercial side of this nicely fits in with – more in the first half of the year. But we're not going to talk as much about the details of Verisk Health given the strategic alternative process we're engaged in.
Mark V. Anquillare: So I think the reality is the contract renewals, given the nature of the customers and the pain our customers are feeling, is kind of one that is a little bit more challenging. We've tried to bundle solutions. We've tried to do things that kind of provide value to them and also provide us upside to the extent that the CapEx spend and profitability returns to our customers as they use more solutions that will give us some upside. I think the combination of some of the work that we're doing to make the business; I'll call it a little bit more industrial – strength around IT and also to invest in the sales pipeline that gives us an extension to more people to sell it to. But we've been investing from a sales perspective more, and we've also from a technology perspective so we can, for the most part, take some of the solutions and maybe smaller swaps and maybe more confined view, a little bit more downstream in the sense of smaller customers. And that will hopefully help us in the top line. So those investments probably have taken margins down a little bit and we would expect that in 2016 as well.
Mark V. Anquillare: So let me try to take your questions, I'm not sure I'm going to do them in sequence but let me give it my best shot. First of all, the way the relationship with Reuters would be is it would be a kind of a subscription and access to a limited scope amount of information. If you wanted more you can buy different modules and different pieces. We've tried to take the data and cut some very big products into maybe smaller subsets, and provide it in a way that more people would be interested in it. Different groups of people, different customer sets. So once again, the nature of the information businesses that we have, we would expect one, to be subscription; two, not a lot of incremental cost once you sell that implementation service, not a lot of incremental cost there. So I think we feel pretty good about the margins.
Mark V. Anquillare: So like-for-like is a negative 1%. So we said that it was in the quarter negative 1%, comparable basis and that was in pounds. And we said 5% full year. And that excludes the acquisitions.
Mark V. Anquillare: Bill, I think we're not going to give specific guidance. I think we've said it's going to grow next year, I think we feel good about the business. You've heard that. So I'm not sure I can directly answer your question without giving you a specific point target for WoodMac, which I'm not going to give here today.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, let me remind you of the goal of the talent realignment. We did try to take what would be our more traditional ISO solutions business inside of Risk Assessment and focus this on kind of a shared services model, trying to take groups and become more efficient and more effective. And I congratulate the team on the work that was done there. We then took those resources and we said we were going to kind of invest in new products and in new segments. And our hope is that, yeah, that type of investment would lead us towards kind of sustainable growth in the future. And it's probably a little bit of a longer-term march than a short-term march but we're optimistic like we described earlier in those initiatives. With regard to timing, I think we've seen quite a few people hired in the latter part of 2015 and into the first quarter here of 2016. So although, I think you're right, it will kind of extend throughout the year, I think there's a little bit more of a push or an emphasis here in the first half.
Mark V. Anquillare: So what we did was we took a best guess back at the time. And remember, the world of purchase accounting and developing how much amortization runs through your books is something that won't be finalized until mid-2016. We gave you our best guess, we have a more refined estimate as to how much amortization is coming through and the amount as it relates to WoodMac is down a little bit from those original estimates, meaning that the U.K. rate is a little less pronounced or weighted in the calculation.
Mark V. Anquillare: All right. What I tried to say was that I would caveat that positive just with the two adjustments I described. One, I mentioned the talent realignment. I kind of pointed to about 50 people, which would be some expense in Risk Assessment. We've talked about that over time. And the other thing I was just trying to call out was in first quarter of 2015, Argus had that revenue that was very high margins. It was about $11 million of project work. So I was trying to call out those two items in the context of what is a fundamentally sound and positive margin picture going forward.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah. I'm not sure we've provided that in the past. It's not – it's notable as first quarter. I don't think we've given that out in the past. I'm sorry.
Mark V. Anquillare: I would tell you that Argus is a wonderful business. I mean I just always like to mention that again. It has an incredible data asset that kind of creates a real barrier there and what the team there has been able to do is two things. One, provide great service and new products to those customers. And then we have the project revenue that is a little bit more related to the marketing and advertising effectiveness. We're trying to transition that to more subscription and I think we're being successful. So what we try to call out from an outlook perspective is that we continue to see very strong double digit growth and that is a growth even with or even kind of assuming the growth where that's going to happen in first quarter. So I felt we were trying to pretty transparent on that and hopefully that just clarifies the comments we made earlier.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah. I'm going to say it again. I said that it's going to grow, and I think we've been trying to be a little bit more transparent with regards to an outlook. I think that's as far as we're going to go at this point, and I hope you can respect that.
