Scott Stephenson: Yes. Scott here. Thanks for the question. Two things. One is, if you were to look at the pricing algorithms that apply into solutions that we provide to the insurance industry, the way that we price our solutions is related to the value of the solutions that we're getting to our customers. So it's not the case that in our -- to the pricing algorithm is a term, which is significant, and that relates to the amount of premium that our customers are putting through their own books of business. Our solutions are priced according to the amount of profitability and growth that they generate for our customers. And every CEO that I speak to in the insurance industry, every one of them to a person considers their business -- to grow the business. And so they are leaning into new methods as a way of trying to grow their businesses. And we expect that to persist. And it's always been the case actually that in our Insurance business, we have grown considerably faster than the underlying product marketplace. And actually, that's true to the energy vertical as well. And why? Because our customers are trying to make increasing use of data analytics solutions. So we're not really yoked to the net written premium volumes in the insurance industry.
Scott Stephenson: Well, as I said before, the nature of our business is that because we're providing a unique kind of value to our customers, very consistently, our experience has been that we grow at a rate greater than the rate of growth in the verticals that we're serving. And I don't see any change in that. When you describe it that way, kind of stable normal environments are, all else equal, supportive. And you would have to expect over long periods of time, if you look at the marketplaces that we serve, they're very important elements of the economy. So a thesis, which is -- they will remain important is a pretty sound one. And then actually, the demography of the customer set inside of these verticals, they don't really change all that rapidly. Of course, we're always paying attention to that, but they don't tend to -- so you've got that as the background. But there is no question that there is a huge dependence upon execution. The whole innovation agenda has to be done well. We have to dig in with our customers as development partners to make sure that we hit what's needed, that we get it to market faster. All of those things have a lot to do with returns on any given innovation investment that we've made. So that's very important. And another thing, which -- I don't know, I suppose if you watch us really carefully over a long period of time, this would be evident, but I just want to highlight that there is a great deal of dynamic inside of what we're doing in terms of looking at the solution families and the solution sets that we've got and deciding where are they and where are they headed.  And we have a very long track record. I'll just -- I'll pick the insurance vertical since it's the largest one for us. Investing more inside of things that are showing a lot of promise, but retiring in some cases, selling off solution sets that we have as well. And so it can all look -- it's kind of like the duck on top of the lake. It looks very steady, but underneath, there's various paddling going on. And we get down to the level of individual solutions. Again, just using insurance as an example, through the years, we've retired a number of things that we were doing. We invented a whole lot of things. All of that is inside of getting to this long-term view of growth potential.
Scott Stephenson: And just to add to what you were saying there, Lee, and not trying to sort of specify sort of a particular level of margin impact. I do think of this transition as being an event at a moment in time. And it does have some discrete elements associated with them. Just to call out a few of them, there will come a moment where we're no longer computing on mainframe. We're not fully at that point yet, but there -- I mean, we will have an event where we'll get out the sledgehammers and literally break up the cores inside the mainframe. And that -- we're already reducing the load on the mainframe, and we can find some ways to benefit from that. We run power data centers, 2 of them, in the United States. We will close them at some point. There are fixed costs associated with data centers. And so that will be an event, and we'll call out those events for you when we get to those. And then something else, which I think is really extremely important, is that you used to buy compute capacity in relatively large chunks. And then as we move more towards the server environment, the chunks got smaller, but you're still buying chunks. In a world like that, anybody who's writing an algorithm, anybody who is demanding compute power, for them, you've already bought the capacity within limits. And so incrementally, it doesn't cost you anything. And in a world like that, you can actually be a little bit -- I don't want to use the word sloppy, but you can essentially use more compute capacity in how you want to get to the answer you're trying to get to.  And maybe you don't have to cash that analysis you just did quite as much or you don't have to summarize at the column and row level once, and then work through those derivatives, et cetera. My point here being that there should be an interaction between how you analyze for -- how you compute in the context of analysis and the way that you consume computing capacity. And in a variabalized world, you have to pay more attention to that than you used to. And so our development and analytics are responding and need to respond to that. But on the other side of the transition you actually think differently about literally what do you encode that you did before so that you can be efficient in your use of compute capacity.  So what I'm saying is there's a multiyear thing here. But on the other side, it is actually very different than where you were into this transition. You don't run physical facilities. You don't run really large hardware and you think very differently about how you structure analysis. And that will just be a more -- that's a better world for a company like ours.
Scott Stephenson: Yes, sort of in reverse order on your question, yes, there is partnership opportunities. It would probably be of interest to you. If I took a list of the top 50 InsurTech companies, the number of them that we're in communication with today. When I say InsurTech companies, I don't mean new form insurance companies, I mean providers of solutions. And the number of those companies that we're in conversation with -- many of those conversations, they are coming and looking for us. So we start out aware of the fact that, in this world, you can start out with some programming capability and try to create something where you're hosting it. And it's mostly about digital workflows, et cetera. We see this all the time. And so we do pay attention to it. I would just say also that there are a lot of reasons why our customers lean into a relationship with us. Some of it has to do with the breadth of our family of solutions. Some of it has to do with our proven track record. Some of it has to do with reliability. And customers really care about that when you're talking about an enterprise-level application. There are a lot of reasons. And we're powered by really, really strong content assets. And a lot of the fill-in-the-blank tech start-ups, they don't start with content. So we never walk around feeling overly confident. We're very aware of these developments, but we do feel as if we start out in a very strong place in this discussion. And we like talking to these fill-in-the-blank techs and they like talking to us. So if there's some place where 1 plus 1 can be greater than two, we're very alert to that.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. Thank you, Alex. I appreciate the question. So I would say that we are -- when we look at our COVID-sensitive revenues across the business as a whole, we're looking at it business-by-business. And so we are seeing some recovery, stronger recovery in certain areas, for instance, on the property side. We've seen in the insurance front probably the strongest recovery. Some recovery in driving, although driving is -- would not be what we would describe as fully recovered at this point. In Energy and Specialized Markets, we are seeing a strong rebound in consulting revenues, so that is demonstrating relatively robust recovery. We're also seeing some strengthening in our new subscriptions, which will flow in over time, I think, reflecting some of the improved pricing dynamics. Whereas in DFS, there is an element, which I refer to our spend-informed analytics, which because of advertising and marketing, we have seen an uplift. And that's performing better than we expected, but the bankruptcy element of our business is still experiencing the challenges of all of the government support out there in the environment. And so that's yet to recover. It becomes very difficult to kind of quantify how far -- how much of a recovery. I would say it's certainly a partial recovery, not a full recovery, but the trends that we see, we expect to see continuing improvement in that recovery for the business. And it's probably worth noting in our insurance -- in the Insurance and in the Energy and Specialized Markets business, our COVID-sensitive revenues were up 20% year-over-year. Financial Services are still seeing a year-over-year decline, even though we've seen an improvement in spend-informed analytics and a deterioration -- or not a deterioration, but kind of the same level of declines on the bankruptcy side. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of texture across the business for some of the trends that we're seeing.  I would also note, naturally, it should come as no surprise, that our travel business internationally is still suffering significantly from very low international travel. And so that's an important component.
Scott Stephenson: Sure, Alex. Thanks for asking that question as a follow-up in that regard. So I think it is a good distinction to make that the consulting element is where we are seeing that recovery on the COVID-sensitive side and focusing on the subscription side of the business, and I kind of want to build on my earlier comments. The impact of Lens, which has been very positively received by a lot of our clients, has been generating significant contract renewals with price increases in the mid- to high single digits. Now there are 2 elements to that in terms of its ongoing impact. One is going to be the rolling impact of that as subscriptions become -- come up for renewal. And the second element of that is that then, again, that subscription is something that will phase in over time given the nature of that. But the important point from my perspective is that we are seeing a very positive uptake. Clients are working with Lens. We've gotten several operational assessments. They've been very positive. And we've been able to achieve those price increases. So that will be based upon our feedback so far, a slow rolling but an improvement to the growth in that business, even before we also begin to utilize that platform to expand that customer set and the applications. We also are still experiencing some impact from the last cycles, loss of 1 client in the energy space and some consolidation in the upstream area that is having a near-term impact on the research component. So that's another element that's factoring into it. But I think the distinction that you made is relevant. Hopefully, that differentiates that near-term consulting boost against what we see as constructive longer-term trends from Lens, and the pricing experience that we've had and how that should flow through over time within the business.
Scott Stephenson: No, there's not revenue loss by them going to a platform provided by another third party. So just to expand on that answer just a hair, so if you look at sort of over -- I'd say, over the course of the decade, you go back a decade ago, it was either -- basically, what we were doing was going to market either through our own platforms or our solutions were operating more as point solutions and most of the integration was occurring customer by customer. They were doing their own integration. So now that's where it's where we are today and where we're headed into the future. We are more platforms than we were, significantly more platform than we were. And that is constructive inside of the growth of our business now and into the future. And if you actually look at the pattern of investment, what are we spending money on, a great deal of it and a lot more than it used to be, is on developing software, which you should hear us building our own platforms. But when we strike a relationship with a third party that is itself, providing a platform. It's -- we're analyzing that in the context of, well, okay, we could go direct the customer through the integration themselves. But basically, that third-party platform that isn't ours is substituting for the customer's own integration efforts, but not in a way that it impacts the underlying value of what it is that we provide, which is being integrated and over there. So the whole movement towards platforms is customer-friendly and it's constructive for Verisk because we, ourselves, are doing a lot more of that than we used to.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you, Manav. And we -- it's a fair point. We understand the frustration in -- with regard to growth. I think it's important to understand that there are 2 factors that are influencing where the growth rates are right now that are very significant. One is the -- are the contract transitions that we believe are, one, absolutely the right operational decision. They are structural, and they are finite. And as I've just indicated in the answer to Toni, we move those after the third quarter of this year. Element is naturally the impact from COVID on the business on our COVID-sensitive revenues, which clearly had an impact on spend informed activity, bankruptcy activity and even some of the bank consulting revenue. And so when we are evaluating, and we are constantly evaluating what we do with all of our businesses and what are our options to optimize the value of that, the right time frame that we think is to look at what's the structural transitions and the impact from COVID. And so certainly, 2022 should be what we believe is a much more normalized level from a revenue, revenue growth and from a margin perspective that informs our view of the more normal operating state of the business as well as a sense of how the structural changes that we have implemented and the operating changes will demonstrate their impact more clearly in terms of growth at a top line and an EBITDA level. So in short, I think, as we move through these 2 temporal impacts and the structural impact on the contract transition, 2022 should be a much more normalized basis for us to be...
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So in that situation, when we look at the rapidly changing landscape within power, I think it's important, Manav, to understand kind of a legacy perception of where Wood Mackenzie was from an oil and gas market, resource asset, pricing orientation and their expertise and where they have evolved and where they -- their potential to continue to evolve in an environment where the energy transition from carbon-based to alternative tools and all of the capital decision, investment decision, expense decisions that this client base investors are addressing is we are incredibly well-positioned. And Lens is the platform that puts us in the space to be able to capture the rapid growth in data sets and analytics for that business. We're already seeing it, as I indicated, in terms of the pricing on the legacy product. We're seeing it in the growth in our energy transition revenues, both on a consulting and subscription basis within chemicals. You saw an acquisition in metals and mining, which have increasing relevance given the importance of battery raw materials. And so we view Wood Mackenzie and PowerAdvocate, our primary energy businesses, as positioning themselves very well for capturing the growth in demand for those products. And we see through the impact on consulting revenues and some of the challenges on the subscription basis that growth potential ahead. So I think it's a combination of both that future opportunity and the success that we've had to date in moving that business forward. One piece of evidence from that, if you look at a number of our competitors in that space, I think you will see very differentiated performance from a revenue growth and an earnings growth perspective, reflecting the significant progress that we've made in moving it from that legacy orientation around the upstream oil and gas sector.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you. This is Scott. I'm seeing some more names. Okay. we are concluded. Thank you all for your time today, your interest. We'll be following up with a number of you. And appreciate as always the dialogue. Have a great rest of the day.
Mark Anquillare: No, I think our customers expect us to be on top of that. So as an example, it's -- the repair cost estimate solutions, we're making constant updates on a weekly basis. We're providing them what's the cost of lumber, as an example, which has been a very significant inflationary item. And their repair cost estimates are reflected that -- are reflecting that increase. We are very much into the world of social inflation, right? The cost of litigation and the cost of claims is up as a result of that. So that -- those trends are reflected in our loss costs. That's the pricing they do. It's reflected in the repair cost estimates. It's reflected in how they underwrite a property or any insurance risk, and I'd like to think that we are at the lead in thinking for them on that topic.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, just maybe to provide a good example of everything Scott described. I think one of the big success stories is really inside of what is our underwriting and rating ISO business. We continue to have a very big business focused on what we refer as loss cost rules and forms. And we have been growing kind of an inflationary way because we've been very thoughtful with our customers. The growth that we've seen, that has increased over the last several years is because of that innovation investment and kind of bundling things for these InsurTechs and others. So I just wanted to reaffirm and maybe provide tangible evidence to that.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. Thank you, Gary. I try to look at the cost structure and evaluate what's temporal and what's structural. And there is some temporal element of this that we've been able to hold on to. But I think to your point on the travel and entertainment side, I think there are structural savings that we are -- we'll be able to take advantage of over time. And so I think some of that, there is a structural change.  I also think over the longer term, as we adopt or adapt to the flexible work structure that Scott described in his comments that it will provide opportunities for us from a productivity, from a real estate cost standpoint to reduce some of those expenses over time. But of course, that follows kind of the lease renewal process. But those will be things that we're able to achieve over time as well. And then finally, the other element is compensation, and that is more directly tied to our overall performance against the growth targets and overall head count growth. And I think that will -- that's the element that is likely and we'll certainly hope is going to normalize consistent with the achievement of our revenue growth and our EBITDA growth.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. So let me try to maybe provide some parameters. The way we're going about this is we really believe that insurer, in their search for the best experience to the customer, the digital engagement, they want information that's actionable and they can kind of have a bindable quote, meaning when you go online and you want to get a price, you don't want it to change. And basically, 33% to 40% of the cases, that price changes, if you say I'm interested. And they do all this underwriting and pull the information. we're bringing all that information forward and the combination of data we have and analytics so that the insurer has confidence to quote. And that's a big change. So that is noteworthy and important. And what we've tried to do in kind of thinking about the opportunity here, we know who's providing that information. And we feel it's about $1 billion that's going to be type of market opportunity in the insurance space. So we simply have a lot of runway, especially on the personal line side. We have a strong base on the commercial line side at the so that's kind of an extension, which hopefully provides you with a little bit of context of why we think it's important and also why we've continued to emphasize that .
Mark Anquillare: So the majority of our catastrophe modeling is around a touchdown subscription model that we've taken a lot of customers and we've had a lot of wins. So the growth you've seen, the underlying foundational growth, is us winning customers and bringing them on to the platform.  Where you're seeing a little bit of a spike and valley is inside of what is the ILS market. Those are the cat bonds we referred to. And that is a little bit a function of timing of the market. We had a good couple -- we had a good quarter. We probably would expect a strong for end of year. It's a little bit tough to tell whether that's going to grow in 2022. At the same time, I would say to you that the market in general is getting more and more collateralized those type of risks. So if you were to ask me what the growth perspective is for cat bonds over the next 5 years, I would say it's going to be up. It's going to be bigger, and we're well-positioned for it, whether it's going to be up or down in one particular quarter, that is a tough estimate for you. And I hope you can appreciate the difficulty we have in forecasting quarter-by-quarter, but I think we have feel for year-over-year.
Mark Anquillare: Let me continue. Thank you for the question, another good opportunity. I think I've highlighted in past sessions here, one of the things we're seeing more and more frequently is our customers are looking forward to this interconnected ecosystem. They want the ability to use their internal solutions, their solutions or other third-party solutions in a connected way, whether that's through APIs or micro services. And we're spending a lot of time and money making that happen. So what we're seeing and what we're hearing and what it does is it really helps us because there are a lot of customers out there on those big insurance software solutions like Duck Creek. Guidewire would be another one. And we have integrated with those solutions in such a way that those customers get access information from Verisk and analytics from Verisk or claim solutions from Verisk, in a way that makes it easier for us to operate, more efficient for them to operate. And what it also does is it gives us an opportunity for easier to sell because the integration is built in and it's connected. So we find it to be very customer-focused, and it also gives us some runway in accelerated pipeline for sales.
Mark Anquillare: So let me say it this way. I think what we have done over the last 20 years is we've had SaaS-based environments. So these are not locally installed solutions. So the SaaS-based business model facilitates this. Your question now is a good one. I think we can do it quicker and more efficiently when we want to integrate using the cloud and as we've kind of transitioned to cloud. So it's not been an enabler, but it has become more efficient in cost-effective.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. Well, thank you for the question. Let me describe the 2 different verticals or 2 different businesses described. So first of all, with regard to international software, so the most part that represents our Sequel offering. So we were talking a little bit about platforms before the [indiscernible] the claim systems. We are a player in the market. We are the most significant player in the market. And that is about growth in customers. That is about extension of different solutions and products, including some of the acquisitions we did that helped extend that platform, line space, roll block sequel, all of those are this interconnected ecosystem. And we've taken that capability as it relates to, for the most part, specialty and commercial lines, and started to extend it outside of the U.K. and even into the United States. So those are good wins, those are good extensions and it's been very positive.  If I was to go over to the FAST side, which is the life side of things, what we've done is we've infused it with some analytics. But in large part, what you're seeing is, there are some very major life insurers who've made some very major decisions, and they've chosen FAST. These are very long-term contracts, 5 and 10 years. And we are implementing as we speak, and that will be a very nice and very substantial run. Because as we implement, what we will get is I'll refer to it as subscription-types of revenue. And as they put on new products and there's new volumes, we would see increased revenue on each of those lines. So the major wins across the life insurance software platform space, it's been with FAST, in almost every case that we're aware of. And again, those are new logos as well as extension into other solutions or products within existing customers. So hopefully, that answers your question. And what I did try to at least kind of conclude in there, we have significantly increased the investment to make sure we transition to the SaaS environment, to transition to the cloud. We've extended both our capabilities through acquisition and build.
Lee Shavel: If I can just kind of supplement on that to provide some validation, I think you referenced a couple of elements here. But if you look at the underlying insurance business, it gets consistently delivered on that 7% organic growth area, where there have been negative impacts from that is it has either been because of some of the nearer-term cyclical elements associated with the energy business. But that business, as we have seen and demonstrated, particularly with the Lens platform, the investment in the energy transition practice, has demonstrated their potential to move to similar levels of growth. And Financial Services has been undergoing a transition to a more focus on sustainable growth, reducing some of that volatility. So I want to make certain that you appreciate that underneath the space is a consistent track record of delivering on that potential, with some of the other elements as we move down this path of investing in the platform in order to -- for us to deliver the value of those rapidly growing data sets, improved platforms against the business. That's been the recipe that is delivered and supports our conviction of the achievability of that going forward.
Lee Shavel: So Hamzah, thanks for the question, and we appreciate you identifying the strength in the cash flow. I think the important thing to emphasize here is that we believe that one of the strongest elements that we have, the strongest opportunities that we have to create value is investing internally within the business, as Scott has described, in the technology, in the data sets, in new services for our clients. And so we want to make certain that we are taking every advantage to where we think we can generate incremental growth, where we can generate high incremental returns on capital from that. So we start from the position of how much capital do we have available that we're generating from the business. What are our opportunities first to invest in the business, in a way that takes advantage of those opportunities to generate growth and returns? Secondly, are there opportunities that we see in the M&A market to invest in businesses that we can create value by meaningfully improving their revenue growth through our distribution, utilizing their data sets more effectively or improving their technology? And FAST, as we've described, this has been a great example of that. Genscape in our energy business has been additive, has generated attractive returns on capital for us. So that's the second use. And then the decision on share repurchases is really an outcome of what capital do we have that we don't have an opportunity, we don't see an opportunity to invest, to contribute to growth or returns on capital. So it is an outcome of our capital allocation process, not something that we target at the outset. So kind of taking your question, if we don't see those opportunities, if the M&A market doesn't present opportunities for us given where valuations are or the nature of the business to create value, then we would expect that excess capital to be returned either through the dividend or through increased share repurchases, but it will all be driven by that investment opportunity and our discipline.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Jeff, for the question. There are several elements to it. And I know that you're asking it was in the context of cost, which I'll address. But I also want to make sure that there's an appreciation that there is a CapEx element to this. And then there is also the productivity element to this transition. First, on the cost. You are taking on an additional cloud capacity from the provider before you are eliminating some of that legacy. So you have kind of a redundant, redundant period. In addition, you were taking on recoding expense for the applications as you migrate them into that new environment. And so as we have been implementing this process across hundreds of applications in our various businesses, you have that upfront cost that is a negative cost impact, which we view as an investment. And we look at it on individual project-by-project basis. Our technology team does a great job tracking the specific costs and the savings, but think of this as rolling across the organization.  And for the first year and second year, we are still in a net investment mode from a cost perspective within the business. CapEx will be more limited going forward, so you will be extracting CapEx savings over time because the CapEx intensity of our technology footprint is declining, but that's something that's achieved over time. And we're beginning to experience that in this second year of the project, but that will continue naturally into the third year and beyond. And so if we think about OpEx and CapEx, we're still in a net investment mode in the second year. We would expect that in the third year that turns into a positive contribution. Now the other thing to factor in is that, as Scott described on the CapEx front, that is -- it will enable us -- and this is also true on the OpEx front, to shift some of that OpEx into other investment areas. So when I've talked about margin in the past, I've described there is natural operating margin expansion on a pre-investment level, but then we consume a portion of that from an investment perspective, and that's where we generate incremental growth and returns. So we do believe that this will be additive going into the third year, and then we'll determine do we see investment opportunities to pursue that. Beyond and riding on top of all of that is, I think, the more material benefit of this, which is the pace of innovation, the ability to associate more data sets to populate platforms that are creating a broader lift, I think, within the business and is sensed by, I think, a number of the questions in terms of its impact on our overall growth. So I wanted to give you kind of a comprehensive sense of the way that we are thinking about it. And because of that complexity, I think it would be very limiting to kind of specifically just focus on the cost element of it. Yes, there will be cost benefits, but those have to be -- will be balanced by our investment decisions and then the broader impact from the transition.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you for the question, Andrew. I have been able to spend more time with the team at Verisk Financial Services. And one thing I would first emphasize is that they have been very focused on trying to integrate the data sets that we have from the various businesses and move from a more compartmentalized approach to the business to a focus on our broader client objectives. And in fact, Lisa has implemented some organizational changes that support that approach and focus from the business, which we think moves that to a more effectively integrated platform for our businesses. And we have also taken the steps structurally to move that business from a more consulting-oriented revenue base to more sustainable growth. And we are seeing that from a new business signing and pipeline perspective in the way that we are bringing on new business and how we're structuring it and the types of business. To your question, one thing that's important to emphasize is that Verisk's Financial Services, in many ways, has been an intellectual capital engine for much of the rest of the business. A lot of what they have learned in dealing with very large data sets and integrating them, managing them, data architecture elements have been exported to the rest of the business. Many of the data scientists, including our CIO, Nick Daffan; our Chief Analytics Officer, Vikas Vats, have come from that background and are -- we're drawing from their expertise. So there are other elements of the -- of what they've contributed to Verisk has been helpful. We are pulling from some of those externalized elements in a variety of ways analytically to developing new products, the replatforming of Argus 2.0 is an example of where we've been able to draw from some of that external expertise. So I think there is a good dialogue across the 2 entities. And we also look for interactions between the credit dimensions that Verisk Financial Services have and some of the insurance elements of our business to inform and generate new opportunities.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Toni, thanks for the question. It's not the case. We are -- what you are seeing in that quarterly impact is the impact of some of the contract transitions, but we are expecting, as we come through that third quarter, a period where we reached the end of that contract transition impact, that you will see more normalized margins within that business. So that is not -- what you see now is not the expected sustained element here.
Lee Shavel: Well, I'll say it more strongly. 2020 would have been coming out year party for Verisk Financial, but for the pandemic. 2020 would have been a coming out party for Verisk Financial. All these changes that we're talking about making. And yes, I mean the fact that the business has an above-average level of transaction revenues relative to the mix that is in Verisk has caused it to sort of respond differentially. But beginning in 2018, we acknowledge changes that needed to happen in the business model. They were all packaged and on deck and ready and then the pandemic happens.
