Lee M. Shavel: Thank you, Chris. And good day to everyone. We appreciate you joining us today for a discussion of our first quarter of 2018 financial results. With me on the call this morning are Scott Stephenson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Anquillare, Chief Operating Officer. Following comments by Scott, Mark and myself, highlighting some key points about our financial performance, we will open the call for your questions. The earnings release referenced on this call as well as the associated 10-Q can be found in the Investors section of our website, verisk.com. The earnings release has also been attached to an 8-K that we have furnished to the SEC. We also filed an 8-K on April 26, 2018, with a description of our business segment recasting. A replay of this call will be available for 30 days on our website and by dial-in. Finally, as set forth in more detail in today's earnings release, I will remind everyone that today's call may include forward-looking statements about Verisk's future performance. Actual performance could differ materially from what is suggested by our comments today. Information about the factors that could affect future performance is contained in our recent SEC filings. Now, I will turn the call over to Scott Stephenson.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah, so, Andrew, I think it's just we're saying over 7%. Obviously, 8% is over 7%. No change in the guidance. I think we just are looking at that 7% threshold. We certainly see the potential to be above that and to be at 8%. So there's no change in that. That is our long-term target. We aren't making – providing any guidance in terms of 2018. We would ask investors to look at the trends in the business, the momentum that we have in the various segments, and come to their own conclusions but our long-term targets remain consistent with what we've expressed in the past.
Lee M. Shavel: So, Hamzah, thanks. So the investments that we are making are included in the organic margins that we've reported. So in terms of thinking about those margins, you should assume that the organic margins reflect all of the investments that we are making, for instance, in Geomni, subsurface, power and renewables, all of those breakouts. And then the difference between that organic margin and the reported margin is the impact of those acquisitions that we have made, but for which we don't have a year-over-year comparison. And this is kind of consistent with how we report the organic revenue growth and the EBITDA growth. Now, I'll make one qualification. In this first quarter impact, as you will see, there was a $3.5 million earn-out expense associated with our Fintellix acquisition that would have impacted that reported margin. So, that contributed to that. In addition, if you will note in my comments the EBITDA from the reported acquisitions that are excluded from organic also include some nonrecurring deal expenses. And so, that is another contributor that I would describe as kind of a nonorganic component of that differential. So hopefully, that gives you some context for the differential between the reported margin and the organic margin. Investments are included in that organic, and then the differential from a reported also includes some one-time deal expenses and earn-out payments that take that below what we would expect as kind of the normal operating margins for those businesses.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah, thank you, Toni. I think – so, first of all, reiterating that our expectation is to grow organic revenue above 7% and that we would expect organic EBITDA margin to grow – I'm sorry, organic EBITDA to grow at a faster level than that. And so your question goes to, to what degree are we reinvesting that growth in the business. And the way I would approach that is to say we are looking at individual investment opportunities in each of the breakouts on their merits in terms of the growth potential and the return on capital for each of those and we would expect that each of those individually would demonstrate the operating leverage that we expect for Verisk as a whole and to contribute to that stronger EBITDA growth relative to our revenue growth. And so in terms of the timing impacts of that, it depends upon those opportunities and when we put capital into them. Overall, over that long-term objective, we are going to expect to see operating EBITDA growth in excess, implying that margin expansion and that operating leverage. And so I think the variances around that will have more to do with the timing of specific projects and I'll tie that to a specific example. Geomni, for instance, is clearly an opportunity that we have been investing heavily in from a CapEx and from a compensation standpoint. That clearly has an impact, as I indicated today in my remarks, on our EBITDA growth. We are expecting 2018 to be the peak level of investment as we've said before on that and so that will moderate over time, and so that should demonstrate more expanded margin as that tails off. Now there may be other investments that we're making beyond that, but overall we are expecting that margin to express itself and we will try to provide some context between how the investment levels are impacting that growth. Hopefully, that gives you a little bit of clarity in terms of how we think about it.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah. And, Manav, I want to add one thing to Scott's comments just to contextualize this for you. The breakout opportunities in the Energy and Specialized Markets are entities that are EBITDA positive. They are generating EBITDA. They are generating real revenues and revenue growth, and so it isn't a situation where we're investing and hoping the revenues and the profitability will come. We've already demonstrated product viability, client acceptance and we're now in the face of driving to a scale level where we can see that substantial EBITDA growth given the operating leverage grow. Now that varies from investment to investment, but I want to give – your question goes to the level of maturity of these investments and our timing, and I would – I just want to make the point that these are generating EBITDA profitability and we are generating attractive revenue growth in the businesses. So they are established and probably at a more mature level than perhaps kind of your initial impressions were.
Lee M. Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Bill. This is Lee. So the answer is that this earn-out structure was tied to ongoing employment agreements with the employees, and under the accounting rules that has to be reflected as an expense when that's paid. So, that's the technical answer. And it is included in the reported results, but it is excluded from the organic results that we have reported.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so we're always thinking about how to present our products to our customers and in general you should understand our pricing to be value-based pricing. So we're trying to understand the ROIs that customers generate based on using our solutions and then essentially determine what fraction of that we can sustainably hold onto in terms of how we price into the customers. And so really it's a function of how much value the next data set, the next software solution is generating, and it's on that basis that we put the price out there. There's always a price effect in everything that we do. It's seen across all the verticals and anything which is a multiyear subscription, it's generally the case that those contracts will have price escalation year-over-year. So pricing is a part of our overall organic rate of revenue growth. It's not the greatest part. It's a contributor. But it's well below 50% of what's going on in terms of our organic revenue growth.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so – and Mark, please feel free to jump in if you have any additional thoughts. I'm going to broaden out your question just a little bit. It's true across essentially all of our customers that one of the options that they have, of course, and they usually take advantage of the opportunity, to build their own data analytics teams. And we are not in competition with those teams and we never have been. And so the advent of companies trying to improve what they do with data analytics is constructive for our business overall and we want to be best friends of the person who is the rocket scientist inside of any of our customer sets. So you were referencing specifically brokers. Brokers are kind of doing the same thing that they've always done. I mean, some of the brokers have had some form of catastrophe models for a very long period of time. They always try to harness some element of the data that they've got. But there's just a fundamental difference between what we do and what the brokers do. The data that we have is so much more comprehensive and it's so much more granular that we just really don't end up overlapping what brokers do. So I think your question was specifically about the influence of brokers. That's not new business. There's nothing that's really all that different there. The reinsurance broker community has changed demographically somewhat just because of changes in the reinsurance business. But in terms of kind of the value that they add and the value that we add, I don't really see very much change there at all.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so maybe in reverse order, Tim. We're kind of right in the middle of it right now, so I think that we're sort of at the investment level that is required. It has both effects that you were talking about. So first of all, there's a – as you would image, a massive amount of data that's part of what Wood Mackenzie does. But one of the things that a modern data analytic company can do is actually more highly automate data extraction, data cleansing and then data integration so that all of the data sets come together in a way that they're easily presented to the analytic layer and you can build new products. And so there is an efficiency effect there which we expect to enjoy as we move through this 2.0 migration. But then the other part of it is that – and I'm now alluding back to what I said in my comments, one of the big things that's happened in the energy space is that everything has sped up. If what you're trying to do is to harness competitive intelligence and make your investments and run your operations, everything has just sped up and that's largely the effect of the United States. Basically, sort of the old form was an offshore big development which would have hundreds of millions of dollars of investment and 5- to 10-year planning and execution cycles to get into business. Now in the unconventionals and the Lower 48, you can basically move a rig and three days later have a 1,500-foot well. And so planning cycles in a world like that are measured in weeks. And so one of the things that is necessary in that world, if you're going to stay on top of competitive intelligence and have really fresh and relevant solutions, is you've just got to speed up. And that will be one of the major effects of WoodMac 2.0. The other one is actually interacting even more deeply with customers' own decisioning platforms; more melding of their data with our data with other forms of data that we don't even use today. And so the – kind of the overall point, which is to help our customers make better decisions faster, that's always been the point and will continue to be the point. But by degrees, what we put out there will actually look different and be more valuable because of data integration, plus the deeper connectivity between our data sets and the customers' data sets.
Scott G. Stephenson: Right. So, Lisa is not here, but I feel comfortable answering on her behalf. We, as you would imagine, spend a lot of time together talking about all this. The path to growth is going to be the same as it has been. I called out in my remarks that three of the streams – revenue streams at Argus that will be particularly meaningful are media effectiveness, regulatory solutions, and data hosting, and so to really be a function of each of those streams finding their mark. At this point, 25 of the top 25 credit card issuers in the English-speaking world are in our data consortium and customers for our solutions. And so just the building of the consortium now – it's really down to additional countries, I guess is the way that I would put it, and we're having some success there. But there had been moments over the course of the last five years where a pretty good contributor to growth was more issuers coming into the consortium. At this point, that's a little more established. So, that part of the revenue stack can grow, but it won't grow quite as fast. And so those are the three components, and that's not really a change from where we've been. So we're really down to execution, and I referenced a timing effect as it related to the first quarter of 2018. But as I mentioned, the long-term view is that this is a business which for five years through 2017 grew in the low- to mid-teens. The depth and the power of our data asset is greater in 2018 than it was in 2012 at the beginning of that time period. The customer demography has not really changed, so we see a lot of opportunity for this business to grow.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so there are actually two things here, Manav, and you kind of put them together a little bit. So let me pull them apart for you. WoodMac 2.0 and the breakout solutions are not the same thing. Breakout solutions are things that we're presenting to customers that they find valuable, which operate in their environments and help them to run their businesses and make progress, and Lee referenced those at some length. Those are relatively large categories of spending. The good news is that each of those, whether it's subsurface or it's power and renewables, we actually find good growth associated with those. We're very happy. Having sort of launched these things and given where they are in their progress, the margins will improve as they grow. The margins are not as high as the other things that we do today, and so you have both of those effects at work. WoodMac 2.0 is something different. That's about capabilities. That's about WoodMac being a 21st century, fully-equipped modern data analytic machine. And the data analytic work that WoodMac has done historically has been very unique and the content has been very unique, but the actual data analytic methods have not really been as strong or as advanced as those and other parts of Verisk. So our thesis, even when we got started and here we are now, is that the rest of Verisk could apply methods and help make progress. It's taking a while, and I referenced that 2019 would be sort of a moment of milestones with regard to all of that, but that will be the ongoing work. So you just need to separate those two forms of investment.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Actually, there's one other point I want to make around profitability levels at WoodMac and that is you can actually see our philosophy at Verisk at work if you look at WoodMac over the last several years. And what I mean by that is there was a remarkable discontinuity in the end market in the energy space, remarkable. The industry globally – meaning our customers shed hundreds of – about 350,000 jobs globally. The choice that we made was that we're in this for the long haul. So we didn't slash head counts. We didn't penalize our people by saying, okay, there was this downturn, but you're just going to get paid a lot less because we're groping for a near-term margin impact. And I think we've been rewarded for that. Our performance relative to referenced competitors in the space with respect to growth has been considerably better. But this is our philosophy at Verisk. As much as our business runs on intellectual capital and it does, a lot of that is tied to our people and the greatest part of our cost structure is our people. And we're going to manage for the long term and that is absolutely what we've done as we've moved through with WoodMac. And so you can see that in terms of the choices that we've made in light of a very difficult external environment. We thought long term and we remained investment-minded and that's what we'll always do at Verisk.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think you're just reading that wrong. We just – at the start of the year, I think we want to give a sense as to where things look contextually. Nothing has changed in that outlook. We just are not providing a specific estimate for 2018. We are working towards our targets. You can see that we successfully achieved that in the first quarter. We've done that consistently over the past few quarters and we think that should be the basis for investor and analyst perspective on 2018.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so – and, Mark, let me invite your comments. I think the answer to inflection point is, I think more in terms of curves than steps when we – as we sort of build all of this. So I do think that the Data Exchange becomes just that much more inevitable as it grows. So you do have that effect. On the other hand, you've got – sort of every OEM seems to be its own special case and the rate at which they look at these opportunities and what they think they're going to get out of vehicle telemetry just seems to vary from OEM to OEM. So I think it's something short of kind of a – sort of a herd movement. But I do think that sort of the next contributor is that much closer to hand because of having reached roughly one-third of the market, as Mark has described. And the revenue side of it will look like a curve also because as the data deepens, it'll just be that much more compelling to an increasingly larger number of insurers to want to access the data and build their process around these data. So I would encourage you to think in terms of curves rather than step changes, but it is very encouraging, and I compliment our team for having gotten this far. I mean we are clearly the leader in this category, hands down. I don't really actually think anybody else is really in this category. Seems to (01:01:37).
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, I just wanted to say before we sign off, thank you, everybody, for your interest and for the questions today. I hope and I believe that the expanded presentation that we're providing you is giving you a deeper look into the company. We're very happy for you to have that deeper look because we're actually very confident in where our business sits and where it's going, and so we want everybody to kind of appreciate the dynamics of our business. And so I imagine that our conversations going forward will just be enriched by the greater disclosures. So, thanks for your interest, and we'll talk to many of you in the coming days and weeks and look forward to it.
Mark V. Anquillare: And maybe the only thing I will add – this is Mark – is clearly the brokers like everybody is trying to do more data analytics especially as brokering fees become a little bit squeezed. Their target market continues to be into corporates. We do some, but very little with corporates. We work and provide those analytics to insurers and the folks that are more in the insurance side of transaction.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure, Tim. This is Mark. I just want to make sure – we've been kind of reiterating the same that we feel that we're well positioned. We have a better set of assets and new products than we ever have, and those are coming to fruition. The other thing we've been trying to emphasize over the last several quarters, back probably the earlier 2017, was there were several industry consolidations both on the reinsurance side and the insurance side, and when that happens, sometimes that put pressure on us. There was this underlying headwind that we've been a little bit free from. So there's a combination of good elements that are contributing and I think that I would be remiss if I didn't mention we're doing a very good job from a sales perspective of cross-selling and we're seeing good activity, good integration and good engagement with customers.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, obviously, some acquisitions and consolidation in the industry could or could not affect us. It really gets to what models as an example use AR (00:56:21), if there's two reinsurers that are combining the acquiring company, what models they use could drive a better or worse outcome for us. And what happened as I described over kind of 2016 into early 2017 was some of that merger activity worked against us. Your referenced ACE/Chubb. Those are both large users of ISO services. We worked in agreement with them that I think made both customers and Verisk happy, but there obviously, in those type of things, does come some negotiations. So I can't really get all that more specific. All that I can tell you is the headwinds that we experienced are behind us. (00:57:25) things that have been announced or pending don't seem to have that big of implication on us going forward. So I think we're in a better space – place we are today than we were a year ago.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think one of the benefits we've of kind of taking our insurance businesses and being holistic is we've had these more senior-level discussions as Scott highlighted, and these outcomes are positive in the sense that we think we have bigger growth opportunities to cross-sell products and get Verisk more integrated and more product into those bigger customers. So we'll continue to look forward for the future, but I think there could be a very positive outcome.
Mark V. Anquillare: That was my specific reference when I said the acquisitions that are pending on the horizon probably are more positive to us and we don't see a concern.
