Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, so in reverse order, Tim, cyber didn't really contribute a lot. Think of it as a new extension of a product set that we've always had. Cyber insurance is a real thing. On the other hand, it's a fairly small line relative to the others. And most of what we do, pricing – or our revenue is going to relate to the premiums, and the premium in cyber insurance remains fairly small. I think the way to interpret the third quarter relative to, say, the earlier part of the year is the anomaly was more the early part of the year, where you'll remember we described some one-time effects with respect to nonrecurring revenue in 2016 that didn't recur in 2017, for example. So I think what you're seeing now is more kind of our normal expectation for the insurance vertical. And other than the effects of the catastrophes, there's really not anything to point at that would sort of stand out as a unique factor in the quarter that was contributing to the revenue, so we kind of feel like what we're seeing here is over time the kind of insurance-facing business that we've got.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, not a lot. Basically, as you would imagine, our customers are very motivated to deal with catastrophe-oriented claims very quickly and so they do actually tend to get dealt with within days of when the events actually occur, so no, not very much of that.
Scott G. Stephenson: It's both. So I think we've described for you before, that there's an interesting quality to the nature of the business related to taking all of the spend analytics we've got and pointing them towards new use cases, for example, looking at media effectiveness. And that is that there is a one-time bit of work that needs to be done to essentially integrate our platform with our customer or partner's platform and there is revenue associated with that integration. We get paid for that, but then what happens thereafter is a sustaining set of subscription revenues. So it's really at both ends. So yes, there will be moment in time effects associated with bringing on a substantial new customer and many of the customers we bring on are substantial, but at the same time, there is an enduring and meaningful tail of subscription revenue.
Scott G. Stephenson: It's not – I mean, it is there and it's a dynamic business where we are adding customers, so there will be an effect in there, but relative to the overall performance of the business I would say not particularly material. And definitely, we need the business to continue to grow but there will be something in there but not...
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So, first of all, yes. You heard me correctly. The $8 million is not particularly bleeding into the fourth quarter, so period, end of sentence. Most of that $8 million is related to solution sets that we've had for some time and not the remote imagery activity, and it's very straightforward on the classification of the revenues. The businesses that we acquired did not do anything in the insurance vertical. We acquired infrastructure. But in terms of actually causing business in the insurance vertical, that was entirely Verisk and existing Verisk.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. One of the things that you'll see at Investor Day is a synthesis of our energy data analytics and our insurance data analytics, a very exciting new product. It's really kind of in the early stages, so it's not material, where the revenue is concerned right now, but we are really, really excited about it. It's called EPICS (28:46), and you'll get a chance to see that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. Well, the pricing for us is really a proxy for the distinctiveness of our solutions and the amount of value that we're bringing to our customers. Across everything that we do, there would be a pricing effect which relates to the strength of what it is that we do. There are some parts of our business where the pricing effect is a little bit stronger; for example, our very long-standing industry standard insurance programs. And then, other parts where it would probably be a little bit less strong, because we're more on a transaction basis in our pricing. But there is a price effect everywhere, and that's really no different than it's ever been. I would only – with respect to price, I would just add that we're in it for the long haul. We are making grounded decisions about how to price our solutions, because we really care about our relationships with our customers and we want them to endure and a lot of our growth opportunity is to bring new solutions, new value to our existing customers. So we feel a great burden to be responsible with how we price our products.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, as I think most folks know, we principally serve three vertical markets, which would be P&C insurance, retail banking and its extensions, including into retail and media effectiveness analytics, and then the whole energy complex and natural resources. And the other two parts of the business, meaning the non-P&C parts, we're very excited about them going forward. We believe both of them have sustained very strong revenue growth opportunities. I think you were trying to ask also about the effect of kind of like personal lines and the way that automobiles are changing and with autonomous vehicles and connected vehicles, et cetera. We actually see that as an opportunity. We actually, we believe, are the leaders in the United States in harvesting data off of connected cars. We've announced partnerships and we'll have more to announce in the future. And so it's new data basically that we can pull into our analytic methods, so we view it as an opportunity.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, the TAM for all of the applications outside of the insurance vertical are about an order of magnitude bigger than the insurance vertical. So we talk about the insurance vertical as something, (32:58) that's sort of our home base, that's where we started from but actually, extensions into other vertical markets are going to be important to us (33:11). There is a lot of background noise. Maybe somebody's phone is unmuted (33:15).
Scott G. Stephenson: No exclusivity, and in fact one of the reasons why folks like TSYS like to partner with us is because of the richness and depth of our ecosystem which creates a data asset that doesn't exist anywhere else in the world and actually, as the next partner comes in, the ecosystem gets better, so the network effect is there and the last one to come in knows that and the next one to come in knows that. So no, there's no exclusivity and it basically is a way of extending – first of all as I say, it improves the data asset but in addition to that, it actually creates yet more reach into specific banks that would be a part of TSYS's ecosystem. We're very pleased by the partnership, very excited about it.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we don't really put out the numbers around individual customer relationships. If you wanted to sort of do some work on that, you could sort of figure out what is TSYS's share of the processing world and try to relate that to the size of the business we are already.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so the way that the imagery ecosystem works is first of all, you need to avail yourself as an insurer or an independent adjuster or an insured, of the ability to understand the asset and how it's changed. So one of the things that matters is your understanding of the asset before the event, before the damage, and so one of the things that is necessary is sort of a view of truth, which is what is there before the damage occurs? And that has to be developed both precisely in terms of the quality of the images, but also efficiently for cost reasons. You cannot do that with a drone. And actually, you can't do that with a satellite either. What you need is aerial imagery. That is the way to create the single view of truth in terms of what is on the ground. And that we do not see changing. So that is fundamental and foundational. What you do hear from some of the carriers is that in the wake of an event, if an adjuster can get to the building, because remember, the radius in which you can fly a drone is very limited, then one of the ways that you can assess the property in addition to visually inspecting it as a human being, is to operate a drone. And some of the companies have begun to do that. So they literally would have some of their adjusters driving around with a small drone in their trunk. It's really kind of a technical augmentation of what an adjuster has always done, which is to try to get close to the property and understand what happened to it. It really does not represent very much change. The adjusters may find that using the drone, they can do their work a little bit faster, they can maybe be a little bit more precise, they can drive better images and we're all for it actually. We are able to provide a turnkey drone solution to our customers as well and actually, one where the homeowner is actually sort of operating – if they have access to a drone, they can actually direct and capture the images and get those back to us. So that development is a good one. It's not an overwhelming one. It hasn't really changed the nature of the claims process, maybe into the future it will have somewhat more effect, but the fundamental point is if you're going to do these analytics at scale, you're not going to do them with drones.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think both those questions are aimed at the same point, Andrew, and I'll just say that the Geomni business in the insurance vertical is growing and would have grown even absent the effect of the extreme weather, and growing very, very nicely. So there was a boost in the quarter as I said before of that $8 million, most of it was not attributable to Geomni, but pre-existing Verisk solutions. So Geomni is growing nicely. It's sort of getting to a scale where we can almost begin to not call it nascent anymore, even though we're still early in the journey. But it is growing, and would have grown, and would have grown nicely in the third quarter even absent the extreme weather effect.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So the reason that the growth shows that we're – or let me make a more general point as we sort of get into this topic, which is that customers often have a preference for how they buy solutions, particularly new solutions, which is that they prefer to get into it in a transaction mode rather than in a subscription mode, because they don't exactly know how much of it they're going to need. And we're happy to do business that way as we're moving into a category which is either new for them or it's at least new for us with respect to serving them. So we don't consider transaction-based revenues to be low quality revenues, because they very frequently mature, they ripen into subscription agreements. So for example, in the Geomni world – and I'm just taking that as an example, today we're transaction-priced. One of the plans that we have worked on at length has been as our offerings begin to mature, one of the ways that we can offer them to customers would be in more of a subscription mode, where you would essentially sort of be kind of buying the aerial imagery platform I guess is the way I would say it, without respect to any individual property that you want to look at. So that would be an example of there would be a progressive movement of what today is booked as transaction revenue into what tomorrow or down the road would be booked as subscription revenue. And that's kind of a normal effect inside of a data analytics business. It's very common for the customers to want to start out in a transaction mode.
Scott G. Stephenson: No. No, the nature of the business in the south central United States is a very engineering-intense way of extracting hydrocarbons from the ground and basically in the unconventional space for example, you can get your well established within three to five days, so it's a blip.
Scott G. Stephenson: I don't think we really – the aerial imagery acquisitions? I mean, I think, Eva, remind me, but I think we actually talked about 2-ish million dollars of acquired EBITDA at the time that we bought the seven smallish regional imaging companies.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, the demand factors for Argus are very good, but that's not – if I'm understanding your question, that's not really what Argus does.
Scott G. Stephenson: That is potentially something that we could do at Verisk. That is not something that we do today. We do work on cyber insurance, so we help insurers think about how to manage their insurance products, but actually hardening companies, including banks, against cyber-attack is not something that we do today, though potentially something that we could consider doing in the future.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, I think that – let me take it in reverse order. So Argus is a beautiful business that is founded on a data set that is utterly unique. And the data set is unique because of the granularity of the data that is being contributed by a wide – a large, wide and growing number of companies that participate in this consortium where they're contributing data. We do our analysis and decision support and provide it back to them. And so that whole ecosystem is growing and strengthening, and that is the fundamental foundation of the growth of Argus. And we are finding our ways into new use cases related to that content. So for example, when you think about G2, a lot of what G2 does is to diligence merchants. To date, most of the application of the data set has been more about diligencing consumers, the borrower and then to – and observe what they're doing in terms of their spending, using their credit card product for example, or their debit products. But one of the things that you can do when your data set is as comprehensive as ours is, is you can also then sort of pivot and start to try to observe the activities of the merchants where these payment products are being used. That's kind of new business for us relatively, and G2 is already there and so that's where the synergy occurs on that side. Then with respect to looking more at sort of LCI, another thing that you can do when you have comprehensive transaction data, is you can try to understand patterns of fraud, which is a really great theme for us, one that's very important for us in the insurance world for example. That's something that we have already done inside of Argus. It's a small part of what we do at Argus today but it's available and LCI helps supercharge that. When you move more towards the sort of the merchant analytics, there can be a degree of overlap with players out there including the bureaus and when you move towards trying to root out fraud, there's kind of a different set of solution providers out there that you might end up overlapping a little bit but we believe that, back to the most important point, we believe we come very equipped for these new categories because of the depth of what we've already got. And so we feel advantaged in trying to bring new value to the market with respect to categories like merchants and fraud.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Well, first of all, just to observe on the environment, I think maybe you noticed that Brent closed at $61-something yesterday, so there's been actually fair progression in terms of the price of the commodity. We said for some time we just need the environment to be stable for our customers to feel good and to lean into growing their businesses and doing so by doing business with us and we feel like we're now in that environment, so we're actually very pleased about that. Customer conversations are very good. I mean, it's a large global dynamic space and probably every customer of ours in that space has their own story in terms of where they are on their journey towards growth and profitability and part of the reason why we're both a meaningful partner for them, and also we feel like we have really terrific opportunities, is that we have these intimate relationships with essentially all of them and so we're able to turn corners with them specifically. Where are they trying to get to? And just like everything else we do, our business there also has a motive quality because we have data assets that are absolutely unique, so we feel very strongly about this business and are very excited about where it's going. I said at the time we bought it, and I still say, that over intermediate and long periods of time I'm looking for Wood Mackenzie to grow faster than the average of Verisk and we believe that's very possible, probable.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. We've actually talked about this effect before, so just to sort of reprise what we said before, WoodMac does a – at WoodMac we do a mix of one, two and three-year subscriptions. So part of what gets reported right at this moment is actually what was set in motion a couple years ago. And there were contracts that were being written and renewed kind of in the depth of sort of the pressure on the category. So when we report the 5-plus percent ACV progression year-to-date, it actually takes a little while for that to work its way into the reported results. And so as you're watching Wood Mackenzie step up, and we've talked about this for several quarters now, it's because these good things that are happening, they just take a while to get expressed into the overall result. So you're seeing WoodMac elevate. I think, 2018 looks very interesting for WoodMac.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, if you were to look at for example, the three acquisitions we did in Q3, which are 75% of the spend that we've done in 2017, I think that you would definitely expect them within 12 to 18 months to essentially be sort of looking like they will look like at their run rates. And in all cases, I think you're then talking about a difference to the corporate margin level, which is much, much lower than that 230 basis point effect that we were – that we've talked. The 230 basis points, Eva was trying to help you understand Q4 of 2017 but these are highly profitable businesses.
Scott G. Stephenson: All three of those businesses have the same quality as the rest of Verisk, which is to say, a high degree of fixed costs and so incremental margins in all of those businesses are really good.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Seeing no other questioners on the screen there, I'll just say thank you very much for your time and your interest today. We look forward to seeing you. Hope you can all join us at our Investor Day in December. And as I mentioned right up front, we'll spend even more time on some of these newer parts of the company so that you have a very, very deep understanding of what they are, and how they behave in the market and how they behave economically. So hope you can join us then. Thanks for your time today.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes, hi. This is Mark. Let me just provide you a little bit of insight. One, the suite of solutions that Sequel provides is really behind the scenes of all of the major carriers in London, so a little bit of a nuanced market in London and they have a captured march (33:47) there to do everything from what would be the analytics upfront from an underwriting perspective, to policy admin (33:54), to claims, even inside the reinsurance world and they have a wonderful tool that provides visual representation and a good VI to versus (34:07). So there's an analytic aspect as well (34:08). What we are going to do is we're going to invest in the VA (34:11) insurance side of things, and we think there's great opportunities to use some of those solutions to bring to maybe some of our U.S. customers on the analytic back end, which would be that visual geographic approach to things as well as the front end which is the underwriting. We also hope we can kind of supercharge some of their analytics insights inside the (34:36) solution set. So we're very excited by it. Customers are very pleased and we've gotten some very good feedback from the market in general. So we're optimistic about what we can do with Sequel.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah, I think the other thing I'd like to highlight is there are some acquisitions, but I think this program of looking to go global is a combination of build and buy. We've been spending a lot of time and energy putting a management team in place, putting business development/sales resources that cover the world, and specifically in kind of the UK, we've done quite a bit of work with Lloyd's, we've done a lot of work with a lot of syndicates. We are building up some actual expertise. So we are trying to take a lot of the things we do here in the United States maybe around property, around actuarial (39:25) work, bring it to the UK. And maybe an example of this is one of the earlier acquisitions was in Ireland. It provided some underwriting information. Today, we have significantly grown and brought that to market a fuller-blown, I'll call it ISO-type of loss costs beyond just traditional rating variables. So we've kind of put the Verisk way into Ireland. We're trying to move that type of thinking, that type of approach, augmenting acquisitions along the way to build a platform that's substantial in the UK and beyond into Europe. So that's clearly our strategy, and I think you'll see more of that as we progress in the coming years.
Mark V. Anquillare: Just, I think to your question a couple things that typically help us a little bit in the future (54:36) is an event like these our insurer and reinsurer customers take some additional thoughts around how and what they're going to do with regard to cat modeling, so there could be opportunities for AIR down the road, to the extent that someone (54:50) wants a second model and maybe a more comprehensive suite of solutions whether it's across different perils, or different geographies, that's an opportunity. What we've also talked about sometimes with catastrophes is that it does help pricing in the industry. From a primary perspective I don't think we're going to see a big upsurge in pricing. From a rate perspective reinsurance, it should bolster maybe reinsurance a little bit. That helps our customers' customers who are growing have more of an appetite to buy things. So that's maybe just another tertiary benefit to us, but just wanted to share those other observations. I think that's what maybe you were searching for as well.
Eva F. Huston: Yes. Thanks, Bill. Well, I think you hit the nail on the head when you talked about the margin in the quarter and certainly one of the benefits of our business model is we have nice incremental margins and certainly, we saw some of that in terms of the storm benefit. We also had the impact on our margins that we've discussed which is around the acquisitions. So those will be a little bit of a pulldown on the margins as we think about sort of the fourth quarter. We have brought in the new acquisitions. We gave you some very specific numbers around how much those will contribute in the fourth quarter, that's sort of call it roughly a 30% margin based on what we've said. Those margins will scale over time, but I think as you kind of put that all together, I would say that we did have an outperformance versus expectation in margins in the third quarter because of some of the storm benefit. So I would – as you think about your model for the fourth quarter, I would put those other factors back in and certainly we look to drive margins, but there will be probably more of a pulldown, than a pullup in fourth quarter.
Eva F. Huston: Yes. So as you know, Bill, we don't get into specific quarterly guidance throughout the year, we do express (46:16) in terms of our growth rates and I think you've seen that so far.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah, and, Alex, I was just going to add to that. I think, when you look at the growth rates, certainly the transactional growth rates were higher than the subscription growth rates in the third quarter and actually, in the second quarter as well. But if you actually look at the progression in that growth, you would see the subscription – the relativity subscription growth has accelerated quite a bit as well as has transactional. And remember, because we are 80% subscription, the dollars associated with that acceleration of subscription growth are really what's meaningfully driving the growth. I don't have the organic numbers in front of me, but I would say that generally some of the businesses that we're bringing in are a lot more transactional in terms of that. So I think if you were to parse that out of your transactional growth rate but down to organic, I think you would see a bit more balance. Although nonetheless, we have storm activity and so transactions, as Scott said, is good revenue. So we'll take that.
Eva F. Huston: Yes, I mean we've talked about our reference point being 2.5 times debt to EBITDA but we'll go above that for the opportunities. We've done that in the past. The way we really think about it is we don't really – we have covenants, those aren't really a constraint for us. So for us, the measure is really how long does it take us to de-lever and I think if you look at our business, especially in Q1, we generate a lot of free cash flow. So I would expect that that ratio would come down relatively quickly absent spending that cash on any other opportunities. So we feel very comfortable we've got a lot of flexibility.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah, I would also add, there are some one-time effects when we acquire businesses. There's some fees associated with that. There's some accounting associated with certain revenue. So that's going to be more of a near-term weight on those businesses as well. So I think as Scott said, we're positive in terms of those ramping up.
