Lee Shavel: Thanks, Dave. In summary, our businesses are strong and we are making important progress, executing on our strategic and operational initiatives, including the evaluation of the separation of the energy business and our margin expansion targets. As we evaluate options for the energy business, we will continue to focus on pursuing the most value creating path for our shareholders and we'll also consider market conditions and timing. We are confident that with the recent transformation of our portfolio and active cost management over we can deliver growth in line with our long-term objectives with organic constant currency adjusted EBITDA growth ahead of revenue growth, reflecting our strong operating leverage. Finally, I wanted to remind you that we are planning an Investor Day for the first quarter of 2023 to be held at our offices in Jersey City. We will provide more details as it gets closer and we certainly hope you will join us. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Heather. I'll start off and then ask offer Mark an opportunity to provide additional color as the Chief Operating Officer. He has been leading that initiative and really driving it's today. At a high level, as I indicated in the call, we are very confident that we will be in a position to deliver on the expected range of margin improvement of 300 to 500 basis points of that 50% to 51% baseline for an insurance only business described the elements that we are considering. We've taken a look at all alternatives that have been identified to us internally and externally. And are working against those directly, some of those have already been underway. I'll let Mark kind of describe, but some of the things that we have been doing. In terms of phasing, we are [technical difficulty] at this point to give specific direction potentially as we kind of look towards the Investor Day, and we have a clear picture of 2023 and specifically the macroeconomic environment that we're looking at. We might be in a position to provide some greater clarity around that. But this at this point, there are too many moving pieces for us to estimate. But as I indicated, we'll expect to see clear progress across 2023. And with that, just offer Mark an opportunity to add any color.
Lee Shavel: And Heather, the only thing I would add is that of course, as I think all companies are these days are aware of the impact of inflation across the business, and particularly the competitive environment from a compensation standpoint. And so we have factored that in at this point, we believe that we can absorb those costs make some steps and improving our retention and still deliver on that. So to your macroeconomic comment, we do recognize that there have been some pressures that may influence the results in 2023 and 2024, but reiterate our confidence in the original target that we set out.
Lee Shavel: And so, John, at a high level, as Mark describing, there are a lot of individual effects on the transactional businesses, some of which are shorter term timing related, there may be some systemic or secular elements on the workers comp. But generally, I think across those transactional businesses, we did see sequential improvement from the first quarter, the second quarter and I think the kind of the stronger trend will be kind of a continued normalization. So certainly, there are a lot of factors and individual elements, but we feel as though we should see kind of continued normalization on those growth rates.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you for the question, Alex. So in terms of overall timing that remains the same. We are on track to have a decision on energy by the end of the third quarter in conjunction with our third quarter earnings release with execution of that alternative to actually follow given the various kind of timing of executing on that. And with that, timing, I would describe this as being exactly where we anticipated completing the kind of separation of the accounting work and analysis. As I indicated, we have advisors that are engaged in this project, they along with our team are actively evaluating all of the alternatives. And so everything from a private sale to a separately capitalized spin out as well as retention are still alternatives that we are weighing. We're being guided by what we think is in the best interest of our shareholders from a value perspective and factoring risk in timing. I've seen the markets are different almost by definition from where we were when we originally announced this. And so the financing market as a function of changes in interest rates is more challenging than it was previously. And naturally, obviously equity markets are also down. Those are all factors that we will consider as we think about the value of the business and the value to our shareholders.
Lee Shavel: Thank you for the question, Toni. And I think the simple answer is the differentiated performance between our subscription-oriented business, where we are capturing the strength of the value of that Lens platform as well as the strong demand for our energy transition, our chemicals, metals and mining business. And so there, excluding the Russian impact the overall growth in that business is solidly in that mid-single digits level at 5.2%. And the weak part of it has been in the consulting side. And there - I think there are two factors. We had a very strong 2021 with the rebound in that and it has been challenged by resource constraints frankly, the level of demand for the businesses there. But given the demand for our professionals with energy and energy transition expertise, it has been more challenging for us to have the resources against those consulting projects. And so, I think the combination of those two factors and the decline in revenues in that business while a very strong environment as you indicated has obscured what we think is the fundamentals we're seeing re-achieving again and positive momentum in the subscription revenues. We continue to see very solid growth in our ACV from Lens and research as a function of everything that you described. But that's the short answer, right. I think that addresses your question, Toni.
Lee Shavel: Yes and Manav, I would add. I was recently out on the West Coast and had an opportunity to meet a number of our clients in the InsurTech space that are out there. And several of them are specifically focused on life applications. And I will tell you the thing that is really - the two things that are really compelling. One is, how they are availing themselves of broader datasets that formally really weren't as relevant in the life space. So there is an appetite for data and a utilization of data and there is a real focus on the availability of instantaneous data so that they can make underwriting decisions. So I mentioned that, because I think they represent the leading edge of where we see life insurance going and that speaks to the broader opportunity that we face or the broader opportunity that we have in front of us to be gathering those datasets of scale. Developing those applications and then deploying it against our relationships on the insurance side, we have done incredibly successfully with the FAST acquisition. So while still, I'm not material contributor to our overall business, it is one that clearly we believe has tremendous penetration potential and growth potential.
Lee Shavel: So Jeff, I'll start and then I'll ask is Stacey to describe it. Essentially, we have the allocated corporate costs that exist, but we still are - we still bear or simply be allocated on a variety of basis, but generally kind of proportionate to the scale of the business. And so that impact, we have to allocate those cost somewhere and they are being allocated to the insurance in the energy business. Stacey, you feel [ph] you're embellishing.
Lee Shavel: So Faiza, thanks for the question. So when - we talk about our international business naturally, our energy business is substantially an international business. And so I - in that regard, we've kind of commented on two - in answer to Toni's questions, the strength that we've seen in subscription - growth on basis for us and function of our successful wins as well as on the consulting side. On the international business from an insurance perspective, there are a, variety of businesses, the most significant of which is our specialty business solutions business. And our business that is providing a software-oriented ecosystem to the non-standard Lloyd's market. It is a business that has generated very strong revenue growth rates. It's a double - it has been a double-digit grower within the business, we have successfully integrated other bolt-on acquisitions such as a ratings engine within that business. And we're very happy with the performance of that business and our ability to expand off of that. That is one piece of a larger portfolio of insurance businesses that we have developed, which have generally been additive to our overall growth rate. I'll ask Mark, maybe to describe a couple of the other components of the businesses and generally the performance and their contributions to our international businesses. But I just want to make that distinction between energy and insurance.
Lee Shavel: And so I think as we expect it to continue to be additive, we also view it as the broader opportunity and recognizing that in the U.S., we have the advantage of having been a utility or the P&C insurance industry and that doesn't exist to the same extent internationally, but software provides an ability for us to connect and create ecosystems, where we achieve a similar dynamic. And that's going to specifically what we have observed with our specialty business solutions element. And so, we're particularly interested in businesses, where we are connecting the industry and we are facilitating industry efficiencies and improved performance. And the international market, in many respects, is not as developed as what we have here in the U.S., and that's what we're excited about continuing to pursue.
Lee Shavel: And Jeff, I would just add kind of a broader overlay which is as Mark is describing, we are seeing some of that near-term pressure on in the business, but longer term, we believe the fundamental driver is the demand for that marketing technology, that demand for kind of delivering that data in that underwriting decision increasingly at the point of sale is what we continue to drive the growth in that business as the industry moves to deliver on that digital experience that Mark described.
Lee Shavel: And maybe summarizing that, we are taking share across all this. So when volumes return, we have taken share and that will be reflected in transactions.
Lee Shavel: Andrew, thank you for the very clear question. And so I'll deal with it in the two parts. I think the conclusion that you drew or the logic that you described is consistent that we see with the ACV growth. And the layering on additional contracts where we've been able to up price the research product as a function of the value of our clients see in Lens. That should continue to have a positive impact on the overall growth rate. And so we do anticipate momentum on that front over the balance of the year. The more difficult element estimate is the consulting side. And so I think that is one where in this competitive market, we face a challenge in getting the level of resources that we think fully address the demand. So I would say, I think we believe that's the case for the research business. On the consulting side, it's a little bit more difficult. And I'd say conservatively that we probably wouldn't anticipate at this point a material change on the consulting front.
Lee Shavel: Certainly. So thanks for the questions. So as you can imagine, our primary focus at this stage is on the near-term objective of the energy separation analysis and project, and two the margin expansion opportunity. And so that is where most of our corporate resources are focused M&A from an M&A standpoint. And then secondly, as we are -- opportunity to evaluate where the business is where we want to take it. What are other opportunities that we have in front of it and how we want to think about internal versus external investment that is occupying that of the next largest part of our time and as we defined that certainly M&A will be a part of how we think about deploying capital and creating value. We have demonstrated in areas particularly on the insurance side, where we have a new dataset for a new technology as with FAST and with Sequel and with Jornaya, we have the ability to materially accelerate revenue growth within those businesses and integrating those with our dataset. So I want to say that we are -- we will continue to look for opportunities where we can materially improve the business and create value through strong returns on the invested capital. That will be our primary focus. It will be in the scale level, but I think you've seen, but for the near-term, we don't expect this high level of activity. One thing that I want to emphasize is that we are not looking at any new verticals outside of insurance and I think until we come to a resolution on the energy business looking at anything in the energy space. So that would be the direction that I provide you.
Lee Shavel: Thank you for the question, George. I may ask you to repeat the rather extended second part of the question. Let me remind you George, as we said explicitly when we provided the guidance that the margin improvement of 300 to 500 basis points was specifically associated with focused entity. I'm sorry just ask you to review that I think there is the answer to your question. The determination of what we do with energy, we'll have to evaluate. So if that business is retain then there will be a different margin profile. We will still seek to achieve those cost savings related to the insurance business overall and look for margin expansion, but those savings were clearly defined as specific to an insurance focus entity. And I ask you to reiterate the second part of your question, George.
Lee Shavel: George, we continue to maintain our long-term targets for the overall business we've said repeatedly in the past that 7% organic growth is our target. We demonstrated ability to achieve that. We are -- I'm not at the stage where we're changing our long-term guidance for the business, obviously we have an ongoing objective to exceed that growth rate and our compensation systems are tied to over achieving against that goal.
Mark Anquillare: So first of all, I think I can tell you we are on plan. I think all of our businesses and support centers have kind of stepped up to the challenge of trying to be more effective and more efficient. As a result of just our overall cost structure, a lot of the focus has been on people and trying to make sure that we are thoughtful about where we need to replace and where we need positions, and we've tried to maintain a rigor around that both when we're hiring new and where that position could be. So a part of the thought is not only to be more effective and more efficient inside of our operations. It's also about where are those people could and should be hired. So we have some operations in Hyderabad, we have some operations that are in Malaga, we have some operation that are in [indiscernible] and we have some operations in Costa Rica, which in the place and we try to become a little bit more internationally where we place those positions and try to make sure that we have the right talent and maybe at lower costs. Facilities is key to that, I think we're making some progress there. We've limited smaller offices. We made some progress with a couple of our major ones. The real estate market, commercial real estate market particular is a little bit slow. So we are probably a little behind on one of those -- probably a little ahead one of those major offices. And then I think I just kind of talk more broadly about where we want to invest and I think the teams have doing a great job of really focusing on where can we get the best ROIC. So there is instances where we're going to reallocate dollars into higher opportunities and we're sunsetting some opportunities where we say due to that maybe that return is not so great. And we probably have kind of come up with the notion of a little bit about more fast sale on some of the smaller products. And I think you're around on track and I think you'll see as we said good benefits from that program as we transition into 2023.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So let me provide a little color as to what I say, I don't remember exactly, your auto, let me start with workers' comp and I'll segue through it. So on the claims side, what we've seen is two things, really. Overall, the industry today relative to pre-pandemic, there's just fewer workers compensation claims. I think in large part, that's a function of you working at home. There's not a lot of slip and falls when you're sitting in your living room and as a result, there's just an overall downturn in the number of claims and that business is transactional. Two, there has been regulation. This is kind of inside of the world of how the government interacts insurers as to who pays us set aside and what that change has done. This has caused some of the insurers to kind of change their processes, probably moving towards a more rigorous process by which they submit those claims as opposed to some of the maybe short cuts that we're starting to happen. So that has also slowed down the buying. That is just a timing thing. The first one is more systemic at least time being, which relate to work from home. Two, on the claims side, I think you were talking a little bit about volumes in -- our repair cost estimating and how weather -- personal auto was the third one, okay. So I'll go to personal next. From a personal auto perspective, I think the other item that we're seeing is because of the challenges in the industry, meaning the world of inflation and cost repairing cars, profitability is starting to be hurt by that loss ratios are up. So when you bring on new business, right, usually there is a short-term loss, so the cost of bringing on that new business. And it takes time to get insurance rate increases. So you have to file those. So there is a general pullback and some of the underwriting of new business, there is less shopping online and because there's less shopping, there is less transactions and people pulling our data around those auto transactions things like loss histories, who is the prior coverage with things around motor vehicle reports. That's the type of information we typically provide. So hopefully that color is there. If I heard correctly, I think the last thing was just generally from a recurrent cost estimate perspective, it's been a very quiet storm season, most of our business is subscription based there is some transactional element to when storms happen, there is typically some adjusters that why software transactions kind of fluctuate up and down with storms.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, I look forward to and thank you for the question. I think we talked about life and marketing. Life has been a wonderful story. What we've seen is, inside of those insurers that are really looking to upgrade probably decades, old technology. Our fast solution has been winning the day and that is a combination of trying true traditional life insurers and there's been a lot of the secondary market or a lot of M&A, where private equities getting involved and buying books of business. Because we're able to implement quickly and then a very low cost in this no-code low-code environment we have been the kind of gender and strategic partner of choice. The beauty of these contracts at the beginning is a little bit implementation, but everyone is going to be moving on to the platform and what you see is not only do they put their business on, they start adding lines and they start extending across legal entities. So we have a combination of new logos, but also more business coming onto the platform. And as you think about the way we - for that obviously, the subscription revenue associated with those like - are going to continue to grow nicely. What we are doing is kind of uniquely positioning solution with not only a combination of great modular software, but analytics, so you can better understand - underwrite business which parallels a lot of the things we did in P&C. So we've kind of taken a little bit about P&C playbook, we've augmented with some great technology and I think we're starting to really make a difference in the life insurance space so, very happy with the progress there. I don't know, we've given the size of that business, but it is certainly growing quite quickly with the high double-digits
Mark Anquillare: And just to tie it altogether, we referenced [indiscernible] that's an example of us kind of bring it in industry dataset and industry organization to fight fraud things that we do well in the P&C side. So kind of a good example of these comments.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, that's great. And I think we highlighted that what you would probably recognize Sequel suite of insurance software has been the bigger element and the big grower over U.K. and beyond. We also have an underwriting business that kind of [technical difficulty] as it relates to understanding risks, understanding exposures. But we go beyond there and talk about insurance as it relates to travel and even pet insurance. Those have both come back and it started to grow nicely. That has been nice grower, once again, we're thinking of our international businesses contributing to and actually helping us accelerate our overall organic growth. Other two things that I'll quickly highlight is we kind of continue to extend selectively often it does a lot of the things that we do here in United States, as it relates to property underwriting, they do it in Canada. So, that is a new acquisition that has been a good contributor and kind of new to the Verisk family as well as ACTINEO, which takes us into Germany again inside the claims space, primarily around auto. So our approach broadly, it's been more around software and a little bit on the claims side around services augmented with solutions and things that we do in the U.S., trying to export them with a local footprint and all of that has been successful with - our international growth.
Mark Anquillare: Great, so Andrew thanks again. So our theme that is across all insurers is this digital engagement trying to make sure they really satisfy the customer. So what we've attempted to do from a P&C perspective, especially, on the personal line side is due to this ultimate prefill. I mean, that's kind of the way, sometimes you hear described. If you call and you give us your name a number, we can fill in all the information, everything about you and give you a quote, that is you being an insurer, and we support to facilitate that. But we wanted to go one step further, we wanted to go even further to the front-end and as you're providing that quote, what if we found the right group of people to share that quotes. So what our team at [indiscernible] and some of the marketing solution SaaS is, we are the industry standard as that we know sitting a website who's shopping. So we know who's actually shopping for insurance. So this is a wide and very real opportunity to kind of drive this pipeline to drive this funnel a real opportunity and provide that. So the marketing solutions have been a nice extension to both our P&C, as well as our life insurance opportunities. It's that front end that gives us the opportunity. There probably is some cyclicality of that, if it's a difficult time and people are trying to cut costs. There's probably more or less marketing spend that happens. But because of the unique situation that our marketing solution to [indiscernible] we sit on these websites. No one else really had the ability to do what we do, it's not like we're competing directly against Google, it's - we have these relationships that we understand who the - real candidates are. And what we also have the ability to do selectively is to take that capability and extend it beyond P&C. So it allows us to do life and P&C insurance, but to the extent that someone's buy house, they're a prime candidate for P&C insurance, but it's also a prime candidate for someone who needs a mortgage. So there is an extension and big opportunity even inside of other vertical markets where we're selectively looking. So I hope that gives you the color you're looking for.
Mark Anquillare: Yes so, great question. Now I'm going to piece it back together and respond may be a little out of order. So first of all, from the end to beginning, we are continuing to see uptake in LightSpeed, people love the concept and people continue to buy the solution. What we're seeing though is the volumes coming through the solution are depressed a little bit. And the short answer is, there's less shopping. I'll give you the example that I think you're looking for. Some of the InsurTechs that had been our early adopters who had a lot of volume coming through all of a sudden now start to focus on profitability. As they start to focus on profitability, that causes them to pull back on writing new business, right. There is a direct correlation, there at least nearly life of a policy. So that's a step of it. Two, kind of your other question-- related question is to about rate and taking rate. Everybody is working rates. I've seen some rate increases as high as 40% by some filings as it relates to certain states. They are coming, but people will start to write again when they get the rate increases they want. How long does that take, it really depends, sometimes on the inner workings of some insurers especially in personal auto, they use this as [technical difficulty] they don't use our direct filings. So that could take six months to nine months to get in place for before things start to ramp up again, because they have price that they expect make them profitable hope that was responsive to most of your questions.
