Scott Stephenson: Yes. So I'll start with that, Manav, good morning. Our customers are in various stages of considering how they're going to manage their own technical infrastructure. I would say in general, that our company has moved faster, probably considerably faster in modifying our compute environment relative to our customers. But it doesn't really create an added burden for our customers or put more cost into the system as we work with them. In fact, if anything, the interface between us and the customer becomes a little bit easier to manage. So there is no systemic increase in cost. We -- obviously, as we've talked many times, we are adding the cloud dimension to our business even as we are working to retire the premise dimension of our business. The premise dimension comes off sort of in shelves, the cloud, it sort of grows in a linear fashion as Eric said before. But we've absorbed all that into our P&L and are just -- we continue to head in the same direction at the same pace. And so it all feels very organic. With customers; it's really nothing, but good for customers. And it doesn't add an additional burden for them. And Lee, I don't know, if you want to just talk a little bit more about the specifics.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So obviously, an important dimension of our business across all the verticals we take a three-tier approach to selling. So we have account representation where -- we have people who are owning our end-to-end relationship with our customer. Then we have product specialists, whether they be data analytic solutions or software solutions. Almost everything that we do is very technical. And so we do need people who are focused on specific parts of our product suite to go in, present credentials, work on issues of integration, et cetera. And then thirdly, we have inside sales to help us cover what -- in some cases is the fairly long tail of smaller customers inside of our market spaces. Generally, we find it a good use of money to expand our go-to-market team and we're always looking to do that. And the only other thing, I would say and this ties a little bit to the point that Lee, was just on, as we make acquisitions, which are inside of verticals that we're already serving one of the things we think hard about is, how are we going to integrate the two. And I will say by the way that, that we had ambitious plans for Genscape integration and the team has met all of their marks. And so it's gone very, very well. But one of the places where we're fairly slow to take any cost out actually is with respect to market representation. So as we say integrate something that we acquired, we actually want to hold on to the go-to-market resources as much as, as we possibly can. And then we're always asking the question would more be helpful. I mean, in general, I would just say that, I've really been pleased and impressed with what our teams accomplished in 2019, in terms of building our book of business. So, yes, it's always on our mind. We've always had the same structure. We always lean into more investment in that area when it makes sense.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. No, it's a good question, and it does relate to the fabric of our company. So bottom line for me is, that I would only want to see us in software businesses that have the potential to yield data assets that we can use and reuse for analytic purposes. That's really sort of the bottom line. So there are core transaction processing platforms that tend to exist in all the verticals that we serve. And to the extent that those particular platforms are unlikely to yield any sort of data rights, then it's just less likely to be of interest to us. That's the first dimension of it. And the second, sort of relates to the first. And that is, what we're really interested in is what we call platformed analytic environments. So we want to be the place where somebody who is trying to make a decision goes. They go in the morning and they stay there much if not all of the day. That's our ambition. That's where we want to be. Almost by definition, if that's the nature of the software you're providing, then you are close to the datasets. So, that's really the distinction that I would trace for you here.
Scott Stephenson: So we're always looking at the mix of assets we've got. But I would say that, I think we have done a fair amount of -- the kind of work that was expressed in those three moves. We'll always keep our eyes open, but there is nothing major, which is imminent. To your question about synergies across the verticals, we have re-purposed energy data into the Insurance vertical. We're looking at opportunities to tie together observations from retail banking with consumer forms of Insurance. So that work is always going on in the background. But the thing I would really highlight for you is, all of the technical work that Eric described before. This is the kind of work where it would be more burdensome for any one of our verticals or even a business unit inside of a vertical to take it on, on their own, because these are pretty large expenditures. And if you're going to do it right, you have to really commit to these things. Eric, talked about the work you have to do to transition to the cloud, or to create a data fabric inside of the platform data environment that we provide to all parts of Verisk. And not only does doing this work excellently in the center, provide acceleration to each of the businesses inside of each of the verticals, but it really represents a very cost efficient way of doing it as well. And so that is – that's actually to me one of the large major points of logic as to why we should be in multiple verticals. And another one is, all of what we do in these verticals, and not every vertical has this quality, but all the verticals that we're in, the opportunity for unique, differentiated data assets exists. And that's not true in a lot of verticals, but it is true in the places where we do business.
Scott Stephenson: And Mark, let's just clarify real quick. When you talk about the effect of the health insurers coming into our ClaimSearch platform and you referred to as rolling off, what you meant was it provided -- it's not that they went away…
Scott Stephenson: Right. It represented growth in 2018 and into 2019. But now they're in, and there's all that we have.
Scott Stephenson: When customers use it, Mark, I just -- I would think a lot of them actually identify with Verisk rather than saying, "Oh, that's Touchstone," because it's a whole series of services.
Scott Stephenson: And we tie them together as Touchstone, but I think the customers are relating to the overall brand Verisk.
Scott Stephenson: Integrations are right on-track with both of them. We actually just reviewed that a week ago. And with respect to everything from cost factors to sales, they are performing almost exactly the way that we expected them to. And in both cases they nest very nicely inside of existing organizations. So these transitions have been very organic. And the pipelines are good. The pipelines are strong.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So let me just give you the perspective that really explains Verisk Analytics. We have -- and this has been true for a long period of time. Our company has grown faster than the end markets that we serve. And the reason is that our customers are rotating their own budgets in the direction of what it is that we do. They want to become more automated. And they want to become more deeply analytic in the way that they run their businesses. So you will see a lot of discussion about the level of technology spending on the part of the companies that populate the verticals that we serve. And that in and of itself is a very constructive trend. But you have to actually take that pool of spending and break that down further into sort of data center, keep the lights on, sort of spending versus the platformed analytic environments analytic objects that we provide. And even within the technology category there has been a rotation in the direction of what we do. So, if you're looking for explanation, in terms of where our business is, and where it's going to go, that is the driving force of what our companies are trying to do. And the fact that because of our vertical approach, we understand their issues. We have deeply intimate relationships because we sell -- in the case of Insurance, we may be selling up to 20 families of solutions to our customers. And from all this depth of relationship and all of the data that they make available to us, it is really the perfect place from which to try to think about the next thing that they need and work collaboratively with them to develop it. And that's why our business grows. The actual macro environments inside of Insurance and energy, I mean, they sort of wax and wane, a little bit. But I don't -- those will not -- in my view have explanatory power in terms of the growth of our business in 2020, 2021 and on.
Scott Stephenson: Yes, great. Well, thanks everybody for joining us. And as Lee mentioned, we'll have a number of follow-ups with you and look forward to those. Thanks for your interest. We'll speak with you soon.
Lee Shavel: Sure. And Manav, thanks for the question. I appreciate that. Very simply, we aren't providing an estimate of the cost savings for a couple reasons; one is that this is a multi-year project as we are rolling out these transitions across many data sets, many individual businesses. And while we're tracking it on each of those bases, and we look at each of those situations as test cases, where we can see the savings, we can see the return on capital for the investments that we're making because of the rolling impact of us achieving some savings, investing in the transition over time. We don't want to create a fixed benchmark. I think from our perspective, our view is that, this activity will generate both operational improvements, in terms of lower OpEx relative to this function. And so there will be a margin benefit that supports our overall margin improvement objectives as well as EBITDA growth ahead of revenue growth as well as capital efficiencies that will boost our return over time. But given that it is deeply embedded within our businesses and something that we're managing as part of their full technology spend, it's not something that at an aggregate level we are going to provide that full estimates for that reason. But we absolutely have seen those benefits in the projects that we have executed within specific data sets in the businesses and we will expect that to kind of roll forward as we prosecute this initiative overtime.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, thank you, Andrew. I appreciate the question and the consistent focus on margin. We bring the same discipline in looking at our overall business. So I appreciate the fact that what you've recognized is at the core, we are generating very strong and consistent operating leverage in the businesses on a pre-investment basis. So in the fourth quarter, we did see that margin expansion for all of our core businesses before the impact of our breakouts, which include Geomni as well as the impact from our acquisitions. And so we -- it certainly shouldn't come as a surprise that Geomni was a significant impact in terms of investment in the fourth quarter of 2019, as it was in for the year as a whole. And so that element will certainly benefit from the transaction with Vexcel. So at least that component in 2020 should have a substantially reduced impact overall on margins, but that's balanced then again, of course, the ongoing investment in our businesses that we make on a return basis as well as the impact from acquisitions. Our long-term objective continues to be to generate EBITDA growth in excess of revenue growth on an organic basis and to improve that margin over time. And I think going into 2020, we feel as confident as ever in our ability to achieve that.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Toni, to give you some sense that from a financial impact standpoint, I understand, you want to get a sense from a revenue perspective, that we would kind of roughly estimate approximately on -- in the fourth quarter there were approximately $8 million of revenues associated with the image capture business that will be moving to Vexcel. So that gives you kind of some sense of the scale. From an EBITDA standpoint there is not a material impact from the impact of those revenues. So kind of roughly equivalent level of EBITDA expense associated with that. But on a year-over-year basis, we are expecting the benefit of eliminating the costs associated with the individuals and the flight operations associated with that image capture business that we will no longer continue to bear, even though we will continue to have access to all of that data on very preferential terms looking ahead. So, it will clearly be a benefit to us from an EBITDA perspective.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Gary. So a lot of elements, I'm here, so let me try to give you a couple of components of that. So I think the statement that we made in the third quarter with regard to not being able to make substantial headway on the expense for Geomni in the fourth quarter is accurate kind of specific to the overall entity within our GAAP results. Naturally, the Vexcel transaction will be moving a substantial part of that expense, not all of it, we will have operating expenses associated with our analytics component of that business that will be retained. But in excess of the majority of the expenses will move out of the business. But the margin uplift with Insurance really wasn't driven by cost savings within Geomni. I think it was just the natural operating leverage within the business as a whole. And specific to the energy and specialized markets discussion there our market and cost intelligence business and the strong growth that we experienced within that business as well as cost discipline at Wood MacKenzie was really the primary contributor to the margin expansion within that business and for the business as a whole. And so there we are benefiting from a very strong growth in that product and relatively low associated expansion within that. So I think that is when we look at that margin strength there were certainly some component of it within Insurance. But a lot of that benefit came from those activities. So as I mentioned with regard to Andrews comments, I think all of those effects we think will put us in a very good position to continue to work towards that margin expansion objective that we have over the long-term in 2020.
Lee Shavel: Sure. So, I'm going to -- I'll take a first cut at it. And I'm sure Mark can provide some broader perspective on it. So, I think, as it relates to the InsurTech dimension, our view is that it contributes to incremental growth across two dimensions; one is that we have a group of new clients that we are serving in a traditional context with our industry-standard products and other data sets. But the other dimension is that they are bringing innovation, new ways of doing things that is putting more of the focus around our traditional customers to utilize data more intensively than they may have in the past. And that is creating new opportunities for us to develop products to support their needs. And our LightSpeed suite of products is probably a perfect example of that dynamic. And so it is -- I would describe it one level as accelerating the demand and the expansion of analytic objects in demand for platform analytics that has enabled our underwriting and rating business to generate levels of growth as you've seen in this quarter and that probably wouldn't have been expected two years or three years ago. So I think that's one dimension of it. And we've spent a lot of time thinking about the life opportunity, and I'll hand it over to Mark to describe how we see that opportunity influencing and providing incremental growth for us.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thanks, George. So whenever we talk about the margin impact, I wanted to kind of start with the fact that the important thing for all of our businesses is that they have fundamental operating leverage that allows us to deliver on EBITDA growth in excess of revenue growth, because we think that's the fundamental value creation driver for that business. And so we look at each of those businesses and every business has a different margin dynamic, but we want to make certain that, that dynamic is present, and we have the ability to improve upon that over time. So when we are looking at acquisitions, George, we are fundamentally making a capital decision and a growth decision, in terms of, is this going to be a good use of capital. Can we generate a good return on the business? And what we can do to enhance it? And beneath that is their operating leverage that will allow us to continue to generate that EBITDA growth over time. And so when we talk about our organic constant currency revenue growth, yes, we are making that adjustment, so that we see that dynamic across our business as a whole. We tend not to be overly focused on the portfolio impact of the acquisitions because if it is a good return acquisition and it has operating leverage, then it will allow us to generate that EBITDA growth over time. And I think talking about it in individual acquisition like Genscape, which is going to come in at a lower margin than the rest of the business, that will naturally have a portfolio impact. But what we can -- we hope to generate with that business and its association with Wood McKenzie and generating incremental returns and incremental margins should really drive what we're focused on, which is that EBITDA expansion ahead of revenue growth. So, I know that isn't a complete answer to your question, but philosophically, I think it's important to understand that's the way we think about those acquisitions and their contribution.
Lee Shavel: So, I think, I gave the impact from the Vexcel -- from the Vexcel transaction. So I -- and the other, the other ones, I think, we can deal with in a follow-up call, they're not that material overall to the business, I think the $8 million is really the bulk of it. So we can probably find -- we can fine tune that with you offline, separately, but it's the Geomni Vexcel transaction that would have the more significant impact. The rest are less significant.
Lee Shavel: Okay. I would add as a case in point. We often -- you get questions about the relevance in of the Financial Services business. And as we've talked about the deal with a dataset that is in order of magnitude, if not more larger than many of our other businesses, but the expertise that we have developed in cloud technology and data analytics within that business generates a return on intellectual capital that we have leveraged in our Lens platform within the Insurance business as we're implementing that cloud technology and probably wouldn't be as effective in bringing those efficiencies and advantages, if we hadn't been dealing with that dataset and with that level of expertise. And so I think it's a great kind of case in point how we leverage that.
Lee Shavel: The other thing I would add is, I think that there is a genuine enthusiasm in the case of Genscape among the Wood MacKenzie team, for the ability to utilize that data and integrate it in their analysis and the products that they're serving for their clients. So every time I'm in contact with Wood MacKenzie, I hear their enthusiasm for utilizing that data. FAST is more recent, but I can tell you, I think the -- on the Insurance side, particularly on the life side, our ability to work with them as we described before high level of excitement about what we can potentially accomplish together.
Mark Anquillare: So let me basically say it this way, I think, there's two types of InsurTech's. One is, I'm an insurer or probably a managing general agent on underwriting business or at least trying to find business. There what they are looking for is to get into business fast and automate. And that drive towards automation, drive towards technology has been a wonderful opportunity for us. And we have had some great sales there and it is accelerated growth across all of Insurance. There's also InsurTech, but they're trying to do some technology around data and information, and although probably on the outskirts could be competitive over time. So we certainly keep track of them. I guess the theme that I'll bring out, which kind of may tie together a couple of questions is, our customers are interested in content, that's King. But at the same time, they're pushing towards automation. They want is seamless ecosystem. So they can tap into any data, or any solution, whether it's their own or third-party. And they expect through a series of APIs and micro services to be able to consume that information or consume that application in a very seamless way. And I think that is a large part of why we're thinking that the fast acquisition will help us quite a bit. It is that light touch, quick implementation, low upfront cost, that life insurers are looking for. And we see the same thing, probably P&C is a little bit of ahead from an analytics perspective, but we see the same thing for our P&C customer. So, hopefully that provides a little broader color.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. I'll just -- I don't want to answer too many times. But case in point is inside the London Insurance market. The expertise and technology associated with the Verisk Financial Services assets were combined with kind of ISO expertise to build a platform there that has been kind of changing some of the London market transaction processing. So it'll be very effective.
Mark Anquillare: So, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. So, first of all, I want to start with the Insurance business as a whole was very strong. We think of it as a portfolio and we're very pleased with the interaction with customers and where we've progressed. Specifically to Claims, I think there's three things that we've seen over the course of a little longer term and clearly short-term. One, I think we've talked about some of the extensions we've had really on the claims fraud or claims fraud detection side of the world related to outside of P&C health companies and like, where we've brought some kind of -- some big customers in and that has kind of rolled off. But more specifically as it relates to the fourth quarter, clearly the injunction affected us. We weren't able to deliver the growth that we've been delivering inside of Geomni, that was a negative. And the other thing that was clearly changed or different in the fourth quarter of 2019 relative to 2018 was a relatively modest set of storms. There was a very quiet storm season. This isn't about catastrophes. This is just severe weather throughout the nation that had quite a bit of impact on what I'll refer to as the Claims business. So those two things. We're kind of the anomalies in the quarter. I will reinforce the underlying business, the underlying economics remain very strong. Customer engagement very strong. And I think the mission we're on with regard to automation and automating claim adjusting is kind of the theme inside the industry. So we remain optimistic.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. And I'll just add to yours. I think from a brokering theme perspective, clearly, they're looking to differentiate themselves that they are providing analytics. I think most of that analytics, at least, the way we've seen it, is sold into and provided to the corporate customer, where we're more on the insurer side of that. I think your second question was around pricing and pricing impact. So commercial line's hardening market, if you will. I think the short answer is that, if our customers are growing quicker, there is more opportunity to focus on top line, focus on dancing and potentially purchasing new solutions to foster that growth. So, I think it's a friendly environment when everyone is growing and it's probably more opportunities to buy new solutions or extend them. We do have this wonderful solution inside of underwriting and rating our ISO business. When it is a difficult period or it's a soft market, people have to go back to the actuarial fundamentals. They have to go to fundamentals around how I underwrite because they want to be profitable. So clearly that supports our business as well, but I think everyone is in a better shape with a high tide floating all boats. Last question, I think, it was around LightSpeed. Let me say it this way. The way we've packaged up LightSpeed is, we are trying to take and in the world of Insurance, I'll use personal automobile, you can get online and you can get a quote pretty quickly. But what typically happens is after you get that quote, people then run all the different reports to get information about you, whether you're in an accident, whether you're impacting history, less accidents. And all of that motor vehicle record data, all that costs money. So they then run that information and they more or less changed price in about 35% of the cases. That's a customer-unfriendly way to go. So we are pushing this data forward strategy. We are trying to move to point of sale, so there is no separation between buying a quote that is more attractive for consumer. And we are very uniquely positioned in the commercial lines market because of the data and information we have, more so than even in personal lines. And that strategy, that approach has been gaining quite a bit of receptivity among major customers both large ones and those InsurTechs we're talking about. So, when we talked about LightSpeed, it's a package of solutions and products and many, many insurers are buying pieces, and a few very large ones have signed up for what I'll call the full package. So that has definitely been contributing to growth inside of our underwriting and rating business.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So let me kind of walk through those. I think you were talking about loan verifier. You were talking about Life Insurance and some unstructured data. So let me start with the final two, because in some ways they're connected. So Life Insurance, we think provides a pretty big opportunity for us. We do have some solutions already available. So think about our catastrophe modeling, what we refer to as extreme event modeling. We do work along longevity models, mortality shock model. Think of pandemic, coronavirus, we do that type of work and that fits into some of the Life Insurance models that are necessary and interested. What we're also doing is, we're doing work around model that it relates to specific underwriting decisions. So that is around partnerships with the medical inspection bureau, which represents a group inside of life around, I'll call it, physicals and health. We've done some work around electronic healthcare records and doing some analytics there. The two analytics that you're most focused on, we have done some work around tobacco. We've done some work around avocation. If you're kind of like the skydiving, that doesn't make you the best risk. And kind of combining some of the technology that Eric and his team were talking about with some of the specialists we have from an Insurance perspective, we have used some voice recognition technology, which allows us to understand things about your voice and whether there is an indication that may lead to tobacco use, as an example. So, hopefully you can kind of understand one small example of how it fits into a) a wonderful technology group helping Insurance business extend into Life Insurance. And FAST provides some of that. Hopefully, that responds.
Mark Anquillare: So, I think one of the things that we would love to do is part of automated adjusting is do a quick look. So this is a what I'll refer to as low severity type of crash, small dollars, but highly frequent. You can do a quick review and make payments. So we have some abilities to take a look at images. Just think about machine learning and understanding a couple of things. One is the image legitimate and accurate based upon time and date and stamp and things like that. Was it manipulated? But we go beyond that to do a few more things. One, we're saying is, it's eligible or not. Should it be complete loss. And then two, if it's eligible, we can do a quick estimate as to what it's going to cost to repair it. And those are the type of things that advanced analytics provide to automate this process. And it's a quick way to do things that have typically taken quite a bit of time and effort to in the past. Great. Bill, I think you also talked about loan verifier. Loan verifier is another important idea for us. What it does, though, with any of our really differentiated ideas, it does take us time to aggregate data. But what we are working with is, working with insurers to get information access to a lot of that information behind the scenes. So that we can connect those folks who are on the loan side of things, think of the banks, with those insurers who are kind of ensuring that risk and piece those together. Some of that information we have in-house. At the same time, we have a very strong standard stewardship approach to things. And we can only use data for use cases that have been provide to us. So we are working with insurers to validate the use case and I honestly bring on customers. So hopefully, maybe a little long-winded, but a full answer to your questions.
