Frank J. Coyne: Thank you, Eva, and good morning. In first quarter 2012, we delivered good performance of almost 11% revenue growth, 17.5% diluted adjusted EPS growth, and strong free cash flow growth. We continued strong performance in our businesses, and we are seeing benefits from our 2012 invoices and the improving performance of our P&C insurance customers. In 2011, P&C industry premiums grew 3.6% versus 1.5% percent in 2010. While the 2011 industry premiums don’t figure into our invoices until 2013, we are happy our customers are doing better because that does represent new opportunities for us. In the first quarter, our risk assessment revenue grew 5.2%, after adjusting for the impact of a transfer of some revenue to Decision Analytics, reflecting the continued value we are delivering to our customers. In Decision Analytics, we grew revenue almost 17%. And our Insurance Solutions and Decision Analytics grew about 11%. Our healthcare solutions continued on the growth trajectory we saw in the last half of 2011, growing revenue over 30% organically in the quarter. And we also were pleased to have the MediConnect team join and look forward to their contributions in the future. In mortgage, we continue to see challenges in the market and our revenue declined apples-to-apples. But I would note that we grew our underwriting solutions at a faster pace than the origination market grew. Overall, our consolidated organic revenue growth was 7.7%, consistent with the expectations we discussed with you last year, as mortgage continues to weigh on growth. Excluding our historical mortgage business, organic revenue growth was 9%. We continue to have conviction around our margin and overall profitability. Our EBITDA margin was 45.9% in the quarter, and diluted adjusted EPS growth of 17.5% was along very strong. We remain disciplined about our use of capital and focused on delivering shareholder returns. We were pleased to acquire MediConnect this quarter and put about $350 million of that capital to work to generate returns. We also bought $39 million of shares in the quarter as we manage our buyback as part of our broader capital allocation plan, including acquisitions. We remain consistent in our approach to balancing uses of capital. As I look towards the remainder of 2012, I am excited about all the verticals we face and the teams we have in place to deliver growth from our markets. Now I’ll turn it over to Scott to talk about our progress against some of our operational goals.
Frank J. Coyne: Well first on the pricing, we look at our pricing every year based on enhanced value that we bring to our customers plus their actual growth for the year that we have in reports that they submit. So it’s too early for me to really applying on what our pricing might be for 2013. But as you saw with our – on the second part of your question, I mean we’re optimistic because we are you know we add that wind at our face now for few years and now it’s turning, so it certainly gives us more flexibility. And on the second part of your question, I’m pleased that extra mortgage we had a 9% organic revenue growth for the quarter and that’s a good sign and I like the assets that we have and I like the potential that we have for organic growth going forward. So, we still hold on to our aspirational targets.
Frank J. Coyne: You know, as I said I really it will be premature for me to talk about pricing, but that’s a reasonable assumption.
Frank J. Coyne: Yeah, it does. It frees up opportunities for our customers to look at additional products of ours that they have and interest in, but didn’t have budget for. And the selling cycle shortened somewhat when our customers are growing.Kevin Mcveigh – Macquarie Research Equities: Great. Thank you.
Frank J. Coyne: Yeah, thank you. That’s something we spend a lot of time on. One thing I would point to is you may have noticed that last year we reorganized some of our P&C assets. We pulled assets from actually five different operating units to create various underwriting. And part of the purpose of doing that is to present a more unified coherent face to our customers in the underwriting space. If you look at our position in the P&C marketplace overall and you think about the different disciplines that are at work there, we’re very, very strong with respect to rate making and all of the associated process that goes on in front of the regulators. We’re very strong in the claims function; we’re very strong in catastrophe modeling. In the underwriting discipline, where a presence of the relative strength of our competitive position is not as great and so one of the things that we’re emphasizing is just that and so the reorganization, the naming of a talented executive to run that business for us. All of that really reflects our ambition to become bigger, stronger in the underwriting function and it’s early days, but we do think that this new approach is beginning to yield what we’re hoping it would.  Another comment would be that, we’re just very focused on the cross-selling opportunity and so we’ve done what we have done for sometime and have to really make sure that account management is a very strong function for us and basically representing the full range of solutions that we have for our carrier customers. And those are the kinds of things that we do, there is nothing, I mean the reorganization was obviously a point of time thing, but a lot of it is just as long steady approach presenting all of our capabilities to the customer base and being a good partner. Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company, L.L.C.: Great, thank you.
Frank J. Coyne: The climate and science part of our business is actually starting to find a little bit more traction in the commercial markets, which should overtime both get bigger as a percentage of the total and be somewhat steadier with respect to the revenue profile.
Frank J. Coyne: So let me describe. I think what we said during the year-end call is that we can see the mortgage business declining similar to what we saw in the quarter, which was a 7% decline. We said we could see the negative aspect of the market being to that level throughout the course of '12. And to your point, I mean, what we’re seeing is our business on the front end, just would relate to the underwriting side of things, growing faster (inaudible) build on the customers and that is growing faster than mortgage relation bonds as a whole, but, unfortunately the one customer trending down is more than offsetting some of that good news that we’re seeing on the existing customers. So we think we are well positioned. I think we remain very optimistic for the future because we are improving our position inside the market, but it’s a challenging one at this point.
Frank J. Coyne: All right. Well, thank you for joining us on our first quarter results, and we look forward to speaking with you again and we continue to thank you for your support.
Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you, Frank. We have a number of things on our plate that we believe set us up for future growth, both from a sales and technology perspective. First on sales, we continue to ensure that we have the best teams facing our customers, and we have made some new hires in that area. We are also ensuring that our holistic solution sets are being sold to decision makers. One of the powerful elements of our organization is solutions that can interoperate. Our competitors typically do not have this advantage. For example, our Verisk Insurance Solutions underwriting team has been in operation for a full quarter now, and we are getting good feedback from customers on this approach. On the technology side, we’ve recognized the importance of technology and are continuing to invest behind our platforms, in particular, to deliver better solutions to our customers. We’ve talked earlier about the unified healthcare platform, and we are on track for that to be completed in 2013, with a series of interim deliverables. As we mentioned when we talked to you about the MediConnect transaction, that acquisition does not impact this initiative, and we have other investments including our next generation platform for catastrophe models, which many of you saw as a part of our Investor Day. And then we have host of new claims tools including mobile tools, which can be used to settle claims via smartphones and tablets, while standing with the customer next to their damaged property, as well as Aerial Sketch, which can be used to calculate the cost of repairing a roof without the timer hazard associated with having to climb onto the roof. We remain focused on data and analytics, and recognize that the way they are consumed is tied to evolving technology. The power of marrying our long history of data with forward looking analytics by our customer friendly technology is unparallel. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mark to talk about our corporate financial results.
Scott G. Stephenson: Bill, thank you. Let me just kind of recap a little bit what you’re trying to get to there are two things that affect us in the second quarter. First of all, relative to first, we do have salary increases coming through, those salary increases as I mentioned is about $3.3 million. That's an item that we’ll continue obviously into second, third and fourth, so that’s something kind of model through the year. 
Scott G. Stephenson: The vote of on equity awards that were just granted in April because of the nature of accelerated vesting on determined age; that does cause a bit of a one-time item that affects second quarter. So a, the 2012 equity awards are bigger than the 2009, that’s kind of rolling off and these are rolling. So we talked about the 4.7, but a good majority of that 4.7 relates to this accelerated vesting. So that item will affect second quarter and then it will go away for the third and fourth very similar to last year or so.
Scott G. Stephenson: To that point those are couple dimensions along the MediConnect that I mentioned that should probably cause a little bit of trough in the second quarter as you noted.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, this is Scott, Bill. There is quite a few things that we’re doing on the Xactware in front of you that rise to the top of the level would be, we’re very excited about the content side of the business. You may know that Xactware historically has been about estimating the value of the structure, but something on the order of 40% of the value overall is in the contents. And the use of automated tools for estimating contents really has not emerged yet fully in the same way that it has on the structural side. And so, we’re very excited about that. Second thing is, the business is finding its way into overseas markets. We sort of have our launching pad into Continental Europe, pretty well established now in the UK and via existing customer relationships, we’re actually reaching over there. And it’s going to be a long march, but we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing. Third thing is, the tools that we use on the insurance side are also useful in the OREO market where the property owner has to keep track of what a cost to maintain a property that’s moved into OREO status. And so, we’ve actually just introduced a line of solutions into that marketplace, and again it’s kind of early days, but we’re encouraged about that. And then, I think you know that the kind of the syncopation inside of the business today is that, our tools are now being used for the adjusting of well over 80% of all residential claims. On the underwriting side, for ITV calculations our share is not that high, but it continues to go up and carriers find it very compelling to think about using the same analytic engine and same dataset for both underwriting the policy on the front end and adjusting the claims on the back end. So we find that the market continues to come to us on that approach. So, a variety of things that are working side of the business, and we do remain optimistic about the growth potential for the business over longer periods of time. There were some exciting things that happened in 2011 that contributed to that 30% plus growth rate, some very large customers coming over into our column. And so, there were something a little bit extraordinary about 2011, but we do remain very optimistic about the business.
Scott G. Stephenson: I will tell you. We have not spent a lot of time on it, because I don’t think it was much of an impact. Remember we’ve always been talking about the acquisitions of [property] in 3E, because they were purchased in December of 2010. So now as we go forward, 1Q '12, 1Q '11, we have an apples-to-apples and the combination of the newer acquisitions, MediConnect and HRP not affect the margins to bigger degree.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, let me take the first part of that, this is Scott, as it relates to healthcare. We are working hard on integration. I just would like everybody to understand that there are actually two different forms of integrations that are now working inside of what we’re doing in healthcare. The first is that we’re trying to unify the data analytic platform, off of which the individual solutions are built. And that has to do with coming up with normalized data models and creating a data warehouse structure that can serve all of the different aspects of what we do, whether it’s trying to add value to claims or it’s trying to engage in risk adjusting, et cetera. So that’s one thing which is ongoing. I mentioned earlier that that’s a project, which continues through 2013 and that will hopefully and should and we plan for it to work to the benefit of all of the different sets of solutions that we provide into the marketplace. There is the second integration, which we’re now undertaking, which is related to the MediConnect acquisition and basically there is, and we are going to feature in a way that we operate, a strong linkage between three things that we do. One is chart retrieval and abstraction, which is what MediConnect does, HEDIS reporting, which we already do, and risk adjusting on behalf of plans that are seeking Medicare reimbursements. Those three businesses actually have a lot of, logically relate strongly one to the other. And so, we are at work even now to try to pull those operationally together so that we can present yet more integrated and streamline solutions to our customers. I guess what I want to emphasis with respect to result is that we are just in the process of integrating right now. So I would not really attribute anything in our first quarter 2012 healthcare results to the integration work that we’re doing.  On your second question, which is the investing we’re doing to achieve these new platforms. There’s actually two major streams of investment, which are going on. One is the unified platform in healthcare, and the other is the next generation platform supporting our catastrophe models, and that’s the number that you’ve heard us reference before. It’s not all just been healthcare.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we’re going to have to look at that, I think that – structure needs to follow function and I don’t know that we’ve actually sorted that out, I mean the HEDIS is inside of enterprise analytics today, this is our own structure and then the other piece the Medicare is revenue integrity but will, we’re working first on the organizational integration of those so we will see. James Friedman – Susquehanna International Group: Okay, thanks for taking my question.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think that’s a good approximation. It’s a little bit tough to have that level of visibility, but we continue to believe that’s about right.Eric Boyer – Wells Fargo, LLC: All right. Thanks a lot.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, Suzanne, this is Mark. I appreciate the question. The first quarter, as we said, there is a little bit of seasonality to it. When we talked about seasonality at year-end, year-end also kind of rolls into January. So there is a little bit of positive wind that still flows through. I think that we are still comfortable with the discussion we had. I don’t know if we have any optimism about second quarter or view too much into what we saw in the first quarter. So, hopefully it’s a little bit of a positive, but I would not change anything we described relative to the Mediclaim call where we talked about growth consistent with the past.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, let me just describe. Last year, well, we did run into, inside of the specialized was government and budgetary constraints, but that caused a little bit of a downturn towards the end of the year as government kind of shutdown for a piece. The other thing that I will remind you is that we want a very sizable contract. It grows our contract (inaudible) so we had that growing very quickly until we got to a point where we had this growth on that contract. So you saw last year towards the quarter, the fact that the contract did come, of course through the full year. I think what you’re seeing now in first quarter, feels like a reasonable growth rate and I think we’ve (inaudible) and I would call normalized, I think we found some consistency.
