Lee Shavel: So Toni, thanks for the question. I think we've been focused on those -- on the year-over-year results. And when we look at this quarter's year-over-year performance from a margin standpoint, I think it's important to understand that if you take the timing -- compensation timing impact of about 1%, the margin in the second quarter of 53% would have been 54% versus 54.4% in the prior year period. And so that certainly is I would -- we would describe as flattish. And at the same time, recognizing that we have been making some significant investments in Geomni and telematics that have been accelerated as we've ramped up in particular, Geomni. And so we are making those investments with the expectation that those will be contributing to our margin improvement over time as we reach scale in those businesses. So I think it's the financial dimension, and I'll turn it over to Mark to provide some additional color here.
Lee Shavel: Gary, this is Lee. So for all three of our segments, our expectation that all of them have the ability to meet or exceed our long-term targeted 7% organic constant currency growth rate as well as to realize the operating leverage and achieve EBITDA faster than that. And so I think one of the challenges for investors, which we certainly empathize with, is that given some of the large contracts in contract transitions in the business made it difficult to see the underlying growth within the business. And so we wanted to focus on really developing the bottoms up approach to the business that Lisa described in each of the four solutions areas. And I think in those more traditional -- in the kind of the foundational benchmarking areas, those are probably mid-single digits growth elements. And the fraud, bankruptcy, enterprise data management, marketing spend analytics are newer, higher-growth businesses that we think contribute to achieving that 7% growth.  So no change in terms of our expectations of what the Financial Services business can achieve and can contribute to our overall growth rate, but there has been a shift in making sure that we're delivering that on a more sustainable and granular basis and that investors have greater clarity on that growth, which certainly I think within this quarter is a clear step in that direction.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So thanks for raising that. Within Energy and Specialized Markets, I think it's important to note that in this second quarter that a large part of the decline in the revenue, in fact, the largest single element was an FX gain adjustment, which reduced margin by approximately 2%. That's a function of the dollar-pound exchange rate and valuation of our net current assets that influenced that. And so that would -- absent that impact, which fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter, we would have had a higher margin. In addition, that margin also bears approximately the 1% impact of the timing from a compensation standpoint. So absent those two nonoperational elements, it reflects the operating leverage and the margin expansion that we are experiencing in the core business while at the same time investing in new initiatives like Lens and the breakout areas like subsurface, power and renewables and those elements. And so I think we feel very good. This -- the quarter, the numbers are distorted by that compensation timing issue in the FX. But overall, from a pure operating standpoint, we actually saw margin expansion.  And if I may, I want to emphasize this dynamic to go back to Toni's question around the Insurance side. In each of our businesses, putting aside the FX impact as well as the timing issue, all of our Insurance businesses saw an expansion in their operating margin. And so that's the underlying operating leverage that drives our margin up. And then we are deliberately making decisions from an investment standpoint with the breakouts in terms of how much of that do we want to spend down with an overall objective of increasing that margin over time. And that's -- we think that's a very healthy dynamic. It's important for continuing investment. But it's also important to understand that absent that investment, we are seeing net operating leverage and that margin expansion improve as we grow. It's just that when you look at the net number, there are various nonoperational impacts and investment impacts that are affecting that. Does that -- hopefully, that addresses your question.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. I'll echo the investment we're making. I think the thing that I always like to emphasize is that inside the investment, what we have seen is our top line organically growing quicker, which means our bottom line EBITDA cash flow is growing quicker. So I think that's been successful. We have been disciplined in the way we spend and invest. And I think there is scale clearly in the business as we take on pretty big investment in something like aerial imagery and IoT. So I just want to provide a little bit of color that I think we've had quite a bit of success in the growth side of things.
Mark Anquillare: Great. Thanks, and this is Mark. So let me first talk a little bit about LightSpeed. Inside of the insurance process, there has typically been a two-step process. First, you provide a quote, and then people run what is typically all the reports and gather the information. There's a cost there before they bind the policy. So what we have attempted to do inside of our kind of ecosystem is create a very automated approach so they can flow this business, that's a term of ours, they can be completely automated, more accurate, more efficient. And we're bringing all the data needs up-front. We call it our data-forward strategy. So that represents kind of a different way of going to -- go to market. You can actually provide a quote, bind it all in one. Just an example, you talked about digital engagement. On the personal auto front, on a car insurance, about 33% of all quotes you get online change after people do that work. So very poor experience. And what we've done is we've taken things like motor vehicle reports, loss histories, prior losses, prior coverage, all the things about the driver and brought that up-front. And that has been adopted, well accepted, and we have a nice success on the insurance front. That kind of moves across auto, the homeowners and even into small commercial. That is our theme, and that's where we're headed.  I'm going to now flip over to the question on Sequel. Just to remind everybody, Sequel solution set which is, for the most part, all of the software to a service policy, starting from the up-front, within underwriting on to claims, all of that very much a industry standard inside the London insurance market, primarily around things that what I'll refer to as ISO. And most of Verisk hasn't been as focused on the non-admitted market, meaning the specialty lines, the really complex risks. What we have attempted to do is use some of that technology in some of our products here. But more importantly, what you saw in the press release is for specialty or complex insurance risk, we are going to bring Sequel to the United States. We seem to have quite a bit of interest. We are leveraging the teams in place, both on the claims side and on the ISO side of the underwriting side. And I think we're very optimistic that inside that niche specialty market, we have a solution that can win today. And we're optimistic.
Mark Anquillare: This is Mark. Let me try to address that. So the opportunity with Geomni is very much focused on, first, ensuring that we have coverage, frequent refresh of those images. And with that, that library of information, our first step was really to address the claims-focused solutions in the insurance space. So literally, by using those advanced pictures and some advanced analytics, we can get measurements and do repair cost estimates for the claims departments from the sky. They then use maybe some desktop adjusting but, for the most part, a majority of that is done in a very automated fashion, saving a very significant cost to the insurers as well it's safer and more accurate. We have opportunities to bring that into underwriting as well as to the world of cat modeling.  But I want to highlight though that as much as our first use case was insurance, there's probably and there is bigger opportunities outside of the insurance space. So we have partnered up with some folks that are doing construction. We're doing work in the solar space. We're doing work across various verticals where that imagery and those exact measurements are very helpful. And Geomni is contributing nicely to that claims category inside of our growth rates for insurance.  So it continues to be investment-oriented. Keystone accelerates that investment for us because it replaces what we have to buy in the form of sensors, meaning big cameras as well as the planes. Keystone has it. They have operations. They have pilots. So this will accelerate our path to strength there.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So Scott here. And in reverse order, the PowerAdvocate suite is doing well. The traditional customer set for PowerAdvocate has been utilities. A lot of the motion in the business has been taking the same kind of solution into the oil and gas space, which is one of those places where PowerAdvocate is advantaged by being tied to the business with very substantial footprint we've already got in the oil and gas space. And then over on the traditional Wood Mac side in the oil and gas space, basically, there is a lot of interest in what the Lens platform provides, which is essentially more real time and more integrated into the customer workflows. And so it's essentially doing what we thought it would do, which is positioning our content even more deeply in the customer workflows. And that's the direction of travel. Basically, as the United States has sort of been differentially adding to the global supply curve, the U.S. environment is one where you're making operating decisions all the time as opposed to the traditional offshore decadal kind of investment cycle.  And so the need for real time, the need for more benchmark kinds of data just goes up, and that's exactly what we've been positioning for. So it's -- one of the leading metrics there is the rate of adoption of Lens among the oil and gas companies, both the integrated globals as well as the more pure-play E&P companies. And we're very happy with what's happening there.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. Scott here. It has two effects on our business. So one is, if you think of InsurTech as a category of digitally enabled innovations, this is one of the things that actually our customers and all of our segments are looking for. They themselves are trying to transform their businesses making use of digital methods. And so here we are with our particular solution sets. They are rotating their budgets in the direction of making use of modern methods. So that's just a fundamentally constructive factor across everything we do basically. But in addition to that, when people refer to InsurTech, partly what they're talking about are new companies that are basically using digital methods fundamentally to change the distribution of insurance, the sourcing of insurance, customers presenting the insurance product to the end user.  And so these are some of the companies that get celebrated as startups that are -- sort of kind of present a new face to the insurance-consuming world. We've done very well with those companies as customers. So here they are. They're inventing a new insurance company. And we find that they just -- that they have voted with their feet and basically want to use our industry-standard solutions so that they have the benefit of efficiency, fighting fraud in effective way. One of the big issues you have when you emerge as an insurance company is you don't have a lot of experience. And so how are you going to anticipate where your losses are going to be and at what level? That's one of the things that our solutions just give you right out of the box. So it's really gratifying to see how many of them come our way when they form and then all of a sudden -- and I've had a chance to visit with the CEO -- even recently with the CEOs of some of these highly celebrated, emergent insurance companies. And they just -- they really, really like being a partner with Verisk.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So the first thing that motivates us on this is access to talent. That's the thing that this is really about. So the reason we like Kraków so much is, as we expand our business in Europe, especially Continental Europe, having high-quality, technically deep people who also will get steeped in the verticals that we serve, having them right there to interact more easily with our customers is a really, really nice feature here. And then I'm glad you picked up on the point I was making about talent because that really is the wellspring for our company. And there's no question that everybody -- we have about 9,000 associates at Verisk now. Everybody really counts. There are some of the technical disciplines that are the ones that are particularly in demand. I ticked off a few of those, so being able to make cloud architectures that are secure and really work, sort of data science as in the transformation of the data.  There's also a big data engineering dimension always to what it is we do. And so there's no question that over the last couple of years as we have built those communities of people around Verisk differentially, the additions have been overseas between what we do on -- in Continental Europe, both in Spain and in -- now in Poland, we have added quite a few people in India. And so as a percentage of the additions to the team that we've made, they're coming more not in the United States than in the United States of late. Of course, we're building both sides but relatively, it's even more overseas. And I don't see that changing. But it's -- and it is constructive from a cost point of view as well. But to me, that's just a marker actually of supply and demand. And we're just trying to make sure that we are in as many places as a, we intend to serve; and b, can provide great talent.  And the last thing I'll just emphasize again is the develop ourselves mentality that we have here. We feel very rewarded for having gone in a direction that I think by degree is at least is a little bit different than what some other companies do. Because several years ago, we recognized if we're just going to count on our ability to go into the market and hire already experienced people, we're essentially saying, "We're going to let somebody else solve our challenge, the talent challenge." And we said, "Well, no. We can do better than that." And so we've just gone very early into the talent pipeline. And we have felt very rewarded doing that.
Scott Stephenson: So Mark, you may want to add to this, but I'll just kick off. So in the United States, we are approaching what we would consider full coverage now. You have to understand coverage as both the square miles that you are imaging, but also the frequency with which you are imaging them. And so with respect to will we be able to reach all the important corners of the United States, we're very, very close to being there. With respect to the frequency of the refresh, that may always be something of a moving target. These data sets are not commodities. And one of the ways that you make them to have the quality of not being a commodity is the freshness of the data. So we will always be taking account of customer needs and competition in order to determine how frequently are we refreshing the images. So when you think about coverage, you have to think about both of those.  With respect to overseas markets, we actually already do, do some of this work in other places. And basically, the methods that we develop, the ability of the team to automatically interpret the image sets, that works everywhere. So as we build out our franchise generally -- and insurance is one of the killer apps for the -- for remote imagery. As we build out the Insurance franchise globally, I think it's very clear we will want to come in behind with these methods. But it'll -- it's -- we still got plenty of room to run in the United States, and then we will sort of build it I think organically and consistently with the rate that our Insurance franchise grows outside of the United States.
Scott Stephenson: Okay. Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us. We've scheduled a number of follow-ups with you. We look forward to that. Thanks for your interest and talk to you soon. Have a great day.
