Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. We really are not -- we haven't sort of tried to describe our health care ambitions in that way. What I would say is that we are counting on a broad-based approach to growing our health care business, meaning -- as I think many of you know, we have actually a pretty broad portfolio of solutions and that, we consider to be part of our strength inside of the health care space. And I would also say that, as I think, again, many of you know, there's a good fraction of our mix which relates to the world of Medicare Advantage. And one of the things that's true about that world is that we -- that there is just a very nice demographic trend inside of that world where, as America continues to age, one; and two, aging Americans seem to really like Medicare Advantage as an option. That's actually a nice tailwind inside of our business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. Tim, let me -- this is Scott. Let me take the second part of your question, and then I'll ask Mark to speak specifically to the reinsurance piece. Just kind of the way to understand the P&C space and our role in it, generally, I would say a couple of things. One is, I think, some of the folks that are involved with us maybe have a little less history perhaps with the company, but there was a period back in the mid to latter first decade of the 21st century, beginning around 2008, where you had several consecutive years of softness, actually negative premium growth. And during that period of time, our insurance business always grew. And I just want to make that point as a general statement about the value of what it is that we do and the fact that we actually tend not to cycle around all that much with what's going on in the insurance cycle. I don't mean to say that there is absolutely 0 effect. But generally, we've shown our ability to continue to add value and to work through that. But more generally, I -- the real kind of tone that I would want you to understand is that we're almost -- regardless of where we are in the insurance cycle right at this moment, insurance companies really are going through kind of a quiet revolution, where, I think more than ever, they are really embracing data analytics as a way of running their businesses. And so we find that this is a very opportune time to engage deeply with our customers and to try to understand what their emerging decisioning needs are and to speak to that. And we really feel that our opportunity is primarily on us. It's really a function of how intimate are we with our customers and how quickly are we moving to help them solve their emerging issues. So just in a very general sense, certainly, I understand that folks want to be watching what's going on in the insurance cycle. But our view is that, that's not really what determines our outcome. And our history has tended to actually reinforce that point of view. But now -- but there are certain things that go on, cat bonds or events, and Mark talked about the way that we actually put our reinsurance products out there. So Mark, maybe you come back now and clarify on that particular point.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, so the -- really the -- all we're trying to acknowledge there is that even within -- so health care margins are where they are. And actually, when we look at where we stand relative to other, say, publicly reported health care data and analytics companies, we feel good about where we are, but there is some mix effect even inside of what we do in health care. And so that's really what Mark was referencing in his comments, and that's really all he was referencing his comments.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. We've -- you heard us correctly. We're saying that we expect our margins to be flattish year-over-year. We do want to call out the extraordinary one-time expenses associated with closing the EagleView acquisition. And as we drive forward on the revenue front, the mix of what we do in health care will interact with the margin outcome, but you heard us correctly in terms of our net on all of that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. This is one of the really exciting things to me because, as I think many of you know, when we talk about Risk Assessment, these are the most legacy parts of what it is that we do at Verisk, but we -- we're really of the mind that there's nothing that we do that is a mature business because we're always asking the question, "What do our customers need? And where is it going?" So just to make sure everybody understands the couple of the things we're doing. So Electronic Rating Content is really the digital instantiation of our intellectual property inside of our industry-standard programs. And I guess, the easiest way to understand it is, we put out that IP, and in the past, there's been a fair amount of both interpretation and I don't want to call it coding exactly, but digitization of our content in order to get it into the -- our customers' platforms, into their policy admin platforms so that they can actually take our content and drive a rate, a price, for an insurance policy. And so what we've done in Electronic Rating Content is we've made our content much more consumable than it was previously. So that would be -- that's what that is -- and by the way, I'm not sure if I heard you quite correctly, but I don't mean to say that all of these are just brand-new. We've actually -- these are things we've been working on for a while. Another thing which is really big is that I think that our -- I know that our customers now just really get it, that predictive modeling, for purposes of rating and underwriting, actually, are just -- that's almost a requirement now in the insurance industry. And basically, because of the depth of our data sets, we have some real advantages in terms of building some really good, really sensitive, predictive models. And so that's definitely a part of what we're doing. In Risk Assessment also, we're actually trying to take the capabilities that we've got as it relates to creating an engineering view of a commercial building and use them in other ways. In particular, we're exploring opportunities and finding some interest in using that same engineering view of a building to help in a commercial real estate lending situation. So that's some work we're doing. Mark already mentioned sort of in the excess and surplus markets, and this can also relate to the reinsurance markets, finding a way to take non-catastrophe observations about properties and use them -- and put them alongside of the catastrophe kinds of observations that we're already making. So those are a few examples of the sorts of things that we're doing. It's all around, just as everything we do, is it's basically all around trying to help our customers make better, more precise decisions in a more efficient way. And I'm really pleased and proud of our teams for the way that they're really aspiring to get to the next level of value.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So -- I mean, I think you anticipated the answer in your question. There's really no comment that we're going to make on this given that the process is ongoing. But with respect to your second question, which is the government-enabling commercial providers of satellite-based imagery to increase the resolution of what they're selling, that is a trend that we're very closely following. And in fact, we ourselves make use of satellite imagery to a fairly substantial degree inside of Verisk today. So that whole world is very important to us. But I believe what your question is trying to get at is, is there any substitution effect from that more increased level of satellite imagery versus the aerial imagery we're talking about, and the answer is a definitive no.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, there -- I think there are 2 things that are going to apply in terms of -- if we're talking specifically about the RQI revenue streams. I think there are 2 things that will apply that relate to scalability. One is, if and as the U.S. health care world becomes significantly more oriented towards electronic medical records, there will be an efficiency in terms of the retrieval of some of the data. And I would also say that there's just a mounting [ph] ability in the world generally to take unstructured and semi-structured data and to turn it into usable information. And both of those things, I think, will put some wind into the sails of the efficiency with which the process can be managed. An overlay on all of that is, I'm sure many of you know, that the -- sort of the schema for describing what's going on in the health care world, with respect to the kind of the diagnostic side of things, is going to become significantly more complex as we move from ICD-9 to ICD-10. So there will be a moment-in-time effect of just everybody having to respond to that basically. So I just sort of observe that as kind of an overlay to those otherwise 2 trends that I was just talking about. So our goal remains exactly what it always was, which is to create analytically differentiated businesses, and we continue to want to work on that. I think that it's kind of a long march as it relates to health care generally and I think, particularly as it relates to the RQI kind of business, because these trends that I'm describing are not the kinds of trends that are going to sort of flip overnight. And so that's kind of the landscape here, and I think it will be a progressive agenda, but kind of a long-term agenda.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we're very motivated to see the analytically differentiated highest-margin parts of what we do grow. And actually, in the third quarter, we actually had some very nice, encouraging news on that front, I would say, particularly as it relates Payment Accuracy.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, that -- I mean, that effect is not a part of what we see in -- what we're anticipating in Q4 versus Q3. It actually -- the -- and when you say project work, I just want to quibble with the word a little bit. It -- what it -- what we do on the services side of that business is take our analytic products, those that we've already, in a sense, built and find ways to apply them very specifically for individual customers. And so the point I'm trying to make here is that even our services work feeds off of the intellectual property that we accumulate in aggregate in the form of products, and that's part of why that business is also so appealing to us, in addition to the fact that it really helps us to be very hands-on with our customers and very intimate. But mix shift inside of what Argus does is not really a substantial part of the story there. It's a very balanced set of 3 different ways that the business is growing, and they're all very healthy.
Scott G. Stephenson: It was not a pull-forward. There's just -- there's a rhythm to the business. It's what we've been talking about for quarters and quarters, and we're experiencing that rhythm right now.
Scott G. Stephenson: That was a moment in time that was with very specific accounts. And it almost feels like ancient history at this point because things move so quickly. But there's -- we need to make sure that the value is where the customers need it to be, and there was a moment in time where we took some steps to -- where we were willing to trade off a little bit of price for volume. But I would not, in any sense, encourage you to think that, that's some major effect inside of the business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. I mean, I think that -- we were trying to get at that maybe with one of the earlier questions, which is what we're really focused on are the kind of the fundamental drivers underneath. And in all 3 of the divisions inside of our health care unit, we feel that substantially, our opportunity hinges upon the amount of value that we bring in to the market. And then, the overlay of that is that there is a definite tailwind associated with the demography of the Medicare Advantage world, and it's really kind of at the intersection of all that. But I think substantially, how well do we do our own work, that will determine our growth rate going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: We just haven't really put that -- we haven't really put that out, Bill. I mean, the thing I want to keep emphasizing on health care is that we're on a journey, and we know what an excellent differentiated data analytics business looks like because we run several of them. And we're not, in any sense, trying to represent that, that's where we've got into with health care yet, and yet that's our aspiration.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, the thing I would say about the Argus business particularly is that the business was really sort of birthed with some very differentiated data assets, and we continue to try to build differentiated data assets. I would say more of the -- well -- and achieving additional differentiated data assets in economies around the world is a very important part of the strategy at Argus and is an agenda that we definitely, definitely lean into. And I would say, in addition to that, that the other thing that is really going to apply with respect to the growth rate of Argus is the ability to transform the data assets into analytic output that really makes a difference for customers. And one of the things that will be really important inside of all of that is customers, in addition to the -- our traditional base with our banking customers. And we have a lot of focus on that, and that -- it's very exciting that, that creates just essentially greenfield streams of revenue, which we're pursuing pretty strongly. And that's an agenda which I think has real legs and will stretch over a considerable period of time. And when I'm saying all of that, what I'm really referring to is the advertising, promotional effectiveness, the mention of what it is that Argus does.
Scott G. Stephenson: So a couple of things about that. One is, I think the burden of proof is on us in anything that we do where we have already established the foundation of the business, meaning we're already sourcing the data, we've already platformed the solution. Any business which is like that, I think, the burden of proof is on us that we can't improve the efficiency of what's being done there in a way that the margins were going to advance. That's actually the way that we think about it. So anything that we're already doing, our leaning and bias is how do we make that more efficient and therefore, how do we make the margins of that go up? Now I will say that with some of the -- for example, Mark laid out there where our RA margins are. Those are very high margins. And at some point, you're all-in margin begins to look a lot like your gross margin because the below-the-line costs are relatively a small enough fraction. So just the math tends to say that there's some natural upper limit on it. But still, the point I just made does apply. That's the way we think about it. The counterbalance is that we want to be on the move with our customers, and so we want to be always developing new things. And there's definitely adoption curves as it relates to any innovation inside of any of our markets. And you do have the upfront investment in order to get position to give that -- to be there with that solution. And you're developing not only the technology, you're also developing the marketplace. So that's just my way of saying that we're going to remain investment-minded. And the net of all of that to our way of thinking, a very healthy place to be on all of that, is the long-term view that we shared with you, which is we're in that 45% to 47% range. That's -- I think those are, just by almost any standard of comparison to the market, extremely high margins. And we think that, that represents a balanced place where we'll continue to push for efficiency on the one hand, but investment on the growth on the other hand.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I just want to keep pointing you towards that range. And you can see, actually, we sort of popped through the top of the range this quarter, but that's the way that we think about it over long periods of time. And I also want to say that, yes, we have the model in mind, for sure. But at the same time, it's not as if we say, "Oh well, we've got this much money to spend because that then gets us in the margin range we're looking for." We're actually thinking hard about, on a project-by-project basis, "Does this deserve funding? Does that deserve funding?" And that's really how we get to the outcome.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, we thank all of you for your time this morning and for your interest in our company and appreciate the opportunity to talk about the third quarter. And we look forward to speaking with you at the completion of the next quarter. Thanks very much for your time.
Mark V. Anquillare: So thanks for the question. I think what we continue to say is we think the business is incredibly strong. We are well positioned. We do not see anything that would be of concern. There's no contracts that left. There's no customers that left. So there is a bit of a "push" from third to fourth. There's also some cases where it's just pushed off. So I would expect a return to normalcy. I would not expect any surge in the fourth quarter, as you would kind of think about numbers. It's a subscription business, and I just want to highlight that there's -- it's tough to have surges, if you will.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So one of the things that we're pretty excited about is, inside of a lot of the Verisk businesses, there's quite a bit of teamwork and collaboration. So what we had done inside of a Touchstone module that's an AIR module, we've tried to combine the kind of best parts of Verisk Insurance. We have the cat risks. We have the non-cat risks. And what we've also done is we've brought in our reinsurance products into that. So these would be kind of big size of loss type problems. And we've bundled that for both reference and access through Touchstone as well as through what we would refer to as our typical industry standard programs. And that kind of contract, the way we're interacting with customers is the much more holistic approach. It's more annualized contract with customers. So that's a part of the transition as we think about kind of better ways we can kind of leverage of all the great parts of Verisk.
Mark V. Anquillare: The RQI business is a little bit more labor-intensive than some of the Payment Accuracy and Enterprise Analytics businesses, and that's an element of how we have to manage.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. Thanks, Denny. It's a good question. This is Mark. The transaction volume you're alluding to is driven really by the second half ramp-up in RQI, so that's the Revenue Integrity business that we've talked about with Medicare Advantage. So that's the transactional uptick that you see. You'll see that in the third and probably fourth. It's a -- notionally, health care is kind of a 40% first and half -- first half of the year, 60% second half of the year story, and you're seeing some of that.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. Thanks for the questions. This is Mark. I mean, what we were trying to do last quarter was we were trying to illustrate that we were ahead of last year's pace and we had volumes that we're ramping and we were doing the work to execute and show -- and demonstrate that execution. I think what -- we are at the point now where basically the volumes have trued up, if you will. So we didn't point to that metric anymore because I think you can kind of see those volumes in the execution in the revenue growth. So I'm not sure I'm answering your question because I don't know specific answers about the records that have actually retrieved. But we know that the retrieval volumes have more naturally synced with the rev rec, and that's what you're seeing in the numbers.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think the math would suggest that. But I mean, I would not read too much into that. I think we're kind of on a good pace right now, and we expect to continue.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes, sure. I mean, I think we continue to think about acquisition as a part of how we best and most effectively deploy capital, so we're on a constant search. As a matter of fact, as a part of the multiyear plan that we're on, we made it explicit. Everybody is a part of the M&A team. So I think what we've seen is an influx of ideas and opportunities that we're chasing. And I think the most natural places to go, I think we've talked about, we always love to find a good insurance asset, but even one that has a little bit of an international flavor, I think that's interesting. We continue to think about health care frequently. And I think inside of what else we can do with banks and marketing effectiveness is on our agenda. And finally, supply chain. There's more and more interest in what we can do for not just insurers, as you think about business interruption and supply chain, but for manufacturers and chemical companies and the like. And I think there's a couple of things we can do to fill out. So we are kind of moving in all of the more natural verticals, trying to get deeper and wider. And I think we feel good about the opportunities that are out there that we have to now find, price and more specifics.
Mark V. Anquillare: So from a pension perspective, a couple of things occurred. We did increase our pension a few years ago. I think it was 2012. And more recently, shortly thereafter, we actually funded the pension. We were underfunded, we funded the pension. What you're seeing now is obviously, in the last couple of years, the "benefit" associated with that, also, in large part, because the liabilities are generally unchanged. But what is changing is the returns, the asset returns, the market has done well. So you're kind of seeing the net of that inside of what expenses we recognized inside our P&L, and that's what's been disclosed.
Mark V. Anquillare: I apologize. I have a little problem hearing you. But I'll try to give you the answer. I think you're questioning -- for the most part, the liability basis generally can be unchanged because we've frozen pension plan. And now it relates a lot to how the assets performed in the market itself. So think of it, the fixed income portfolio, bond portfolio, as well as equities, and that's -- that affects the expense you recognize each year. It shouldn't vary too much, but that's the variables.
Mark V. Anquillare: So I think what I'd like to do is kind of break it down in a little bit more detail without a very specific answer to it, Andrew. As you can see, the way we kind of organize things, it's inside of the loss quantification, that's the Xactware business, continues to be strong. I think we would continue to see consistency there. Our AIR catastrophe modeling business, I would tell you that just, from a sequencing perspective, that was down a little bit in third quarter. I think we would expect that to come back a little bit in the fourth quarter. And then, claims business has been pretty consistent all year. So when I think about kind of the return, it's really more around 1/3 of it, and I think we would get back to kind of a run rate. As you think about the full year, year-to-date, we should get down -- we should get back to kind of a "normalized" level. I don't think -- which is the heart of the answer here. We have not lost any customers. The market position remain strong. We feel real good where we are customers, and I just want to make sure I share that with those who are listening.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think we have some implementation items and maybe a couple of contract signings that I can specifically remember.
