Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you, Frank, very much. These are exciting times for Verisk, and I'm really very pleased that we will have the continued guidance and counsel that Frank will be providing as Chairman of our board. As you all know, we have strong team running our businesses on a day-to-day basis, and you'll be hearing directly from many of them at our Investor Day on March 7. Our deep industry expertise has made us successful and will continue to help us enhance and develop new analytic and data-driven solutions for our customers now and into the future. Another driver of our success is our culture of innovation and continuous improvement. About a month ago, our leadership team was together and we had a chance to talk about the ways we can continue to drive innovation and the analytic mindset throughout our 6,500 employees. Our teams are energized, and we have a good crop of investment opportunities that we will be funding in 2013 and beyond. For example, remote-sensing and imagery is one of those. We are gathering images that can be used to identify risks beforehand and then quantify them afterward. Something else that we talk about a lot is the idea of the N+1 data set. At Verisk today, we have about 5 petabytes of data, which definitely qualifies us as a big data shop. Our creativity in analyzing these data to develop new solutions will allow us to make our individual proprietary data assets into new data sets by combining them with other data sets. If there are N data sets in the world, we can have more insight by creating N+1. If our customers have N data sets, we can create more insight by creating N+1. Always, always looking to add more value. With that, let me turn it over to Mark to cover some of the financial results in more detail.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So let me ask Mark to just address the pace of the investments, and then I'll come back and talk background and talk about payback.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. And with respect to payback, you have to differentiate among the things that we're talking about. So some of them are for efficiency. And those are going to kick in relatively sooner. So for example, the consolidation of our data centers down to 2 primary data centers is the kind of thing that should be paying off even as we do it. So that's a '13, '14 kind of an item. Some of the things we're doing that are essentially clipping more value into existing product platforms should also have relatively faster paybacks. I mentioned in my remarks upfront, making use of remote imagery. Basically, what we're doing is bringing more data into existing solutions, data which our customers have very clearly indicated they'd like access to. So again, there, you've got categories where the paybacks are pretty quick. Some of the other things we're doing are kind of replatforming existing solutions, where we're creating a much more comprehensive environment in which our customers can do their work, their decisioning work. And those are going to be a little bit longer. Those might be more kind of 3-ish, 5-year kind of windows even though benefits will start to occur closer to today. But the profile of the revenue is probably going to be a little bit further out. In all cases, we think we're talking about very strong value propositions. And I just want to comment on, again kind of following up what both Frank and Mark said, I mean, it's really great, actually, the fact that our existing businesses are generating these very substantial organic growth opportunities. I mean, it's coming from within the businesses. We're definitely asking for investment. We're definitely asking for emphasis on growth and organic growth. But it's really encouraging to see the quality of the thinking and the scale of the opportunities that's coming from our existing units.
Scott G. Stephenson: So we are working on that. It's extremely important for us in the healthcare space. And it's not something that actually we're going to put a lot out in the public about right now, Bill, because it's a very critical thing that we're doing and it's very proprietary to us. I will say that it builds upon 2 strengths that we've got inside of the company. One is the fact that we already aggregate claims data on the P&C side, so there's a methodology there that we can reference. And secondly, we're already aggregating medical claims in the P&C domain. And it's really quite obvious that streaming together medical claims from the P&C domain with the formal healthcare space is actually a very powerful thing to do that has not been done before. With respect to who it is that's coming into our approach and the rate at which they're coming into our approach, I mean, that really is kind of -- we're right in the middle of all that, Bill. And we're really not sharing very many -- we're not sharing very much about that right now because it is so critical and sensitive. But I will say that it is an idea that seems intuitive for the healthcare space.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I mean, basically, the work that we're doing is to look at all of the lines of service that we provide and to think about which of them are most valuable to our customers and which of them can be [indiscernible] the most. And actually, there are some lines of service that haven't even really been much a part of the business previously than in 2013, we're going -- we expect to do some merging. So it's even a little more nuanced, Bill, than just front and back end. It's also sort of multiple ways in which we can serve the originator.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Within our own experience. All right. I thought maybe you were referencing the market. Yes, catastrophe modeling is a very important discipline inside of the P&C space, and it is going to remain one. There, something to understand about it is that there are multiple ways that, that set of services grows. One way is by modeling new combinations of perils and geographies. And it's -- we're considerably far away from all perils and all meaningful geographies being modeled. And so there's growth there. One of the investments we're making to replatform what we do is actually inside of what we do on the catastrophe modeling side. And fundamentally, what that's about is taking the discipline from being aimed at making portfolio kinds of decisions, carriers working on their reinsurance with their reinsurers and vice versa. All of that will continue to be the case. But it's also about taking the same modeling capabilities and actually applying them on a risk-by-risk basis in the underwriting process for the primary carrier. And that also is going to represent some growth. And so there are just a number of things which are involved in it. And I just want to help everybody to understand that it's actually a very multidimensional thing that goes on there. And so we really believe that it is a -- it's a category with legs over a long period of time. And we believe that we have a very leading position. You may have noticed that we had a very, very disproportionately high share of all the cat bond issuances in 2012. We think that in many ways, that's the purest form of competition in the cat modeling space, representative of who has the best science and technology.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. Just, it's a kind of -- I'm going to almost repeat myself what I was saying about cat modeling. What Argus does is multidimensional, and it's important that you understand that. So the business has historically been aimed at aggregating data to understand the credit card product line. There's a big opportunity to try to understand demand deposits and other products which come from the retail banks. There's a geographic expansion dimension. And then there's also moving from focusing primarily on product design and pricing considerations also to -- because of the data that are a part of what the supply that Argus receives, there's also a big opportunity to move into looking at issues of fraud. And so again, please just understand it as being very multidimensional. And essentially, what's going on is a number of those themes are active. They were active in the fourth quarter of 2012, and they'll remain active going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. So it's something that we're very focused on. We review this very routinely with the business unit, and we're pleased with where we stand overall. We have customers who are live, being served with the unified platform, powering our solutions on the back end. That is particularly true in the payment accuracy part of what it is that we do. Next up, and importantly for us, is having the same unified platform hooked up to and supporting our solutions in the Enterprise Analytics division of what it is that we do. Ultimately, it will be all of Verisk Health. But Enterprise Analytics is up next, and that's a 2013 deliverable, so -- and where we have activated customers against the platform, we and they have both been very, very pleased with the result.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. I mean, the primary benefit of what we're doing there is that we create access to our data stores for all of our existing solutions, as well as the next one that we develop. And because of that, in effect, what we'll be able to do is to say to an existing customer -- and I think you all know how important cross-selling is to our growth. What we'll be able to say to an existing healthcare customer is, "Because you're already contributing data, you're essentially already in our environment." So if you want to turn on another solution, the cost and time to do that is extremely negligible. And we believe that, that's going to help accelerate cross-selling.
Scott G. Stephenson: It is more stand-alone, though it's not entirely stand-alone for a couple of reasons. One is, we are, at the enterprise level, looking to integrate substantially all of our data assets. And so what we should have the opportunity to do then is to make observations about consumer credit, consumer demand deposits, the personal line side of the insurance space, even potentially healthcare, make integrated observations in order to, for example, do an even more comprehensive job of rooting out fraud. And so I think Argus has a big data shop in and of itself, has something powerful to contribute on that front. And then I would also say that we are certainly exploring maybe individual product level opportunities, where Argus observations about consumers might be able to be tied into work that we're doing, particularly on the P&C side as it relates to fraud findings. But the shape of the P&L, I think, will be substantially based upon the customers and the product sets that Argus has.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I'll say a couple things. The first one is that we apply ourselves to making the mortgage business a distinctive Verisk-like business, just as we do with everything we do, which means always trying to infuse it with higher-level analytics, with more proprietary data and a robust stream of new solutions. So we don't take any different approach in terms of the running of the business nor will we take a different approach. What I would also say is that we're just always alert to thinking about the shape of our whole portfolio. We try not to think of anything as being sacred but always putting things to the test of: Is there value? Is there increasing value? What's the nature of the external market that we face, et cetera? So in that sense, mortgage is always being reviewed in the same way that the whole business is always being reviewed. And we don't ever turn off that part of the thought process.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, not very much at all. Very, very de minimis. And the effect would be just negligible on the P&L, if it did occur, I mean, we -- mostly through our weather-related analytics, we do a fair amount of work on Earth-orbiting satellites, et cetera. Apparently, these are more considered to be critical programs. But the real point is just the absolute amount of business we do there is so small that it just won't have much of an effect.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we remain very active in the marketplace overall. Our team is constantly proactively engaging with companies that potentially fit with our strategy. Absolutely no difference in approach from where we've been for years and years and years now. Just a general point I would make is that as we have diversified our business, as we've moved into new market segments, et cetera, we've just given ourselves a broader playing field. And we're just going to continue to pursue it. You've seen a fair amount of M&A activity in the healthcare space from us. And there's certainly no reason to expect that, that would change. But we're -- we've got our headlights out there against the whole business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we've talked a lot about the fact that we feel the need to be very deep in whatever vertical markets we're serving because it is really, really important that we be intimate with our customers. In fact, we can't even -- N+1, as it relates to our data sets, is interpreted in several ways. It means that we're one layer further than our competitors. It means that we're one layer further than any one customer. It means that we're one layer further than the data assets that we've got today in terms of what we're building towards in the future. So it's a lot of -- it has a lot of different dimensions to it like that. Unless we are intimate with our customers, we don't actually know what N is, so we don't know that we're at the N+1 level. And so that's just by way of saying that we are in 4 domains right now, as you know: the P&C market, the healthcare market, supply chain and financial services. And we'll talk about this more at Investor Day. But we've got plenty of distance to run inside of those marketplaces. And we would not claim that we've achieved the very greatest amount of intimacy that we can with all of our customers. That's good work that we're still engaged in. So that's all by way of saying that while we're always asking questions about the shape of the business and where are we in terms of the markets that we serve, we have a great deal of focus on going further inside of the segments that we already serve. And I think you can expect to continue to see that from us.
Mark V. Anquillare: This is Mark. Let me just give you a quick overview. I mean, I think we continue to feel very optimistic about healthcare. It's a combination of new customers, as well as growth and penetration within existing. So as we think about the overall health of healthcare, seeing a combination, both increased penetration as well as new, is healthy and reassuring. So all I could tell you with regard to the interpretation from the quarter is I think what we try to do is be realistic, and our healthcare assets continue to perform very well.
Mark V. Anquillare: So what we did back on March 1, 2012, we froze our pension. So that was really kind of a one-time decline because we now have, in essence -- I don't want to say off our books, but the actual increased liability is gone. So we should find steady state into the future as long as discount rates remain relatively unchanged and the stock market doesn't do anything wild that would affect our asset value. So I would suggest basically flat into the future.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, I think what we've always tried to do is really focus on our insurance customers as a whole. And we don't want to think of Risk Assessment industry standard as a silo. So we've commented on kind of inflationary type of increases there with a focus more on the overall insurance customer and growth there. And I think we do anticipate increasing growth or increasing organic growth in insurance across the board. But I wouldn't attach too much to the Risk Assessment [indiscernible].
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. So what we try to call out and identify is some of that tax planning strategy had the benefit of a lookback. So we gained some benefit looking back from 2007 to 2011, and we got to pick that up in the quarter, and we get about a $2 million benefit going forward. So what you see is the normalization of that amount. And the lookback is about $0.04, if that helps you.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think we feel -- again, feel the opportunity is promising. We feel good about the growth there. But I don't think we're going to give any specific numbers around healthcare.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. I think one of the things that we feel good about is as we look for innovation across our businesses, we've had people step up with some interesting opportunities. So we obviously want to invest quickly around good long-term prospects. I would tell you that it's probably a little bit more first quarter than second quarter but not by much.
Mark V. Anquillare: So let me -- I'm not sure I'm going to quantify, but let me qualify it. I think we are feeling good about an increased level of organic growth in insurance across the board. So I'm talking about both the Risk Assessment, as well as the category of insurance inside of Decision Analytics. So I think the answer is yes to your question.
Mark V. Anquillare: Here, it's a little bit different. It's more transactional. So you do contract for multiyears with either a mortgage lender or a mortgage insurer. And you get integrated, so you're tightly integrated, you're tightly embedded inside their processes, but it is transactional. So there's no guaranteed minimums. There's nothing that would guarantee an amount. It's just you're the source when they choose to run that type of analytic.
Mark V. Anquillare: I would need to actually kind of work through the details, but I believe that we're getting back to that normalized level, maybe a little bit. We're still above where we were back at that day because we've grown the business, we have more customers. One thing I want to let you know, and we've talked about this, is we used to have what was a couple very big and concentrated customers. The level and nature of the solutions now is much more spread across customers and products. So the quality of the revenue is improved, as we think about kind of into the future.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think we try not to give real specifics. But I think there is probably -- I think we've tried to talk about the investment kind of offsetting the scale, so I think we should be around there.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think, exiting the quarter, give me one second, Bill, I referenced it. I want to just get you [indiscernible]. So exiting the quarter, we had 172.2 million shares.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, let me just -- I think what we've seen is -- let's do full year, I'll go kind of a pro forma basis. I think we saw greater than 20% growth at Argus. I think we see them delivering. And you're right, the actual results for the 4 months that we own them was greater than what we originally advised. Scott, let me turn it back over to you.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. I mean, the margins that you saw in the first half, or what we did as part of our filing, that continued into the 4 months where we owned. And I think we -- I think very similar to a lot of the Verisk products, that you have a wonderful brand with some real value add to the customers that will ultimately provide leverage and scale as it grows. So we feel good about the margins then. They are very strong and consistent to what you saw in the first half.
Mark V. Anquillare: So we're looking back. We typically focus on the MBA forecast, Mortgage Bankers Association forecast. Is that was your question is, I'll make sure.
Mark V. Anquillare: No. Let me just make sure. I'll say it again. I said that we expected the industry-standard program, the invoices are out, and they grew at an inflationary pace. There was an increase. It was an increase, just inflationary kind of similar path. The point that I was making was that we just don't look at industry-standard programs as a silo. What we're interested in doing is making sure we sell more to and grow our relationship broadly across Risk Assessment and Decision Analytics to our insurance customers. And we do see an increase in growth rate across the total relationship as we think about '13.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, I think one thing you do need to factor into this is the pension freeze that we talked about, the $13 million, is a combination of cost of goods because there's people working on product. But it's also about the people that are providing support functions. And remember, if you think about pension, a lot of those people are, in fact, retired. So that affects the SG&A number also. I would generally expect SG&A to grow slightly slower than the top line. We would expect leverage and scale there.
Mark V. Anquillare: I mean, I think it's a little bit above 20%. I think what we did -- said at the time of the acquisition, that we kind of saw mid-teens growth in the future. We still feel good about that.
Mark V. Anquillare: So just to give you a feel. We've gone through a couple reiteration [ph] of freezes. But back in March, that was put in place across the entire Verisk enterprise. So there's nobody accruing any additional benefit related to pension. Obviously, what anybody earned in the past is obviously theirs, but there's no more benefit accruing.
Mark V. Anquillare: So no, what happens is we receive the benefit and what we would expect now is it would be generally flat going forward, as long as discount rates and market results or how the assets are invested don't change materially. So we would expect a flatness to that cost, which is negligible these days.
Mark V. Anquillare: No. We feel that, that is a sustainable rate in light of these tax planning strategies we've taken on.
William A. Warmington: First of all, congratulations to Scott on the promotion to CEO. And then also congratulations to Frank on taking Verisk from a monoline private company to a diversified $9 billion public company.
William A. Warmington: Now there's been talk in the industry about you guys developing an all-claims fraud database for healthcare similar to the ISO Claims database for insurance. And I'd like to ask if you could give us some color on that and also some thoughts on that opportunity in healthcare versus insurance.
William A. Warmington: Correct, okay. And then for the -- your thoughts in terms of your ability to offset the decline in the forensic piece with increased penetration on the front end.
