Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, we're excited about the opportunity that lies ahead. Our motivating purpose is to partner with our clients in building resilience for individuals, communities and businesses globally. The combination of our focused business model, deep customer relationships and strategy to deliver value for clients through improved decision-making and operational efficiency is a formula that will also deliver value to our shareholders through growth and returns. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk, given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. With that, I'll ask the operator, to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, thanks. This is Lee. So first let me distinguish I think from a pricing standpoint first, as we indicated in our comments and as Elizabeth just described, the overall premium growth market has continued to be strong as insurers have been able to secure some rate approvals. We think there's more progress in that regard. So I want to differentiate that pricing environment, which has been constructive. And from our perspective that is a partial benefit. It represents approximately 20% to 25% of our revenue base is tied to prior two-year premium growth. And so that provides some level of support. But I think the more meaningful element of our pricing is our ability to deliver value to our clients. We're doing that probably most significantly in the investment that we're making in our Core Lines Reimagine project, where early renewals from clients that have seen what we are doing, what we are creating, how we are improving, their experience, their efficiency has demonstrated that value. And we have been able to realize stronger pricing momentum than we had originally anticipated which we feel good about as we continue to deliver more functionality through that platform. And I would say, further I think we through the go-to-market review that we have done, we have identified some areas to identify how we can capture more value that we are delivering to our clients from pricing structures that align to identifying and identifying that value that we're creating for our clients.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Thank you, Brendan. And I'm going to repeat the question because you came through a little choppy there. So I think the question was how do we feel about a new product pipeline areas of investment? And so I would say, we're really excited about a number of the new products and developments that we are -- that we have been working on. In particular, I think, certainly a lot of the focus has been around generative AI and its application. And we've been exploring its application across a variety of our businesses. I'm going to isolate for a second on our claims business where we have deployed some generative AI, applications and are also looking at developing other applications. I'm going to ask my colleague Maroun Mourad to talk a little bit about what we're doing in that area as an example of what we have been looking to do more broadly.
Lee Shavel: And I'd add to that, Brendan. I want to give you a taste of what we're doing on that front. But as many of you know, we've been really thrilled about the success that we've had with our fast businesses application of low and no-code technology to the Life Insurance business. We believe and have begun to engage with clients on how that can be potentially applied to the P&C area. So I think that's a broad opportunity. And then we also as a more insurance-focused entity have been able to try to integrate more of our data sets in our extreme events business and our specialty business solutions area, tying together some of the functions in the excess and specialty market and the reinsurance markets as well as tying together some of our claims data and our underwriting data. And so as we have now fully migrated to the cloud, our ability to facilitate those types of integrations are particularly attractive. So a lot of the great stuff that we have underway that should support future growth for the company.
Lee Shavel: Sure, Jeff. It's a complex question, and so I think we're trying to get our handle on it. I'm going to kind of isolate on as we see premium adequacy improve and the procyclicality dimension of the business. I should probably start by saying, or by saying, as I think many of our investors and analysts understand we don't have a high degree of economic sensitivity. And so, there is muted sensitivity to cyclical effects. We tend to be more influenced as you've observed by weather events or activities in the ILS market and so those tend to have a more pronounced element to it. I do think that, there is some procyclicality elements that as the business -- as the insurance industry is doing well and we've seen premium growth that, that does encourage more investment in technology and renovation that accelerates our ability to deploy some of the technologies that we have invested in. And that is a positive tailwind in that scenario. However, I want to isolate that to insurance cyclicality. So that as their profitability grows and that may be separate and unconnected to just broader economic cyclicality, which is relatively muted. So hopefully that, I think, addresses kind of the core of your question, Jeff.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. I'm going to answer your question in a way that I think gives you some insight in terms of where we see value creation opportunity. I think first off, all of our businesses are clearly generating strong organic growth delivering value to the industry. They're at different scale levels. And so I'll reiterate that, for instance, in our forms rules and loss cost area where we focused our core lines reimagine area that's a broad area where we are creating value. And I'm going to ask Saurabh Khemka who leads that effort in that business to talk a bit about how we're creating value there. It's probably our most scaled opportunity where we can find incremental value and capture that value. Underneath the businesses as a whole and this will hearken back to Investor Day, we see opportunities to build network value. We've talked about it within the themes ecosystem where we're adding partners, which creates value for all of our market participants but particularly our insurance clients. And I'll also note that with our specialty business solutions, while 3% of our total 2023 revenue contribution represents connectivity and a network impact particularly with the Marsh announcement that allows us to build value in that network expansion. And I think that holds true in a variety of areas, property estimating solutions in forms rules and loss costs. But let me give Saurabh an opportunity to talk a little bit about where we are adding value to our clients in a variety of ways with the core lines reimagine project.
Lee Shavel: And I'll cap it off by saying another dimension of incremental growth is the ability to move some of our traditional products into more of a SaaS type of environment. And there in our extreme events business, the migration to more of a SaaS model, we believe opens up opportunity to deliver more value to that segment of our clients as well. But thanks for the question.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Surinder. So there are a number of elements and I really have to complement the organization for its receptivity, to outside perspectives, on what we could be doing better. We looked at it across all of our businesses. And certainly, compensation structure was an area of focus. And there, I think we -- there were two things. One, we looked at where market levels were both from a level and from a composition standpoint, so that our sales team felt as though they were being fairly treated, create a good opportunity and aligning our interest with the customer. And we believe that that will improve our retention and make certain that they are focused on the opportunities that generate the most value for us. We also spent time looking at pricing, relative to value and where we feel as though we're delivering demonstrable value to our clients, and how we can be more responsive to structuring our pricing in a way that aligns, with our clients' perception of value and what their needs are. So, I would just identify those as two of the primary functions. I would add, somewhat outside of this, we have also been working to make certain that our sales effort is well tied into our senior-level strategic dialogue, so that as we have driven a stronger level of dialogue, we are communicating effectively internally to capitalize on opportunities for sales on existing products that our clients may not be aware of, or we find higher support because of the value proposition at a senior level within the organization. And so, that's an area where we expect that we'll be able to do a better job as well.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Russell the one thing I would add is I think that if you start with free cash flow given accounting differences over time should even out. And so it should approximate our overall EBITDA growth rate assuming that the CapEx is growing commensurate with that. I do think in 2024, we're seeing slightly higher CapEx growth, because of what we see as a number of opportunities within the business. Part of that relates to the generative AI opportunity. And so we may have periods of higher level of CapEx investment that may bring the overall free cash flow growth down. But over the long-term we see that very -- should be very commensurate with our overall adjusted EBITDA growth.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Seth, thanks for the question. It's difficult to kind of isolate it, because it occurs across our business. I would say that certainly that those pricing improvements that I've referred to in terms of new contract renewals are factored into our 2024 guidance from an overall revenue growth perspective. So, in that regard, we're beginning to see some of that influence that our near-term expectations. But I do believe that it is a source of growth for us longer-term. And it's not a really very different than what we described as our general operating model, which is that we believe that we can create much broader value for the industry, by investing in this data and technology and capturing that particularly as we add value to our existing clients is largely value-driven pricing. And so that supports the -- that longer-term 6% to 8% growth target that we are working to achieve on a predictable and consistent basis.
Lee Shavel: And Greg, one thing that I would add and I want to thank all of our investors who participated in the year-end investor survey that was conducted. We thought it was important to get feedback after the first three quarters and following Investor Day. And specific to your point and Elizabeth's comments Greg, one very clear priority from the investors that we surveyed was a preference for internal investment kind of recognizing our ability to leverage that and generate very high returns. And so, we appreciate that input. We share the view that that's very additive to our business and will clearly be a priority for us.
Elizabeth Mann: [Technical Difficulty] takes. But zooming back on the full year, we really think there were three drivers of strength in 2023. The first was the pricing environment in the hard insurance market. The second was the transactional rebound and particularly the activity in the auto shopping space. And the third was the elevated weather activity which as you heard 2023 was a record-breaking year for cat events even though there was a single large hurricane driving it. When we think about making assumptions for a future year, we think in general that first -- that hard insurance market does persist into 2024. But for the other factors for transactional activity, we would expect that to normalize somewhat. And for the weather, we can never forecast mother nature. So we assume a more normalized level of weather activity.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks, Andrew and thanks for the feedback on the slide. We're always listening to you guys. On the auto underwriting revenues, it is largely transactional but not 100%. There is some subscription revenues in there. And the shopping activity was – in Q4, it tapered down from Q3 but it is still elevated relative to historical levels. I think for third-party data that J.D. Power data encapsulates that. I think we are assuming that it will continue tapering down to more historic levels. Even at where it is we're now lapping the benefit of the strong environment. But maybe for more on that environment I'll turn it over to Doug Caccese
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. On the marketing side as we've called out in the year -- carriers and being challenged and still trying to achieve profitable growth has not yet turned on their marketing spend. We are starting to see that tide turn and some of them are returning to profitability. The marketing engines haven't been turned on quite yet, but you're starting to see green shoots in that environment. I would say we're assuming that it will start to return to more normalized levels in the second half of this year.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question. We are continually focused on efficiency here at Verisk and looking at the next levers that we can pull. We do think in the long-term that being efficient in our core business will enable us to fund some of the investments we've been talking about, all while delivering operating leverage in the business. So, beyond 2024 is a long way out, and we'll come back and give impact on that in future years as we get closer. But that's the general concept of delivering efficiency in order to fund some investments and still have an expansion.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. Yes, you're right. Our range now as a one-year guidance and a 1-point range is a tightening from what we have said at Investor Day, which at that time it was two years out and a 2-point range. And I'll remind you that, that Investor Day range the 54% to 56% itself was a tightening of what had been our three-year margin target, which was a 3-point range of 53% to 56%. So, our trajectory over the past three years has been to increase margins by 150 basis points in 2022, another 150 basis points in 2023. And then, currently the midpoint of this guide would represent another 100 basis points on top of that. So we are balancing that margin expansion and the trajectory of margin expansion with investments in growth. The differential between the current midpoint of our guide and the midpoint at Investor Day is entirely encompassed by the three incremental investments that I highlighted that were not yet in the cards at the time of Investor Day. Those are the investments in our sales force that Lee discussed, the international expansion with our M&A that has taken place since Investor Day, and then the investments in generative AI to drive new products. So, we think we're delivering on all of our client-facing investments those -- the three ones being the ones that are particularly new since Investor Day. We're doing that while still delivering 100 basis points of margin expansion. And so, we think that balance is an attractive package. If you compound this and this margin expansion on top of what we already delivered in 2023, you come out ahead of those targets that we had in March.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. This is Elizabeth. Yes, I can comment on that. They continue to be on the path and on the trajectory to achieve that goal. They've achieved strong results in 2023. And the largest change in our growth mix in 2023 versus kind of the algorithm laid out at Investor Day, has been the overperformance of the core businesses.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Russell. We'll have to look with you at that stat on free cash flow yield because we think the Insurance business has very strong free cash flow. Again, looking at it maybe as a percent of revenue may understate the strength of it. So, we think it's been growing. I mean, a demonstration of the growth in the Q4 number, which has grown over the prior year, even though the prior year numbers still include the energy business. So we are excited about the free cash flow generation of the business. We don't give guidance on it, but conceptually it should continue to grow roughly in line with our bottom line. And I think the purest demonstration, we can give of that confidence has been the commitment on the dividend increase.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sid. As we highlight there, our capital management philosophy really focuses on our returns on invested capital. We will look to invest in the business. Our CapEx range that we've given you for the year shows the organic investment in the business. On the M&A side, we are active in the market. And we will continue to evaluate opportunities and what we see out there for strong businesses which bring something additive to the Verisk business. And those two things should be generating returns well above our cost of capital. And we assess that and continue to track it. As we highlighted in the script, our incremental returns on invested capital this year were approximately 19%. To the extent, we don't find opportunities there, we will continue to return capital to shareholders, as you've seen us do pretty consistently in the past.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. You're right. The transaction revenue is -- well, first of all it's coming off a full year of very strong transactional growth, double digit I think for the prior four quarters. So we are sort of lapping that period. The biggest driver in that elevated strength a big piece of it was the auto shopping activity that we've talked about before and the weather trends actually being another element of that transactional growth. That was actually offset by some headwinds in our anti-fraud business, as they converted transactional customers to subscription customers. So looking forward, I think we expect those trends to normalize. Again, we're not assuming elevated weather activity. The auto shopping trends will begin to normalize.
