Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, our execution priorities are unchanged as we remain focused on delivering consistent and predictable growth while allocating capital to our highest return on investment opportunities. Our focus on heightened strategic engagement with clients, both large and small, has strengthened relationships and has fostered new product and business opportunities for the industry where we can invest at scale to drive value for our clients, employees and shareholders. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Good morning. Thank you, Manav, for the question. Yes. I appreciate the focus on the 8% two-year stack growth rate because I think it does give broader context beyond what we experienced in this quarter. And to answer your question, the drivers of that have been, generally speaking, more demand for our products from the industry as they are facing a variety of challenges in - on the underwriting side, on the claims side, the value of what we have been providing to them. But also, and I think this is the element that is the sustainable aspect of it is the success that we've had in increasing our value capture from the investments that we have made across the business. And this is something I referenced in the earlier comments. We are hearing it repeatedly from clients that they recognize the innovations, the investments that we have made, and that's enabling us in this environment to capture more of that value. And we believe that, that is a longer-term trend that will enable us to continue to meet that growth, supplemented by new products and new innovations that we are adding. We continued to see strong growth in our specialty business solutions area, where we've been innovating with our white space platform, which has those very strong network effects. We have continued to see growth in our international businesses, which is a penetration opportunity for us and growth in our life insurance business. So as we said at Investor Day, we have core strength where we are adding value and capturing that value in pricing. And that's supplemented by new penetration opportunities that we believe will sustain that growth over time. And then I'd finally add that the elevated strategic dialogue that we have accomplished with our clients is opening up new opportunities to provide our products on a broader enterprise and global basis to our clients. Recent - last week, I had two CEO-level calls, visits, where we spoke about how we can help improve the consistency of the data and the analytics that they are using across their organizations for some portions that aren't utilizing our data or our analytics. And I think that is a structural and relationship benefit that we've been able to achieve, and we'll see continued support on the growth - in our growth from those aspects. On the trends sub transition, it's happening in a variety of ways. Some of it is structural. Some of it is episodic. I think that it will be a diminishing impact over time. We had some stronger elements that that contributed to dynamic in this quarter and made for some of the more pronounced differentiation between subscription growth and transaction growth.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Surinder. So I think the thing that I would emphasize is that when you look at the second quarter of 2023 and you see the 12.4% growth, this is in the investor presentation on - in - that we had provided on the website. What we're experiencing was a very high level of shopping activity in auto as a function of rising rates within that business. You can look at the commentary of that. It was kind of truly exceptional - an exceptional level of shopping activity that was driving that transaction element. In addition, as you will see in the description around claims business, we were experiencing still a high level of weather-related claims activity that was also driving that business. And so that's really what is contributing to what we're - we are experiencing a relatively tough comparison enhanced by some of the transaction to subscription migrations that are more pronounced in this quarter. As we think about that element on an ongoing basis, I think we generally expect that our transactional growth rates are ones that are generally at our broader growth rates to slightly higher because in many cases, they represent some of our higher-growth businesses that tend to have more of a transactional aspect at the early stage. So with that, I'll ask Elizabeth to add some perspective.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you for the question, Ashish. We do not break out for individual businesses that the transactional versus subscription. There are transactional elements for the development opportunities that we have within life. As I indicated earlier in response to Manav's question, that's a business that continues to contribute and add to our growth rate, generally falling into that higher - the double-digit rate that we have for many of our higher-growth businesses.
Lee Shavel: Great. Thank you very much for the question. And I appreciate we have a broad range of clients. Naturally, our largest clients receive a lot of focus because their sophistication, their specific needs. But to your point, we want to make certain that we are delivering value for the entire insurance ecosystem. One thing that I would say kind of specific to the small and the midsized clients is that proportionately, they receive a greater value from the scale that we are able to deliver to them, both from an operational standpoint and from the value of data that we provide to them because often they have a lower share of access to overall loss costs or general information. I think they benefit more from the scale competitiveness that we provide them in a variety of claim solutions. And we have not seen any evidence of higher levels of attrition or disintermediation of that range of clients within our business. And that is something that we've watched and we've asked the question around. I think one - or two points that I would make supplementally is that a lot of our clients, while they are interested in new ideas, the risk of taking on a new, small, private technology vendor is something that they think about very carefully because they have to know that some - a firm that they can rely on over the long term. This is clearly an advantage for us because of our stability, our reliability. And to that end, we have also been working, as we've talked about, kind of most significantly in the claims area of finding ways to deliver some of those new technology providers by integrating them into our systems and platforms so that our clients can receive the benefit of that, but also in - with greater confidence that we have vetted and are supporting and integrating those products into our overall systems. So I really appreciate the perspective. It's not something that we have observed in terms of the behavior of our clients. Obviously, I think a much bigger impact is occasionally, our clients decide to leave a line of business or leave a state. That will have more influence, and we haven't seen any pattern of clients in the smaller, the midsized that have been leaving to another technology provider.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Alex, I am - we're trying to relate the 8.7 that you have and the 8% was looking at our total revenue, not a subscription versus transaction. So just kind of taking into account the - or trying to eliminate the impact of that that migration between subs and trans, I wanted to point out our overall revenue growth over that two-year period at 8% was still at the high end of that range. The thing that I would say further is that there was a specific significant contract that has a function of the renewal of that contract. And some of the regulatory aspects of how that needed to be approved had to be characterized as transactional in the prior year and was a subscription is now on the subscription side. So that is an element. We're not going to quantify that within it. But I would characterize that as a kind of a specific situation that added to the weakness in the subscription growth. And beyond that, we have other - I'm sorry, the weakness in the transactional growth there. So this was last year revenue from a contractual standpoint was transactional. And now that, that contract has been confirmed and executed is now subscription. So that is an element. In addition to what I think, you can look at those historical transactional growth rates in the second quarter of 2023 and see a normalization more to that longer-term growth rate. So those are the elements. We don't think it makes sense to break all of those pieces apart. But hopefully, it's clear enough that that you had some seasonal highs or cyclical highs in prior year quarter plus some structural elements that were contributing to an exceptional tough comparison on the transactional revenue growth.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Heather. I appreciate the question. One, I'm not going to go beyond the guidance the guidance questions or the guidance statement that we've made, just remaining confident in that we've provided. I do want to try address the pricing aspect a little further. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, the fundamental dynamic almost regardless of the premium growth, which does, I think, influence it, in some cases, directly to a modest impact but also from a psychological standpoint, it's helpful. But even with those two, if we aren't providing value to our clients and they don't perceive that value then that's where we are going to run into challenges in improving pricing and driving the revenue. That's why the value of the investments that we have made in our Core Lines business and with our reimagine initiative, while one example of how we are driving value is what's critical - is the most critical factor in what sustains our revenue growth. And that's where we continue to get very strong feedback for how we are helping our clients improve the value of what they're doing. And I'd like to ask Saurabh Khemka, who leads that business and initiative to share a little bit about what we are hearing from clients and how they perceive the value of the investments that we have made. And hopefully, that will provide more context for how we've been able to overachieve on those - on that renewal pricing.
Lee Shavel: And Heather, to give you two specific examples, one product innovation has been the update to our Mozart product, which allows our clients to manage their policy forms much more efficiently because they have thousands of forms based upon product line and state and different product areas. It is a very time-consuming, laborious process to keep those updated, particularly if the reference are ISO policy forms. And so the investment that we've made is effectively in a document management platform that allows them to do that much more easily and more quickly. That's one dimension where they clearly see significant value increase. Another as we've talked about is on the Experience Index. This is where they have asked us to move further beyond those traditional loss costs that we provide to them in the underwriting process and give them a more current read on what's happening, what we see evolving. And so we are able to provide them more actionable information on a more timely basis. That provides value to them on the underwriting side, just to kind of tie that down to some specific products that we've been investing in.
Lee Shavel: Alex, thanks for the follow-up. I'm going to actually ask Saurabh talk about that - addressing your question.
Lee Shavel: And I think regardless of whether it's priced separately or it's part of the broader element, this is an example of where we expect to capture value from that greater - the greater currency, I mean, kind of recency of that data. I want to take that, Alex, just given the question and kind of broaden it. We recently did a Voice of the Customer exercise and isolated 3 primary asks that we have had from our clients. The first of which the Experience Index addresses is that they wanted more - they wanted to see greater investment in data, both broadening the data set that we have and the currency of the data sets that we have. So this is an opportunity to improve the currency and the actionability of that data set. Now the other thing that's important is that the client is also asking for more data, which means that there's an implicit desire on their part to give us more data so that we can expand and develop it. So that in and of itself creates more value for us. And we've seen a variety of initiatives and appetite from the clients in the excess and surplus area, which for insurance industry analysts will recognize has been a growing area of the - of industry underwriting. The second theme that we heard was more insights. And we talked about the emerging issues, providing greater insights from the data on what trends are that are taking place. And so that has been a key enhancement. And then the final theme that we heard from clients is connecting the ecosystem. They want us to be that that central provider building network aspect so as to improve the efficiency that the overall system and their ease of operating within that. So all of these elements I share because their reflection is not entirely of us saying, this is what the industry needs, but what we are hearing from clients that they expect from us given our role, given our centrality and the data sets that we have.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks, Lee, for characterizing the factors that impact our transaction growth, and you can see the historical trends of it in that earnings presentation that he referenced. I think for mechanical reasons - well, first of all, it is variable over time. It's inherently harder to predict. We don't try predict the weather. But that inherent variability for some of the mechanical factors, for example, the conversion of transactional to subscription, that can have a one year - that effect can persist for a full year after a subscription locks in. So I just want to - we do expect tough comparisons for the balance of the year on that transactional revenue side.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Toni. You're right that we have previously talked about this in the context of our Claims Essential bundle, where there was a targeted effort for a certain customer segment. I would say as you hear us talk now more broadly across the business, we are seeing it in a number of different businesses where customers are on a pilot and choose to lock that in for a longer-term subscription or they have a subscription with overage tiers. And as their business grows, they lock into a higher subscription so that they have more visibility into their own price point. So those are trends that we will continue to see across the business. Over time, you've still seen that subscription-transactional mix of our revenues be fairly steady at 80-20-ish. And probably as some of our transactional customers convert into subscription, at the same time, we will have new and introductory products or new markets that we're entering where it's more common to enter it in a transactional basis. So we will continue to top up, I think, that transactional revenue base as well.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. Our auto insurance related - the shopping-related revenue did continue to grow in this quarter. But the year-over-year comp, it means that it's growing off a much higher level. So there's deceleration there. From a market share standpoint, we believe we're generally steady in the market.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Jeff thanks for the question. To map it in underwriting solutions, that first descriptor, you've got the underwriting data analytics solutions. That is where the auto insurance shopping activity sits. So that's an element.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Kelsey, thanks for the question, and welcome to the call. On the question of the insurance cycle, look, we've talked over time about being in a hard market broadly in the property and casualty industry. That's hitting different segments, certainly at different times. But we know it's not going to last forever. So it's a when, not an if that hard market begins to peak and becomes more competitive. I think one of the strengths of Verisk, you have seen us continue to grow historically through both hard markets and softer markets in the insurance cycle. I would not go so far as to say we are insulated. I think the pressure remains on us to continue to deliver value to our clients through all the innovations and product strength that we've talked about on the call. So I think if we continue do that, we will continue to deliver value to our customers and continue to grow revenue throughout the cycle.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. A couple of things. We have historically talked about some of the seasonality in our margin. Any quarter's margin can vary based on revenue mix as well as just the timing of spending. And we've signaled - we’ve commented that we intend to invest in the business. So that our margin guidance gives you and our EBITDA guidance gives you a good feeling of where we expect to end up on an EBITDA basis. If you look at the EPS rate, in addition, there's the tax rate where we've had certain benefits in the first half of the year that we don't expect to continue in the second half of the year.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, Russell. So yes, as we look at our target leverage range and where we are relative to the two to three times, we go back to our capital allocation philosophy. We are willing to deploy to support the business. We do remain active in M&A markets and looking at what is available. We tend to focus on businesses that are unique in their markets that serve our insurance end market, but for which Verisk has a unique reason to be the right owner of that business. And so those can be data opportunities that we can add to our existing services. They can be customer opportunities or geographic or market expansion.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. So yes, we always highlight that our transactional revenue does have some variability to it. One important thing that I will point to, of course, from a growth perspective, we always look year-over-year, but it is interesting also to look on a sequential basis this quarter relative to the first quarter. Our total revenues grew relative to the first quarter. And in fact, our transactional revenues also grew relative to the first quarter. So it's just the year-over-year that has that pattern. Now there's some seasonality and things that hit the second quarter typically and that we're particularly strong in the second quarter of last year. And the ones that we called out were the weather impact, which was historically strong in the second quarter of last year, the auto shopping activity for which we've anniversaried that tough comp, and then the transition of transactional revenues to subscription.
