Frank Coyne: Thank you, Eva, and good morning. In third quarter 2011, we delivered strong performance of 18.4% revenue growth and 25% diluted adjusted EPS growth. We performed well in many of our businesses and our recent acquisitions contributed as well. Risk assessment grew 2.7% for the quarter and 3.9% year-to-date, as our continued value to customers is reflected in our revenue growth. Excluding the property specific category risk assessment growth in the third quarter was closer to 5%. We faced some challenges in our property specific revenue, which we will discuss on this call and that weighed on risk assessment growth in the quarter. In the quarter, Decision Analytics revenue grew over 30% and our insurance-facing solutions and Decision Analytics grew almost 17% of organically. Our health care solutions revenue grew over 25% organically, as we implemented our solutions for clients. Supply chain remains an area of focus and promise for us. Overall, our organic revenue growth was 7.6% in the quarter and also year-to-date. Decision Analytics’ organic growth in Q3 was about 12%, driven by both accelerated growth from insurance-facing solutions as well as the strong growth in health care. The mortgage market continues to represent a challenge for us as well as other companies in the space and our revenue declined in the quarter. We are keenly focused on our mortgage business and managing it through the volatile macro environment while not losing site of the 90% of our business that has both near-term and long-term growth opportunities. We continue to have conviction around our margin and overall profitability. We are pleased to deliver 25% growth in diluted adjusted EPS and 16% growth in EBITDA while expanding margins excluding recent acquisitions to almost 46%. As always, we remained focused on delivering shareholder returns to growth in our business, disciplined acquisition, and our share repurchase program. While no new acquisitions were announced in this quarter, we are seeing the benefit of both financially and from a customer perspective of the 2Q acquisition. We also continue to hunt for the right opportunities. In share repurchases, we bought a 123 million of shares, a lower amount in 2Q as we continue to manage our buyback as part of our broader capital allocation plan including acquisition. As we move through the final quarter of 2011, we are focused on positioning our business to perform both through challenging times as we have for the past few years as well as into the future when we see our economy return to a better growth environment. While our strong performance in a weak environment is notable, we believe we will perform even better as our clients see better performance in their businesses. Improvement at our customer’s hand in the economic outlook, we’ll make it easier for them to spend incremental dollars of new solutions and re-engineering processes that may have been delayed in a weaker environment. Our customers have thrown their interest in new solutions during our customer conference n October, when we met with about 150 executives from leading P&C insurers. Now, I’ll turn it over to Scott to talk about the progress we are making in a number of our business areas.
Frank Coyne: Yes, Michael. This is Frank here. It’s really a mixed bag that we’re seeing. Part of it is the economy as less business is being written, as we’ve got vacancies in some of the commercial properties. Some of it had to do with customers repositioning their portfolios. And we’ll see some return of that business as they work through that. Some of it has to do with process changes within companies where they basically have cut back on their commercial writings for a period of time. And we would expect to see that return once they’ve cycled through their process changes. And some are just redesigns of their own internal processes as a result of expense controls. So, the positive is it’s a whole mixed bag of things and not a trend that we’re seeing in the use of our products.
Frank Coyne: Yes. I think as we have observed in the past, our sense was that the market has bottomed out and we were seeing some positive trends. The surveys would indicate that that is what is happening. I think more importantly the results that are being announced by the industry, all of which are our customers, would indicate that premiums are on the rise. And specifically with regard to our line of business, we are certainly seeing that. So, there are positive trends going forward.
Frank Coyne: Well, I would make a couple observations there and maybe Scott would add. And that is that we’re seeing growth in both our frontend and backend – the fraud solutions and the underwriting analytic solutions that we have there. So, we’re seeing positive signs in both parts of our business. Also we had commented in the past that we had written contracts that we were in the process of implanting. And we are seeing that implementation complete now and just beginning to be able to recognize that revenue.
Frank Coyne: Well, what we specifically saw is that as we introduced our – some of the ideas that we have around new solutions – we saw a receptivity to understanding the value of those solutions. So, it is hard to tell when the purses will open back up, as clearly as the industries health returns, so the results aren’t bad to the industry. But as premium writings begin to increase, we would expect to see a pick-up in the new solutions that we’re offering.
Frank Coyne: Well, I would say a couple of things and certainly my colleagues could add to it if they desire and that is that, yes, it is unpredictable. Because you see what we see happening the macro environment, so you never know what might come out of Washington, for example. But as we look at our business – I mean we do have some sense of customer uptake on some of our new products. We just do not know what an individual customer would say. So, I’m not expecting a decline up from this quarter but it’s really hard to predict.
Frank Coyne: Yes. And I think actually some of these things tied together as we had a severe cash season as you know. And so that when you have that it – in particular it impacts the property business. So, as we see some of our customers reacting to that and I mentioned that repositioning of their property portfolio, that is some of the answer behind our specific property as well.
Frank Coyne: Yes. Good morning, Suzie. I would not expect a further decrease in Q4 in that business. And it’s hard to say when it will turn, but we’ve got confidence in that business, in the value proposition associated with.
Frank Coyne: Well, as we transitioned out of the cycle we would expect our organic growth in the risk assessment to increase.
Frank Coyne: Yeah. And just to follow-up on the mortgage question. We observed that we had a peak in premiums there in the third quarter – revenue on that premium in the third quarter of 2010 and our second highest quarter with the fourth quarter of 2010. So I want to make sure that I was clear in my earlier answer, expectations filling into the fourth quarter, a little difficult to assess. We know we’re doing better than others. We know where our front-in solutions are catching some traction. But it’s hard to tell what mandates that might come out of governments that it could impact any of our customer’s performance. So it is very difficult to project what will happen there in the fourth quarter.
Frank Coyne: Well, I think one of the strengths of our revenue stream is that it’s well diversified and though we are impacted by this economy, I think we’re stronger today in terms of our diversification than we were before. I think we’ve got assets that are not really impacted by the recession – more assets that really aren’t impacted by the recession, an example in the health care area and even our 3E acquisition would be a strong contributor in spite of the possible second dip. So I think we’re in a better place.Eric Boyer – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Frank Coyne: All right. Well, thank you all for joining us today and we appreciate your ongoing support, and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you, Frank. As we further our growth agenda, we remained focused on innovation as an important part of our business process. As you hear about new developments such as our claims tools for REO properties that is real estate owned by the lenders through a foreclosure process, or our vehicle symbols as part of our risk analyzer suite were nucleus, which is our new delivery platform for Verisk Health (inaudible) Solutions or our expanding insurance catastrophe modelling solutions. You should know there are many other ideas behind those that we are working to develop and eventually commercialize. It’s important for us to be innovative as none of our markets stand still. This also requires the commitment to invest which we continue to do. Speaking of growth, the pieces of our health care strategy are coming together nicely and the traction we’re feeling in that business is positive. While you can see our quarterly results in our supplemental data, we’re pleased with 25% organic revenue growth in the quarter and important point to me is that we’re seeing the synergy of bringing Bloodhound and Health Risk Partners into the fold. We’re going to market today as Verisk Health, which is being well-received by our customers. With tools for population management, performance measurement and compliance and the payment integrity, there’s a lot of opportunity to grow. And while our business with a run rate of over $100 million of revenues reaching a meaningful scale for us, the size of our revenue today pales in comparison to about $2.5 trillion of annual health care spent. I’m optimistic and our team is optimistic that we can do more. We continue to be encouraged about 3E and our supply chain team as it develops. We’re seeing many areas of crossover with solutions we provide in weather and catastrophe analytics, cargo solutions and others. And we believe that interesting acquisition targets as well as organic growth exist in this space. Let me turn it over now to Mark to talk about our financial results.
Scott Stephenson: I will just add to that, that one of the strong themes that seem to have caught the imagination of a lot of the insurance companies is the opportunity to better understand the weather and respond and prepare for it. And between climate science and in our capacity modeling, we really have a very unique set of capabilities. To Frank’s point, it’s not a spike, it’s more a moving that intellectual property into that processes, which I think will occur steadily but I don’t think it’s a step function so much as just a kind of a gradual expansion of what it is we do with the company.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah, well, that part of our business is transaction-based as you know. So the volume of the folks that are foreclosing loans is basically what drives our revenue there. And a couple of the mortgage insurers have been somewhat constrained in their ability to source new business because of state regulation where the regulators are looking at capital adequacy. So if mortgage insurers are fundamentally suppressed in their ability to write a business, that will eventually express itself inside of our business.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah. I think that we’ve made considerable progress. And that issue exists at multiple levels. One level is trying to harmonize technology platform so that the next acquisition is a little bit more plug-and-play into what we’ve already got. And that has been a theme particularly in the health care vertical. And we’re very encouraged by the progress that we’ve made on that front. Some of you will remember that we referenced the fact that there’s a wonderful platform that came along with the Bloodhound acquisition and we’re kind of re-purposing that to serve other parts of our health care business. Some of the other pieces of it would represent – right now, we’re well-along in observing our opportunity to engage in data center consolidation across the entire enterprise. We have designated a function inside of the company which is solely given over to post-acquisition, post-merger integration. And all these things are kind of clicking ahead.Robert Riggs – William Blair & Company: Great. Thank you.
Scott Stephenson: Were you asking specifically about 2011 accusation, the two and a half year space?Richard Cheever – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Right, if there are some additional lifts.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. Of those HRP, the integration task is kind of simpler and has the shorter timeframe. Bloodhound as I mentioned before has technology that we are really excited to reuse not just inside the payment integrity, but across the entirety of the health care vertical. And that's a large project that we'll continue to bring forward, I think, through the better part of 2012. But we're encouraged by the progress we're making. It's just a big thing to get it done.Richard Cheever – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Mark Anquillare: Hi, Michael. I think what we feel is strength throughout the business. So I think we continue to believe that organic growth will continue to move kind of down the path that we’ve seen over the first nine months. The caveat to that is mortgage that’s still really difficult to predict. So we don’t have great visibility into that, which could be slightly lower than what we’ve seen for the first time.
Mark Anquillare: So, in the upcoming quarter, the fourth quarter, we acquired both 3E and Crowe Paradis in these very latter stages of fourth quarter 2010. There were only a few days in December where we owned both those entities. So you won’t see too much of a grow-over as you think about the fourth quarter. There’s just a few days, maybe a couple of weeks in 2010 without revenue associated with those two entities.
Mark Anquillare: So, let me first talk about the tangibles like (inaudible) business. I mean, the way our invoices are prepared it’s really the full year. So, we would begin our 2012, we’ll be looking a full year of 2010 premiums. And a full year of 2010 premiums rolled through to 2009, it is better news, okay? Not great news but better news. And so you think about 2013, you’re relating to 2011 premiums full year and that’s better news. So, clearly the trend is improving. I think your questions was more industry specific and with the fact that the trends in the industry itself almost appeared to kind of regress a bit or digress a bit. The third quarter – excuse me, the second quarter premium growth was not as great as what we’ve seen in the first quarter. And I’m not sure we have great visibility into why that was. So, you think about some cash fees, there was some activity. That usually puts some pressure. You also kind of see, hopefully, a function of a competition heating up and sometimes that helps us. But the market economy, it can be poor and I think that’s pulling down some of the ability of insurers to increase premiums to their customers. I’m sure (inaudible).
Mark Anquillare: And just to clarify I think – I know Frank made a comment about where we would be in fourth quarter, I think he was referring to it as kind of a year-to-date or full year, not in the quarter itself with regard to growth year-over-year, so just to clarify.
Mark Anquillare: Let me clarify it. Some of those parts, we issue equity on April 1st every year and the way the plan is written is that if you’re age is 62 and you were to leave, you definitely have no shares. So what that does is it causes us every year, every second quarter to expense the cost associated with those equity works for those people who have attained age 62. So there's always a spike in second quarter relative to first third or fourth quarters. This year in particular the amount in second quarter is a little more than even last year second quarter. And that’s because of some other people who are now aged 62. The last point, I think, you brought up and I just want to highlight is, once we have that accelerated amount, the cost associated with the equity does go down and has gone down in third quarter and will continue at that lower level into fourth quarter.James Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group: Got it. Thank you for the clarification.
Mark Anquillare: So I think from an integration perspective, I think that's true inside of Verisk scouts. We are doing quite a bit, as Scott highlighted, to integrate those assets. And we're spending money to make that happen, maybe less sell in the other businesses because I don't think we've been able to, for the most part, pull some cost out as we try to integrate them into what is the Verisk family. But there was a lot of upfront cost there.
