Mark Anquillare: Thank you, Scott. I'm pleased to share with you that we had another strong quarter in Insurance with all businesses looking to growth. Organic constant currency revenue growth of 7.7% was fueled by market-leading innovation and enhanced customer engagement. Our retention rates remain very high as we continue to focus on getting close to our customers and delivering a best-in-class customer service experience. During the quarter, underwriting and rating delivered strong organic constant currency revenue growth across both personal and commercial lines underwriting, extreme event modeling, and industry-standard insurance programs. We continue to see great success in market share gains in personal lines due to the strong sales of our LightSpeed Auto suite of products. We're excited about the new sales and growing pipeline for our data-forward LightSpeed platform, extended into small commercial and personal property. In the industry standard insurance programs, we're experiencing growth in customer accounts. We've had success winning engagements with new start-ups and InsurTech. In extreme event modeling, we're experiencing solid demand for our detailed models, driven by signings with new clients as well as expanding relationships with existing clients. We're also seeing increased interest in some of our newer solutions including our global resilience practice which works with governments and NGOs. During the quarter, we hosted several successful seminars for our catastrophe modeling business in Auckland, Sydney, London, and Zurich that touch more than 350 clients and prospects. And in October, we hosted Verisk Velocity, our signature event for underwriting and rating. The event focused on the future of the insurance industry with an eye towards digitization and automation of the insurance process. The conference attendance increased 46% versus last year as we attracted attendees from 130 insurance companies from around the world. Feedback was positive from participants. We're excited about the direction of our new solutions and our thought leadership in the property and casualty insurance industry. The agenda feature presentations and panel discussions by industry-thought leaders and allowed Verisk to showcase our latest pipeline InsurTech solution. In fact, our customers are telling us that they look to Verisk to drive forward the innovation agenda because we not only develop leading solutions, but we can back them up with financial strength in a long and stable operating history. The claims business also delivered solid growth with contributions from claims analytics, repair cost estimating, remote imagery, and our international businesses. As Scott mentioned, we're seeing nice success with our visualized ClaimSearch platform, which is delivering significant growth in usage and positive sentiment in customers. The platform offers customers improvements like real-time analytics, improved security and privacy protection, fast delivery, and is seamlessly integrated into workflows and claim systems. On the international side, we're seeing solid growth from recent acquisitions like Validus in claims subrogation solution and ENI, claims automation, and fraud detection solution. They're now part of organic. A steady stream of first-to-market innovations is one of the four distinctives at Verisk and also a key driver of our growth. In the quarter, we announced several exciting new initiatives including the launch of our Sequel product suite in the U.S. The early feedback from the market is positive and the pipeline of interest from among our specialty commercial customers is robust. We also announced solutions in new partnerships within the life insurance market. These solutions utilize the most advanced data analytic methods including advanced voice analytics, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, and will enable Verisk to develop new benchmarking risk-scoring solutions that can help life insurance on direct policies and managed portfolio risk with increased speed and precision. With that, let me now turn it over to Lee to cover the financials.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So let me try to take those and you already ask them. So first of all, I think the general macro environment has been -- needs to be positive. There is a hardening in the market, especially around some of the commercial lines. Over the years, we have distanced our pricing from the actual premium. So if you have this history, I will tell you we are much more thoughtful about long-term contracts and -- but there is a little bit of a pull associated with more premium and there's more utility of the solutions. So, there's a little more value on pricing that we would gain. But I think the bigger macro trend is as the markets harden everyone is kind of focused on the top line and growing it profitably. So the use of our solutions, I think continues to expand. People look to go into different lines and grow. And purchase is more easily -- it's easier to get through procurement in an environment where growth is happening. So those are kind of the general trends that affect us inside the market. I would also tell you from a macro perspective the industry is very much focused on big data analytics. So we're right in the wheelhouse there. They're focused on automation. They're trying to become more efficient. There's a lot of technology projects in search of automation. That works to our advantage as well. And finally, where we're trying to play more is inside the world of digitization. They're trying to make sure that their digital engagement with their policyholders continues to grow. And we had some solutions that help them. I don't want to make this too long. On the sort of reinsurance side, we do see an opportunity or at least more consolidation among reinsurers. When that happens, it does cause a little bit of a challenge as we kind of renegotiate with the combined entity. But generally, we have seen increased engagement with insurers and reinsurers on the extreme event modeling side of things. There has been kind of a little bit of a turn, where people are coming and moving towards our AR models and that is a broad kind of industry trend that we are very happy with and I think they recognize the power of the Touchstone platform that Scott was referring to earlier. I hope that responds to your question.
Mark Anquillare: And the only thing that maybe I'll use, tiers or shelves, there's a lot of investment that's required to do it right, right? You need to make sure you tune the application, so you use the cloud properly, so you don't overuse the processing time and effort. And as you transition, besides kind of this code rewrite, you're also taking advantage of cheaper database management systems and things like that. So there's a ramp-up of cost before you see the benefit. And some of those are kind of trading off inside of our P&L and CapEx. And I just want to share that perspective with you about the timing of the shelves.
Scott Stephenson: It's kind of hard to separate the effects Manav and reason is that, some of the innovation shows us as an entirely unique product with a very discrete revenue stream, but it also shows up as increased penetration of an existing product or price realization related to an existing product. So it actually shows up in several places and an example of that would be the Lens platform which is supportive of – solutions, but also represents a discrete revenue stream in and of itself.
Scott Stephenson: So we've always been interested in remote imagery for a whole variety of reasons and actually those reasons relate to use cases, which are even beyond the insurance vertical and we're -- well. So first of all by way of context what we do is a lot more than just roof reporting. And we remain very interested in the category. We think that imaging remotely and then being able to in a very automated way translate what you've seen with the sensor is just -- that's an important technology for the world going forward, and we're intending to participate in it. We have participated in it and there are a number of ways to monetize the imagery itself. And so, no, I don't think that our opportunity is -- we don't see it any differently than we did.
Scott Stephenson: Sure. So first of all just -- I want to make sure everybody understands the breadth of what we do in the energy space. So we work with oil and gas companies on a global basis. We work with those who are producing the alternatives in terms of the renewables and we also work with electric utilities. So I wanted to sell that -- to say that the way that the Genscape business got built was by creating sensors, which actually talk about real-time flows in those ecosystems. So, for example, there are sensors that are literally measuring the amount of current running through the transmission line. There are sensors, which are literally metering the flow of liquefied natural gas for example. And these real-time data sets, we think are very complementary to the data sets we've already got. So in what we do with Wood Mackenzie, we have really good granular operating data, for example, from the wellhead. But it's not as real-time as these other data sets that we're talking about. So now pull those two data sets together and provide even more of a perspective about what's happening commodity by commodity, location by location. And we just know that that's going to be valuable for our customers.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So, we -- yes, I mean so you really had there Gary the two categories of benefit that arise from rotating our infrastructure into the cloud. So, one of them has to do with agility and that has to do with we can compute anywhere around the world literally by going to our say AWS dashboard and turning on new servers. It's that easy and it's that fast. So, the ability to spin up new products I would also say that our customers are increasingly interested in being able to interact with what we provide in a whole variety of ways. To the extent that what they're interested in is the sort of API on demand kind of approach then being already platforms in the cloud just makes it even that easier for them to attach to it. So, you've got all those benefits and then you've got cost benefits. And so we're very much in pursuit of both of those. With respect to where we are in the journey, so you're right. We've been talking about it for a couple of years. It's a lot of heavy lifting and it does play out over time. So, what I said in my remarks earlier is we've reached the first shelf. So, we've seen the first return of efficiency on the investments we've been making in moving to the cloud. There will be several more shelves over the course of the next couple of years. And so we feel very good about where we are. I'll just say that we have a very close relationship with one of the cloud provider -- convenient to sort of dig in, especially with one of them. And they give us a lot of feedback that says that we're actually in advanced implementation of cloud computing at the scale that we're doing it. So, we -- there's a -- we still have a good distance to go. Actually I look forward to the next shelves. But in the meantime, I'm very pleased with the work that our team is doing.
Scott Stephenson: Well, we're not making a forward statement about where the margins are going. But what I will say is, it has been a category of heavy investment on our part. And one of the things I was trying to emphasize in my comments upfront, because we made a lot of investments in image capture. We now have a national image capture capability.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So maybe, Lee, you'd like to conclude and respond to that. But I'll just open by saying that there are really sort of two discrete things that go on as we hit these shelves. So one of them is -- and I'm pretty sure we've talked about this before, there's been a mainframe intensity to the way that we compute at Verisk. That's because of our long legacy as an extremely data-rich company. And when this company first got going the mainframe configuration was very definitely the logical way to try to manage large data sets. But that's not true anymore. There has been change there. So one of the shelf-creating developments is when we retire mainframe capacity and that is an ongoing activity. So that's one. And then, the second is, when we close data centers and that also will contribute shelves at moments in time as we go forward. There are really no trade-offs, actually. I mean, in -- as I've said before, obviously, we build in a linear way the cost associated with cloud computing. But when I say there are no trade-offs I'm really saying two things. One is, the unit economics of computing in the cloud are just superior, period. But the second thing is, actually, and Lee mentioned this when he took on the topic before, we actually are taking this opportunity to think about the very nature of our platforms. Literally, how does the calculation work? And as we move things up into the cloud, we're actually sort of peeling open the applications and reconsidering, you do this, you do this, then you do that, are there ways to be more efficient in capacity. And so, it's actually a very constructive exercise. We just have to continue to be vary in touch with the way that the algorithms tool and the way that the -- the very nature of our data and how we put together our data sets. So there are no trade-offs. Actually, it's constructive microeconomically. It's constructive in terms of responsiveness to customers. And actually, we're just treating it as a journey to tighten up a lot of things about the way that we operate.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah. Thank you. So, thanks everybody for joining us. Appreciate the questions, and the dialogue will be following up with several of you. And have a great day.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Ashish thanks for the question. We haven't broken out the revenues for those acquisitions separately. It will become organic. We're still closing Genscape and expect that within the next couple of weeks. But I would expect for the organic components incorporated in the fourth quarter results where you begin to get some sense of the scale of that.
Lee Shavel: And Gary this is Lee. Just to supplement that a bit. And one thing that I want to make certain that everyone understands is that this is a discipline in a process. It's not a monolithic project where you do every -- a hundreds of individual products that need to be the data sets the applications need to be moved to the cloud. The code needs to be optimized for the cloud and so it is an ongoing process. What I can assure you is that the economics are very good both from an OpEx standpoint and from a CapEx standpoint. We are taking this with some kind of key projects that we've demonstrated what we can accomplish and that's guiding us in the future projects ahead. So, we think this will be a very clear uplift for us from a capital efficiency and from a margin perspective that will factor into our ability to further enhance our operating leverage across the business. But I want to make sure that everyone has an appreciation. This is something that you literally have to go product-by-product in order to make sure that you're fully realizing the potential.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you Jeff. We're obviously pleased with the results. I think I would try to break it down a bit by saying we saw solid improvement in those WoodMac -- in both the subscription and the consulting revenues at WoodMac. So, there was progress there. And PowerAdvocate is clearly contributing and I would say had -- is having an exceptional 2019 as a result from some very good pipeline build at the end of 2018 and into 2019. And so part of driving through, we are seeing that reflected both in some of the implementation revenue as well as the subscription revenue, but over time we will expect to see a higher percentage of that kind of core subscription and recurring revenue within it. Again, it's still primarily recurring revenue, but we are at the front end of some of their success early in the year in bringing new clients onto their solutions platform.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So George, thanks for the question. So as we described recognizing that we have this impact on the roof report revenue, our objective is to look for efficiencies that we can achieve in reducing the costs related to that dimension of the business. And again, that's just a part of the business in order to minimize the impact of that revenue -- the revenue loss. At the same time, as Scott described, our commitment to the technology, our investment in the broader application of that business will continue. So we're trying to accomplish both of those, maintaining that commitment exploring the other applications and developing those dimensions, while at the same time offsetting as much as possible on that loss of revenue.
Lee Shavel: And I would confirm your assumption that on some of the non-roof report legacy businesses, that those were positive margin businesses and that the -- in development on the roof report, given the scaling up of those expenses, we're -- as we've indicated before, had a negative impact overall to our margins as we were in investment phase. So I think that observation is accurate.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So let me try to kind of give some context around that. So, I think, what you heard in Scott and Mark's comments are, that yes there certainly is a cost savings in terms of achieving the shelves. But also it is kind of the net effect of taking on the cloud costs, and then also optimizing the business. And so, there is a complicated dimension to this. I want to underscore one thing. There clearly is a margin opportunity for us. But it consists both of greater OpEx efficiency, but also overall improvement in the operating leverage of the business itself in terms of what the applications can do and their ability to integrate other data and expand that. And again adding another layer of complexity, we have a large number of products and businesses that we are moving to the cloud of how applicable cloud is to what they do, and with different time lines. And so, it is impossible to extract what the quantum of that margin improvement is. We're learning as we go with each individual project tackling the biggest ones first. But we will see that positive margin improvement that we manage as part of our overall core objective of increasing margin over time. And then also investing that margin expansion to some level, where we are investing in future growth. So, there is a lot of that. But it is clearly a very strong component of what will allow us to grow our core operating leverage further. And I know it would be great if we could provide some quantification. But it's just too large a project. And too complex for us to pin that to a specific number.
Lee Shavel: Bill on the push outs I think, we had some of the third quarter revenues. And some of them are longer development products that got pushed out into the fourth quarter. There were some that I think they pushed out into 2020. So I think a combination there. And with regard to EDM, I think it is still a development project for us. We continue to see a very strong response from customers. And we're dealing with really substantiating this as a broader opportunity within the business on a client-by-client basis. So very early stage, but everything that we have seen and continues to keep us enthusiastic about this as a core service, that is additive to our most important and largest clients.
