Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, we are excited to focus all our attention, talent and resources on the global insurance industry where we can deliver substantial value to our clients through improved decision-making and operational efficiency. We will be engaged more intensively as a strategic technology partner to our clients and the broader insurance industry to identify and develop ways for Verisk to support their objectives. With our scale, relationships and expertise, we are well positioned to help make those connections in this period of accelerated change for the industry and by extension, to the people and communities they serve. Our motivating purpose is to work together with our clients in building resilience for individuals, communities and businesses globally. Combined with our focused business model and unique market position, this is a formula that will deliver value to our shareholders through growth and returns. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk. Given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question.  With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Toni, I'll just add, I think we're very comfortable in our ability to meet those targets, to build on that while still continuing to support the growth objectives that we have for the business.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you for the question. Let me try to address the components of that. So I think I outlined in my comments the general strategy where we are looking to make investments in data or technology that solve industry problems that we can monetize across that industry. And that strategy really holds across the business. Internationally where we've had a very solid success of finding businesses that have established products in international context, and I'll use our acquisition of Sequel as an example, we have taken that business. We have found ways to support that with addition of other components such as a rate-making component or a binding component in that business that add value to the total offering for our business, thereby integrating components for the market participants in that ecosystem. We will continue to look for opportunities to leverage those types of additions as well as data sets and functionality that we have within the U.S. business. We recently made an acquisition in Sweden, and you may be familiar with both our acquisitions of ACTINEO in Germany and Opta where we're deploying similar strategies. And generally, across our international businesses, we have been able to deliver growth faster than our overall rate and generally in the double-digit range because of the penetration opportunities we have within those marketplaces. So hopefully that ties together with our general strategy and how it applies internationally and the contributions to growth from each of those elements.
Lee Shavel: Thanks, Jeff. So I would say the general dimension has been that it has been the normalization of activity across the business in a couple of fronts, driving activity being one of that. I think that has had a positive improvement in some of our antifraud categories. Elizabeth made reference to some of the return to growth in our workers' comp businesses. And I think on the property estimating side, I think we've seen higher and more normalized levels of activity. Some of that -- well, excluding the actual storm revenue, I just -- I think we have seen more activity. I'd ask my colleague, Maroun Mourad, who leads our claims business if there's anything that he'd like to add to that, the general pickup that we've seen in the claims business.
Lee Shavel: Thank you. And the question, I don't know on the operational and the balance sheet. Elizabeth, I think, can respond.
Lee Shavel: And when I think about balance sheet efficiency, Alex, I think the most striking thing is that with these dispositions, we have released a lot of capital that was not generating as high a return as in our core insurance businesses. And so I think you will see that in the return on invested capital, particularly as we utilize the proceeds to repurchase shares. That's probably the most significant balance sheet efficiency in my mind.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Great. Thank you very much. And you really touched on something that we -- I think we have a good system. We undertake a survey and an NPS scoring twice a year. In 2022, that is in the mid-40s, which is consistent with where we've been before the pandemic and through the pandemic. And I think we saw an increase in that during the pandemic as a function of kind of a general lift from working from home, from our clients, some of the features that we offered through client experience that were well received but still a very solid number. So we undertake that, but we also have customer experience unit that is always looking to gauge the feedback that we receive from our clients on product experience. So at that level, we're trying to provide a number of means for them to communicate anonymously their level of satisfaction. I would also say anecdotally, we have intensified our efforts to engage at a senior level, particularly at C-suite with how we are providing value and solving problems for them. The feedback of knowing of -- their feedback to our renewed focus on just the insurance industry has been very positive. The outreach from some clients, where we haven't had a strong relationship, has been very positive, and we've actually seen a higher level of engagement from them as a result. So we're looking at that across at different layers. And so far, I think the response has been positive, and we'll continue to build on that.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Andrew, thank you very much for the question. And I will -- I'll do my best to address it here. But I think we're really excited about drilling into that at Investor Day. So forgive me for another advertisement for Investor Day, but I really think that it will be a great opportunity for you to hear not only what I have to say strategically, but also hear it directly from the business and the investments that we're making. So I'm going to try to limit it to three. The first is, as you referenced, in new areas for us like life insurance and in marketing that are current needs for those businesses that we have the opportunity to penetrate the existing insurance industry or segments of the insurance industry that we have not served before are already delivering significant growth that enhances our overall growth rate. So we will continue to look for those opportunities. The second level is internationally, as we've described, also a penetration opportunity where our international businesses are growing faster. They represent an opportunity for us to deliver some of the data, the analytics and technology into those markets as well as developing new solutions. And so the success that we've had in UK we hope to follow up with success in Canada and in Continental Europe with some of our work there. And that's not just acquisition-driven. It's also integrating some of the features and products that we have in the U.S. And the third element that I would just point to is I think that we have a broader opportunity based upon the conversations that we've -- that I've had with other CEOs and other C-suite clients around the opportunity to improve the efficiency of the broader insurance industry. I think to my earlier point, I think we've been great on the products that are focused on specific underwriting or specific claims applications, but our ability to tie those solutions together, potentially find shared services or more automated solutions to address the hundreds of billions of dollars of expenditure by the industry is an area that has a very strong reception from the clients we've dealt with. One element that I'll tease that has gotten a lot of interest is our ability to digitize more of the forms elements and the standard policy language, which, as you can imagine, can sometimes expand exponentially with tweaks to that language. Being able to manage and track that on a digitized basis is part of the investment that we're making in our core lines reimagine. Those are the types of solutions where we can, given our centrality, given the data sets that we have really revolutionize the way that, that process is being handled, creating efficiencies across the industry as a whole. So that hopefully gives you a little bit of a start in terms of where we think we can find new areas to potentially expand that growth rate.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So one, I'm going to address the second part first. And then just also ask Elizabeth or Stacey to kind of refresh me on the overall exposure element. But I think we're confident because we are already seeing in a number of regulatory areas that those rate increases are being approved. There was a -- previously a bit of a delay, I think, because of elections that probably created some delay from a regulatory standpoint. We're now seeing those begin to emerge. I think a recognition that the inflationary costs that the auto insurers have borne is something that is legitimate needs to be factored into overall pricing. There are some areas that I think we're concerned about, particularly in California and approvals on that front. But I think we're getting a sense of momentum in those rate increases. And from an overall exposure standpoint...
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thanks, Manav. So as you can appreciate, we have hundreds of products. And so each has a different pricing dynamic reflecting what we view as the demand elements for that, the value that we provide. And first and foremost, our primary pricing philosophy is driven by the value of the product and what it's delivering. And so we are often trying to calibrate pricing to be a fraction of the value that the client received. And when we think about our growth from pricing, it is primarily a reflection of our ability to deliver value to clients.  Now we also recognize that there is an element in our pricing that is tied to net premium growth. We are -- that is a factor. It has been a decreasing factor over time as other products not tied to that have grown faster. But that is an element where we are expecting some lift, given generally stronger premium growth as we've seen in different part of the businesses. And then finally, I would say going into 2023, reflecting somewhat of the higher inflationary environment and the imposed costs on us from a compensation standpoint, we have included a somewhat in certain instances, a higher inflationary component to reflect that reality as we think most of our clients have done in similar situations. So all of those factor into the guidance from a revenue standpoint as it relates to pricing. I would say, however, that while pricing and particularly the value-added element is the most important component, we do also expect contributions from new customers, from upsell with existing products, from growth from our new initiatives and our higher growth to contribute a like amount to our overall growth rate.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Faiza, I would just say, look, we clearly an objective of delivering on that, and we want to demonstrate our ability to improve that margin. Longer term, I think what we'll talk about are the trade-offs between investment and margin and the value that the investment can deliver in terms of growth and returns. I think that's not a new dynamic. That's something that we have always worked to try to find a balance to demonstrate margin strength, but also not at the cost of delivering where we think value is created most significantly, which is through growth and returns. But we are fully committed to delivering on the guidance that we set initially of that 53% to 56% range, and we're working to deliver a strong result as we possibly can.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks, Toni. I don't think it changes our overall strategy. We are committed to the targets delivering in '24. We're happy to be in the low end of that range already ahead of schedule. But we'll maintain that level of focus on margin while still maintaining investment in the business as we have been balancing so far.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks. We remain committed to that range. Right now, I'm here talking about 2023, I think there's been some headwinds in '22 that we've talked about previously as well as some benefits to the business. So on balance, we're committed to the range.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Let me talk a little bit about that. If you start with the baseline '22 of 52% that pro forma, that already includes the headwinds from stranded costs, and it includes most of the headwinds from recent M&A. As we move forward on that, there is still a little bit more headwinds from those previously identified items in our baseline, call it, about 30 basis points collectively from ongoing impact of the T&E normalization, the cloud and technology investments, including some of the financial and capital systems that we talked about. So all those investments, 30 basis points.  There's probably still 30 basis points of headwind also from the pension credit, which we know today based on current assumptions will be -- will continue to be a drag in 2023. Offsetting that, you'll see -- so that's about 60 basis points. Collectively, that's offsetting about 150 basis points to 250 basis points of sort of core operating leverage. I haven't broken that down between operating leverage, gross impact and the cost savings target, but those are all included in that 150 basis points to 250 basis points, bringing us to the net of 100 basis points to 200 basis points margin expansion.
Elizabeth Mann: I'll try to hit the main points there. So on the OCC revenue growth, we haven't given that on a forecasted basis. We will report that out as the quarters develop. The one piece of slice for you, for 2023, the acquisitions that roll in from inorganic to organic are not -- don't create a major swing in the growth rates. And obviously, FX is -- we're not predicting. In terms of -- you asked about the quarterly cadence of how that plays out, there's nothing that we see here today that would imply a meaningful swing in the quarters from a financial perspective. If you look at the OCC comparability results to 2022, those could have some swings just based on the swings in '22.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks for that, Alex. We haven't -- I don't have any specific stats pulled out on that right now. But I think in general, the insurance business is the most cash flow generative and sort of the most capital efficient of our former businesses. It generates strong free cash flow, negative working capital characteristics and high kind of yields on EBITDA.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes, we've said that the auto -- exposure to the auto industry is about 10% of our total insurance revenue.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Good question. Yes, as you flagged kind of one of the swing factors between the top and bottom end would be the recovery of some of the more sensitive -- macro sensitive parts of our business like auto. In general, with the 80% subscription revenue, there's a lot of stability in the overall. One or two other environment-related factors that I would point out that could contribute to the difference in that, the top and bottom end of that range as you say, the amount of storm-related revenue is inherently unpredictable, obviously. We have included some assumptions for that in the budget but a sort of moderate assumption in there. And then there's one or two other sort of macro-related factors like the level of cat loss activity and other things that could contribute to that range.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes, it's a great question. We're not giving a specific number on interest guidance, but I can give you some dimensionality to it. I think if you look at our fourth quarter interest expense, that was obviously higher than it was kind of on a run rate basis for the full year. I think for 2023, we would assume that the interest expense is slightly less than it was in the fourth quarter annualized but higher than it was for kind of the full year of '22 or between those two factors.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks, Faiza, for the question. Really, we're here today to talk about the quarter and the 2023 view. So sort of longer-term discussions, we'll talk about at Investor Day.
