Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, we are excited about the opportunity ahead and our ability to focus all our attention, talent and resources on the global insurance industry. Verisk is best positioned to capitalize on the opportunity because of our scale and expertise. Our motivating purpose is to work together with our clients in building resilience for individuals, communities and businesses globally. The combination of our focused business model, deep customer relationships and strategy to deliver value for clients through improved decision-making and operational efficiency is a formula that we are confident will also deliver value to our shareholders through growth and returns. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk. Given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And with that, I will ask the Operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: And Heather, if I can put a wrapper around the detail that Elizabeth provided, you asked the question initially in terms of a sales dynamic in the second half. And as Elizabeth was describing, these really aren’t sales-related elements, they are more environmental factors that contributed to a strong first half that we think are likely to moderate in the second half where we can’t have confidence that they will continue to reoccur. So there’s nothing that we see that this is predominantly sales driven. It is more environmental.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So, George, thanks for the question. I mean, I will start off by saying that I think implicit if you go through all of those details that Elizabeth has gone through, it’s difficult to predict what that is going to happen. I think the sense is, there is probably some reversion to mean in the ILS market. We had a strong second quarter. It’s not -- typically, you see that from quarter-to-quarter, but it’s difficult to predict. The shopping activity is one where we are seeing some early trends, but that’s going to depend upon macroeconomic factors. So I don’t think that, given the nature of that and its particular strength on the transactional side, we are in a position to estimate or predict when that’s likely to moderate or simply taking a more conservative point of view around the impact in the second half.
Lee Shavel: And Andrew, to add a little bit of context around that. As Elizabeth described, it has been a benefit, but there are also, I think, the impact of inflation is clearly driving some of that net written premium. We are also seeing the benefit of a hardening market within the insurance as a whole. But the other element is, because of inflation, our costs are going up, that gives us a little bit more scope on the pricing side and we are also continuing to add value to those products, which particularly in this environment with insurance industry focused on improving their efficiency. We have been able in a number of areas to deliver substantial value on that front given those pressures and that -- those elements are probably a larger factor than the pure net written premium. I think we estimate that the portion of our revenues that has some exposure to that is in the 15% to 20% type of range.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. And I would just add, I think, on a lot of those investment opportunities, they are more CapEx driven than OpEx driven at this point. And we have given you our targets that we are very focused on achieving, while at the same time, continuing to maintain the necessary investment, both in OpEx and CapEx to make certain that we are delivering on our top priority, which is organic growth in the business.
Lee Shavel: So, Greg, thanks for the question. I will take kind of the first half. And I would say, first, we have a lot of complex factors in the overall financial reported results. The marketing dimension is being reflected in weaker performance in our Verisk Marketing Solutions and so I think we are experiencing that. The shopping activity, however, does generate some offsetting revenue as people are exploring potential rate opportunities that are out there. On the homeowners, I think there are so many different products that react in different ways to the dynamics. It’s hard to tie them to a single metric. And I would also just make a comment that, the activity in auto is really being driven right now by consumer activity rather than carrier activity at this point. So, hopefully, it’s not a -- probably a satisfying answer, but it’s very difficult to tie the performance -- the financial performance in a broad sense to kind of specific leading indicators on the auto side, it’s just too many factors going on.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you very much for the question, Andrew. And it has been something that I have emphasized across the enterprise. And we have really been pleasantly surprised at the receptivity that we have had at that level where I don’t think we had really prosecuted that dialogue as effectively or in a coordinated fashion as we probably should have. And this -- in the past two weeks, I have had conversations at the CEO level with three executives of our -- of large clients or partners of ours, actually four over the past three weeks. And in one instance, it was very clear, the CEO was focused on the impact of climate change on their business model over the long-term and they asked us to come in and give a broader perspective on what we see in terms of the impact of the longer term model and how we see that potentially impacting their underwriting decisions within geographies. So tying together some of our underwriting benchmark and analysis with our longer term weather trends. That’s an opportunity for us to tie together some of our data sets and analytics. In another conversation, there was a focus around some of the regulatory challenges on rate approval. So it was an opportunity for us to deliver some of our expertise around non-rate actions to enable the carriers to realize some lift on the rate side. And in the third instance, there was a recognition that the client was facing some technology and process challenges as they were trying to move their organization forward where we could lend some technical support in building and helping them build technology that meets their client needs more effectively. And in each of those, I think, it opened up opportunities for us to tie our data sets together to deliver an integrated product. And the other dynamic is that, I think, when you have that support at the C-suite rather than us pushing product up within the organization, you have a mandate that motivates and energizes that client if we can demonstrate real value. And I think we are really just at the early stages of that as we find opportunities to address these broader needs that then can be expanded to new industry solutions across the -- across all of our client sets. So at this stage, I think, what you are seeing in our performance is some beneficial environment, the focus within certain of our businesses, energy released by some of our organizational changes, but I think we are still at a very early stage in expanding and opening a more strategic relationship and partnership with our clients.
Lee Shavel: …you can certainly see some of the outperformance relative to our long-term targets and so some significant portion of that delta reflects those one-time elements, otherwise, they would be part of our normal operating cost. So I think it gives you some kind of sense of the scale of the impact of some of these.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. And -- thank you, Andrew. I think you are reading the situation correctly. The carriers are pulling back on marketing expense, largely driven by uncertainty around whether they can underwrite profitably within certain markets or product lines and that is having an effect -- it had an effect for us in the first half and based upon what we are seeing, we do expect that effect to continue in the second half for that business. It’s a small part of our business. But I want to come back and emphasize that there’s clearly shopping appetite. As consumers naturally are seeing higher rates, there is a desire to find a more competitive alternative to what they have currently and so that latent energy is there. I think we expect over time that as the regulators approve some of the rate increases and we are seeing some positive signs on that as we alluded to in some of our earlier comments that, that will give us a greater opportunity to support our carriers and our clients with that marketing analysis. But one thing I want to emphasize that longer term, the demand from our clients were sophisticated analytics around how are they -- who is looking to shop for insurance in an online context, what are they looking for, how can we deliver the right product at the right time is something that they are strategically committed to and we see a broad and growing opportunity to continue to serve that, notwithstanding some of the marketing headwinds that we are experiencing in the industry.
Lee Shavel: I am sorry. Operator, we can -- it’s not legible or we are not able to hear what the analysts are saying.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you, Ashish. I think given the scale of these and that they are deeply embedded, this is something where I think we will continue to describe anecdotally our success and what we -- our traction with clients around these. But it’s at a level of detail, and certainly, at this stage, isn’t a significant financial impact and so we won’t be providing specific items around that. But I think they reflect a few of a larger portfolio of investments that we make across the business that over time we expect can be contributors to perhaps tie it to other innovations that we have made are LightSpeed suite of products is an example of where we identified a need, we developed an application and now that has been a significant contributor to growth as we have been able to help our clients grow their or improve their ability to deliver a bindable quote on an accelerated basis. So there are throughout the organization, a large portfolio of these opportunities. It’s not limited to the two or three that I have described and so it’s probably an overwhelming level of detail to kind of share all of that with you. But it’s a fundamental part of our process of finding ways to add value for all of our clients.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you, Stephanie. And the international opportunity for us is one that we pursue in -- with a couple of approaches. And I will start with kind of the natural inclination to see if we can build off of the product sets that we have in the U.S. So there are a variety of underwriting products, for instance, in our participation product, our core lines forms, rules and loss cost businesses, where international buyers see interest in that data and that information and so we have been able to penetrate that market in delivering that product set. We also have claims products that we have developed specific to those international markets. So that is the first stage of our international approach. In addition, as you can imagine, we have made a number of acquisitions in international markets that represent the -- our ability to deliver similar services that we can add value to either by providing additional capital, leveraging our network of relationships, adding technology expertise or improving the efficiency that accelerates the penetration of that marketplace. And then the third element is to be able to tie those together in order to create more composite value or to create a stronger ecosystem. And there, I would point to our specialty business solutions that is a combination and an integration of our original Sequel acquisition with acquisitions like Whitespace, Ignite, Rulebook and most recently Morning Data that is serving the non-standard market or the London market with a broadening and increasingly integrated sets of products that allows us to serve the insurance industry more effectively. So though each of those are elements that we are pursuing in that international dimension. In a broad sense, we have generally been experiencing double-digit growth rates for our international business as a whole, reflecting contributions from all of those. In some cases, we have a life and health travel that has been growing at a high rate as the global travel industry has recovered post-COVID, that’s beginning to normalize and we have other businesses that are automating or augmenting traditional functions in the claims side. Those are some of the businesses that we recently acquired in Germany and in Sweden. And we continue to have success in the U.K. in serving both the general insurance market, as well as the London non-standard excess and surplus market. So there are a lot of elements, but we generally view the international markets as areas where we can bring our expertise and we can augment existing InsurTech players that are effectively serving the industry there.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. So, Faiza, thanks. There’s a lot rolled up in that question. So I am going to take -- give it the best crack I can here. I think the essence of your question is, as we have come about a year from our exits from the non-insurance businesses and we have described our ambitions for what we can do more broadly with the industry as our culture has evolved, becoming more focused around insurance, do we remain confident that the growth opportunity that we described at Investor Day remains in place? And I think the short answer is yes. We have been really happy with the level of engagement from our clients. I have been very happy with the feeling I have had within the organization of our configuration as an insurance-focused entity. I think that we are putting more energy into looking at how we can tie our data sets and our products together to serve the industry more broadly. And I think that’s also improved the energy around innovating for the industry and we have been focused on how do we do that not only from a bottoms-up standpoint with ideas from our employee base, which are often at the closest to the products and how we add value to those for the benefit of our clients and our ability to realize the commercial benefit, as well as now integrating, I think, stronger input from the top down to make certain that in those conversations with our clients when we have identified an opportunity to address their needs by tying things together that we are productizing that and we are delivering something not just for that client, but something that we can roll out to the industry as a whole. At the core, our economic value proposition is driven by an ability to invest in and develop a solution or an analytic that can serve not just one client, but the industry as a whole, and so our ability to generate to rapidly monetize strong return on that investment and serving as an effective utility for the industry is quite powerful. And so I think everything that we have seen so far is a validation of what our thesis was. And I think we are also reassured that our investors are seeing the results. At an early stage, there’s a lot to build upon and so we are hopeful we will be able to continue to execute against that dynamic.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Heather, thanks for the question. We have been very happy in the first half that we have been kind of firing on all cylinders. We have a diversified business within the insurance space and we have called out a number of different environmental or industry factors where the revenue growth in the first half may not be sustained into the second half. And so for those -- just to reiterate them, I think, there’s no fewer than six different factors that have contributed to the strength in the first half. To go through those, there has been low attrition and consolidation in the industry, which has the potential to renormalize in the second half of the year and in the future. Second, the level of auto shopping activity driving transactional volume in our auto insurance business, they moderate. Third, the level of weather activity has been elevated in the first half, although no specific catastrophe events and also related to weather is the fact that there was obviously a large hurricane in the fourth quarter of last year. So that will create a difficult comp in the fourth quarter. Fourth on the list of reasons for strength. In our anti-fraud business, we have been driving strong growth by converting transactional customers to subscription in our claims essential bundle. We will start to lap that benefit, which started roughly this time last year. Fifth, we talked about the securitizations and the strength of the ILS market, which was elevated in the second quarter and we don’t expect that to continue. And then, lastly, we had called out various technical items like billing catch-ups or overages and the extra business day in the quarter. All of those have been contributing to the 9.8% and revenue growth, which has been above our long-term sustainable 6% to 8% target and may not continue in the second half.
Elizabeth Mann: Yeah. Thanks, Andrew. It is helping this year’s revenue growth and we are looking back to 2021 on our 2023 contract. I think we have previously called out that was a 9.6% net written premium growth across the industry. And as I called out, the factors of strength in our subscription growth that and the strength in our forms, rules and loss cost business has probably been the largest contributor to our subscription growth.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks, Toni. Yeah. So on the subscription growth side, I would call out kind of the top three drivers to the strong subscription growth. The first is across the forms, rules and loss cost business, and that includes both the pricing dynamic that we talked about, as well as the low historical industry liquidations or consolidation. The second biggest factor -- the second biggest contributor to growth in subscriptions has been the anti-fraud business, particularly with the transition from the previously transactional customers to the claims essential bundle that has been adding to subscription growth. And then third, on the property, estimating solutions, subscription growth has been strong this quarter, driven by continued contractor usage and as well as insurance carrier usage, given the weather events. So those have been the main drivers of subscription growth. It is broad-based. It is not just a pricing dynamic. I think that’s fair to say. Moving to your question about net written premium and 2022, the Verisk review of the 2022 net written premiums is not yet published, but the A.M. Best data came out recently. It showed 8.4% of net written premium growth across the U.S. P&C industry. That’s in line with the preliminary Verisk data that we have quoted previously. So that is a positive tailwind. On the other hand, as Lee highlighted, some of the challenges on inflation and profitability, the A.M. Best data also shows a 15% increase in losses with overall combined ratios above 100%. So that points to the challenges facing the carriers, and the difficulty and profitability for which many of our solutions and products are designed to help them address.
Elizabeth Mann: Yeah. Thanks, Manav, for the question. A couple of comments on the margins. I think as we have highlighted before, I think, we said that about 90% of the cost actions would be seen within the run rate in 2023, so we are largely working through that. I think that as we look -- we have called out previously some of the investments kind of on the business side, maybe just to give some color for the quarter, the M&A has been probably a 40-basis-point headwind for the quarter from recent acquisitions. The investments that we are doing in the business on the cloud side, as well as the ERP investments and the renormalization of T&E, all add up to about 90-basis-point headwind for the quarter. And then finally, as a non-operating item, the pension has been a 50-basis-point headwind for the quarter. Going forward in terms of investment in technology, look, we continue -- our margin targets continue to support as they have been already our investments in technology. To the extent, as Lee highlighted, we are in early days on reviewing some of the opportunities with our clients and some new opportunities opened up with gen AI. So to the extent we learn more, we will come back to you on that in the future.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks for the question, Jeff. Yeah. We haven’t quantified kind of the components of each of these. I would say two things. As I have listed out factors on contributing to subscription and transactional growth. Those have been in order of magnitude to help you size them up. And the other point, we have a rough rule of thumb of calling out kind of one-time events that are -- that contribute more than 1% to revenue growth, none of these single factors hit that threshold.
Elizabeth Mann: Yeah. Thanks, Alex. Good question. One is they are each ranges, so there is some range there. But I would say, in general, there’s a couple of different things. One is the M&A, the incremental M&A that’s been added since we gave guidance. Obviously, as we have talked about the pattern where our recent acquisitions typically have lower margins than our existing business. Some of it -- yeah, there’s a little bit of business mix across the full year. There is -- there are incentive-based payments based on the strong performance in the year-to-date. And in general, there’s some seasonality in our margins. But finally, also there is -- as we talked about before, there’s investment over the course of the year as we look to balance efficient operation with also our goals for long-term sustainable growth.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks for the question, Russell. Yeah. We don’t give that level of disclosure at the moment on our businesses. The Investor Day was to give a long-term -- a sense of our long-term overall portfolio and was more disclosure than we have ever given in the past. So we will take your feedback on that and consider it.
Elizabeth Mann: So thanks for the question. In terms of CapEx as a percent of revenue, again, we have talked about it, that’s not a metric that we target. What we target is strong returns on invested capital for our capital deployment. But if you are benchmarking against our peers, there’s two things that you have to keep in mind in terms of CapEx as a percent of revenue. One is our very high margins, which would make the CapEx as a percent of revenue skewed and maybe we should look at CapEx as a percent of EBITDA or free cash flow. The second point is that our R&D is very low, just given the way that we classify items. And so you should look at CapEx plus R&D, and on that basis, you would get to a more normalized level. As to kind of where we would take it, I think at Investor Day, I pointed to a similar range of sort of high single digits area and we continue to assess what the opportunity is and what’s the best way to create value for shareholders.
