Scott Stephenson: Our focus is on the high mode -- our focus is on the non P&C parts of our business. That said we're always asking questions about the utility of capital we have invested everywhere. But the depth of our analysis is non-PM. You remember that at the beginning of the year, we ask Lee to take responsibility for those businesses, and his review has been everything from operational, to organizational, to the strategic questions that are in the portfolio review.
Scott Stephenson: Well, we're getting -- where we're always starting from is strategy. So what is it that is logical relative to what we're doing that will be meaningful for our customers? And of course we'll filter that through questions like, the size of assets that we might add. You've seen our record recently. We've been focused on, mostly [Indiscernible] I don't want to constrain with -- kind of artificially constrain. Kind of what size range we might be in, but what were driven by is, the logic of 1 plus 1 becoming 3.
Scott Stephenson: Well, maybe a couple of comments here, and Mark (ph) leads our insurance vertical, so please dive in, Mark (ph). But first of all, I think -- I hope folks are familiar with the range of things that we do on behalf of the insurer. So it's everything from how to select risk to half price risk. And then when loss occurs, how to think about the value of the loss, whether the claims, amount of loss is accurate. So we're really across the entire insurance value chain. And one of the things that helps us to be so relevant for our customers is the speed with which we
Scott Stephenson: as it really as their first encounter with industry. And then lead them through a series of development activities and deploy them into the business. We have found doing things like that to actually be more cost constructive than simply going out and hand-to-hand combat with other tech Companies. We do hire people from name-brand technology Companies, but we have found that our own efforts to cultivate our own team have been highly reported. That's not just data science, that is cloud architecture, that is software development, that applies everywhere basically.
Scott Stephenson: standpoint but I think all Companies are. We also are generating probably more net benefits from that. And then finally, I would say on the retention standpoint, there are -- one thing that we often have to take into account is, what is the cost of attrition? You have to bring somebody else in, you have to bring them up the curve. Sometimes that creates opportunities. But often we find that you can realize some attractive efficiencies by retaining the talent upfront as opposed to allowing that talent to attrite. All of those are factors as we think about that cost element.
Scott Stephenson: Well, I would just say in the most general sense, Alex, that it's a comprehensive review that we're doing. As I mentioned upfront, our focus is everything which is outside of the P&C segment. I don't think it would be productive to call out specific parts of our portfolio, I just don't think it's constructive inside of the process that we're on here right now. But we are looking deeply and broadly, essentially at everything. And we're certainly aware of where we stand IN the process of consideration, but I just don't think it's constructive to name individual piece parts at this moment.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. Thank you, Alex. Let me try and give you some context. And I think the most important thing -- the most important element that I would draw your attention to, because I think it represents where we are seeing the most significant impact from our investment in Lens. And I want to differentiate it from the fact that, within energy transition and within chemicals, those are businesses that we had invested in 12, 18 months or so ago and have already been generating double-digit growth. They are becoming a more significant component of that.  But what we are experiencing more recently, which isn't reflected in the revenue numbers yet, is the our ability to increase the pricing on for Lens delivered products. The Lens platform has enabled us to demonstrate to clients improved ability to access and interact with the datasets, with the analytics, and as I've described before, we have been able to translate that into double-digit price increases for those products where Lens is now a component of what we do. That is contributing directly to the reference that I made to the increase in our subscription growth of ours are annualized contract values on where we have seen mid-single-digits and more recently, high single-digits increases in the overall level of that.  As -- to those of you that follow other companies with kind of an ACV dynamic that immediately on hits ACV, but it will be realized over time. The other point that I would emphasize that we mentioned is that we currently our only -- approximately 10% penetrated into our customer base. And so as we further penetrate that customer base and add more products onto the Lens platform over time, it has a multiplicative effect on the revenue opportunity.  And so that's where I would specifically draw all your attention in terms of representing the growth opportunity and for me certainly, the return opportunity on the investment that we've made in Lens that encourages further investment and acceleration of many of those products. All of that is supported by the ongoing growth. Certainly anyone I suspect, on this call has seen the level of focus in the energy transition from all of the press around COP 26 is driving nearly incessant demand or our expertise and our perspectives on the energy transition.  And then finally as we pointed out, the consulting element of the business is also experiencing net cyclical uplift of strength in the sector. So, hopefully that gives you some context around what we are experiencing and how we expect that will continue to translate into improved growth performance as we look ahead.
Scott Stephenson: Yes, Mario (ph). Thank you. We do look at that competitive dynamic. And I would start by saying that our financial services business is at the core, a bench-marking service for the large credit card issuing banks. And that's a very unique position where the large banks trust us to provide their data, so that they can understand their performance against others. There is no one that collects as broad or provide s as comprehensive a bench marking service in that context. And so to a degree that is a less competitive space for us.  Where we do see more competition is around some of the consulting aspects of the business, outside of that bench benchmarking. And in some of our businesses, such as in fraud detection, naturally, there are a lot of small companies and businesses that are offering similar detection fraud of Wheaton's types of solutions. And so that becomes a consideration. So yes, overall, we look at the level of competition. We look at some of the other scale players in the industry, what they're doing in the space and evaluate our competitive strengths and merits that factor into our assessment of our ability to both create value and optimize value for those businesses.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah. So there are multiple elements to our migration. So first of all, every new application is being authored in the Cloud at this point. And we author a lot of new applications, So we're 100% with respect to that, which is current and new. With respect to legacy, we're substantially along the way, but implicit in some things that we said earlier. Not completely done. So we are at the point of essentially turning off our operation of the mainframe that we use to make use up. We are close to the moment when we will shut down our power data centers, but not quite there yet.  And a large, by count, the larger fraction of all of our applications have migrated. Our Legacy applications have migrated into the Cloud. So we're still in process. We're making lots of good progress. And as Lee was referencing before, we've already seen the cash flow benefits associated with this transition. And there is more to come, because we will shut down data centers that aren't yet shutdown. And then the corresponding point on all of that is -- because computing in the Cloud is so productive, one of the things that's happening is we're doing more development in the Cloud. So we've got lots of new things that we're doing that will consume cycles in the Cloud in the future, that we just literally didn't used to do. So there's kind of a
Scott Stephenson: I would describe it as our expectations for the business as a whole and doesn't implicitly assume anything in terms of the portfolio restructuring. As we said before, we expect each of our businesses in a normalized environment to be able to achieve 7% organic growth. Obviously, there has been differentiated performance against that but that's the expectation for the business as currently configured.
Scott Stephenson: Toni, I appreciate the question. I think it's hard to anticipate what the impact on travel is going to be in 2022, and it will fundamentally be driven by what we think is best from a client interaction of business development dimension for the business. I mean, I think that's inherently unknowable at this stage. If we feel that it's in our best interest, as we have new products and want to be in front of clients to develop those ideas, to be out there then than that will influence our T&E spend. And then obviously the environment, in terms of safety and regulatory aspects, is unknown as well.  So I'm very reluctant to make any forecast of what that is going to be because I think it will depend upon the business circumstances and the environment at the time. I do think that we have been able to realize savings. Some of which are structural and which, we think, we will be able to retain over time in terms of real estate costs. It'd probably be a lower level of travel, but in the short-term of -- looking at year-over-year comparisons, I'm just -- I don't think we're in a position to be able to make an estimate of what T&E, as a percent of total revenue is likely to look -- is going to be.
Scott Stephenson: I think the other element, Toni, is our level of headcount growth within this. And here again, you have a tension between the retention element and the retention pressures that we are experiencing our ability to fill those positions. That was clearly an impact in terms of where that influenced our compensation expense in 2021. We would like to be able to certainly recover to where we were and to support the growth of these new initiatives. So that dimension is also difficult to predict.  And is our most significant expense come from -- at about 70% of our overall operating expenses. So that will be just the other area that I think is an uncertain variable. Naturally, we have more control on that but in this regard, we do want to continue to be able to grow headcount to support the development of these businesses, but the environment is making that more challenging from an actual hiring and also from a compensation expense standpoint.
Scott Stephenson: New Energy, they are providing competition. And I think most other large energy data players are certainly looking to take advantage of the demand for analytics and data in the new energy space. We do think that our competitive advantage in that area is one that we have been applying and developing of our specific datasets on the Upstream space, in our PowerAdvocate area in terms of what companies are spending on infrastructure for poor facilities, new-generation capabilities, as well as our familiarity with real-time data that we acquire from our Genscape, which is part of the rationale for why we think that's additive. So we have I think a very valuable dataset, and we have a great brand and reputation in the energy sector. So, there is other competition, but we feel as though we're very competitively differentiated.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So ActiNeo participates in the claims process in the Germany market. The claims process is a very central part of what we do on behalf of all insurers. And, one of the things that applies when you are the kind of data analytics companies that we are, is that methodologies can travel across national boundaries, but you still need data at the local level in order to be able to do analysis that is relevant for the local level. And fundamentally that's what ActiNeo provides. So they're in a particular part of the P&C world in Germany where they face auto and then the medical issues that arise from automobile accidents. That's the part of the marketplace they're at. So the growth that it's going to occur relative to ActiNeo will be along a couple of dimensions. One is being potted in Central Europe,
Scott Stephenson: A couple of comments on Cyber. One is it's an important line, but you have to have that in context as well. It actually is not that big in line when you talk about
Scott Stephenson: I'm sure Andrew. Thanks for the question. There is certainly a sense of the physiclical trends that we're experiencing on the consulting side that are driving some of the strength in the performance of the revenue growth within that sector. And while that's a positive, it is not as much of a focus for us, as the broader --
Scott Stephenson: And Lee if I could just add to what you were saying there just very briefly. And maybe this was a little bit implicit in your question, Andrew. Over the course of the last 7 years, there have been 2 remarkable price shocks in the underlying commodity, particularly oil and gas, petroleum. There has been a Brexit and there has been a pandemic. Hopefully, the next pandemic is decades away from now. The UK can only Brexit once. And the first of the 2 price shocks was totally supply led. It was basically Saudi Arabia sort of flexing muscle with Russia.  And I think it's interesting to consider the fact that on a go-forward basis, Saudi Aramco now answers to market forces in a way that it didn't 7 years ago, where it was like the piggy bank for the royal family. So I think the environment is different than it has been over the last 7 years. And we're structurally different in that our exposure to onto that as a result of the development of our data businesses, the growth of other elements has substantially muted the FB impact of that. There would still some impact that we just described, but it is much less acute and it would have been certainly 3 years ago.
Lee Shavel: ingest data signals which tell us what's going on in the market and then translate them into a forward view and provide that to our customers. So one of the things we do is to move as rapidly as the environment is moving. So you reference exact where. So just to pick that 1 in particular. So we have a very dynamic way of assessing the underlying factor costs associated with repairing a structure and the speed with which we update the data helps our customers to stay ahead of where the likely next claim is going to be with respect to cost.  So the depth of the data and the speed of the data both help us to give really reliable signals to our customers. And yes, the insurance Companies are looking to respond to a marketplace that has been moving around a fair amount. But that's really always the case. There are unique conditions associated with the pandemic. But that's just a particular inside of the general case. So it's speed, it's automation, it's depth of data. Those are all the things that allow us to add a lot of value for our customers.
Lee Shavel: So we add a lot of people to our organization on a consistent basis. So we have very well-established pathways for recruiting talent into the Company that can be from industry, that can be at the entry level. A lot of our focus is on hiring technical talent, something that we've been doing for years now, actually is to go right to the head end of the data analytics and data science. Educational pipelines and basically to build our own programs where we bring people in.
Lee Shavel: And we like -- I think most companies have experienced a degree of the needs to be extra alerts to retain talents coming out on the disruptive, or moving through the disruptive moment that we've been in. But actually our experience has been pretty good. On trend relative to where we've been prior to the pandemic, it's not that different for us. So yeah, we're paying attention, yeah, it's important. We have a diverse set of talent sources, and I would mention here that we operate not only in the United States, but also in other economies around the world, including, we have a very large footprint in India, which gives us additional options for staffing our team. One thing I would add to discuss comments, is of course I appreciate you raising that. I think a lot of businesses are struggling on that front from a recruiting retention standpoint. That's one dimension of it. I think we would recognize that there probably are some -- we're anticipating some higher costs as most companies are.  But we're also experiencing some savings as we adapt to this new environment. We have -- are working through our real estate portfolio, finding efficiencies as we are adopting more remote work. I think our belief is that the level of travel expense is going to be the lower than it was previously. And so while we are experiencing some of those pandemic induced -- spend induced inflationary pressures from a recruiting
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thanks, Ashish. One of the challenges is that there are a lot of elements that factor into margin and I appreciate you raising the shorter-term on dimension. There we're in the third quarter on some impacts on margin. Part of that which we described on where some accept -- an exceptionally difficult comparison to the third quarter, particularly in energy and specialized markets because of some of the furlough compensation reductions that we took in that period that normalized in this period. And some of that will be -- you will see a corresponding rebound in the fourth quarter when we reverse those based upon the performance of the business. And so that's an element that is more acute in the third quarter.  In addition, we had some higher level of legal expenses in the third quarter across some of our businesses. That again, was an acute short-term effect. There will be -- all of that, again, is to say that in the third quarter, there was probably a higher level of expense than we would normally expect impacting margins, that they were still above where we were pre -pandemic. But going forward, I don't think we expect that same acute impact.  There will be ongoing normalization, potentially on travel, potentially on compensation as things normalize. But I think that we will still be able to hold on to some meaningful portion of that structural benefit that we've had come through in the pandemic. Hopefully, that helps you dissect a little bit of some of the short-term elements that impacted us a little heavily in the third quarter and our expectations ahead.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Ashish. If it isn't material enough where we feel that it's necessary to call that out. And I think that when it becomes a market impact or a material impact, we do it but we don't think it rises to that level at this point.
Lee Shavel: put and take. Volume grows in this really productive environment. The legacy stuff gets shut off the net effect of it is, it is beneficial to cash flow and does interact with both the capex and OpEx lines.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Toni. On the first question I think there are a range of other players at one level, I think you have the high-level consultants that are like Mackenzie or Boston Consulting that are doing a lot of work in the energy transition space that is high-end. And we have consulting consultants that also do that work. So there's competition on that -- on that front. There are in kind of thought pieces around what's happening. I think with Bloomberg,
Lee Shavel: we will seek opportunities to push the method out into other national economies. But secondly, we've got a whole set of claims solutions where the methodologies are perfectly applicable to the German market. Now we will have a [Indiscernible] in which to go in behind the relationships with the Germany Companies that come along with ActiNeo. And now present our other solutions basically. And then we'll do what we always do, which is aggregate ideally contributory data which is specific and which is even unique inside these customer relationships. And then just have the cumulative benefit, a deeper connection with customers, more forms of value, because we have more kinds of data. But within general categories like claims, underwriting is another general category.
Lee Shavel: direct rent written premiums. So you have sort of the emergence of Cyber cover is enabling, is still actually still waiting to happen. But we take a very broad -- our positioning is that we have the broadest set of offerings of all with respect to Cyber stuff, you're asking about us versus other providers because we sort of -- we're sort of soup to nuts in the cyber space. So we model way upfront so that you can have a high-level portfolio view of the amount of cyber risk you might you might be holding as an insurer in your portfolio. We actually can diligence individual companies for the cyber risk that they represent.  And that can be used in the risk selection and underwriting process. And then on the back-end, we've actually got a completely unique activity which is through our PCS unit, where in the same way the ensures tell us after a natural disaster exactly what they're -- progressively with time they tell us what their actual claims experience was denominated. We now have a variety of insurance who are doing that with us in the Cyber now. So, there isn't any other Company that does those 3 things that I just mentioned. So our positioning is tied strongly to Brad, and we're very happy to be in this place and happy with what we're doing against the line that gets a lot of attention but it's not -- there isn't really that much premium in the Cyber line just yet.
Lee Shavel: So it is not inside our pattern of thought, Andrew (ph), to say we need to be an end vertical markets. That -- we don't have that thought at all, actually. And so it simply would not be in our analysis or pattern to say, well, okay. We may have stepped out of this vertical market or that vertical market. Here are some proceeds and less investment in the next -- new vertical market. That is not the way that we think, not at all. So I think that's the primary answer to your question, but I will go back to what Mark said before. One of the really nice opportunities for our Company, is a function of the fact that you get to observe so much of the economy through the mechanism of insurance.  Because almost everything is insured. Maybe it's not as completely insured as it should be, but more or less, every category of asset is insured. So you get to see what's going on economy-wide. And my point here is, that we really like solutions where -- I'll call it the killer app, grows up in the insurance vertical. But then it's extensible to other customer groups. Oh, great. Particularly, it doesn't need to be modified very much in order for it to be relevant to that next customer groups.  So I'm really sending you 2 messages here and I think they are clear and I hope we have them distinct, which is we don't need to platform ourselves in other verticals. We are interested in following from the powerful place of the insurance industry and the killer apps inside of the insurance industry. If they have applicability in other places, that's good business. And we'll pursue that all day but we want it yoked to the power place where we start.
Lee Shavel: what I would describe as secular trend to understanding the datasets for the energy transition and our structural ability to tie those datasets together through the Lens platform, which I was describing earlier on in response to Alex 's question. And so that, we believe is the more material secular trend within the business, that as opposed to existing within those discrete upstream, midstream, downstream, chemicals, elements, we're now looking at data across that, and building an architecture that allows us to meet those growing needs. I do think that some of the cyclical short-term uplift is encouraging more adoption of those broader applications that we've described. So there is a bit of a tailwind effect that we're beginning to experience certainly on the subscription side. And then as we realize the revenue from that subscriptions, it should become more apparent in the overall revenue results.
