Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. And it's certainly something that we're watching very carefully and expect to manage very actively in 2021. I think you characterized it accurately. In terms of the - we are expecting that as and if the pandemic impacts continue to abate over time, the revenue impact relative to our targeted growth rate should be more modest. So, we're certainly hoping for improvement in that regard. However, as you saw in our expense management in 2020 and not just including the T&E expense, which as we mentioned represented about a 220 basis point benefit to our margin, but also our management of headcount levels, incentive compensation levels in the fourth quarter and over the course of 2020 reflected an ability to manage that expense impact. Now, naturally as we move into what is hopefully a more constructive environment, we will want to normalize the earnings level — normalize the headcount level for the business to pursue the very attractive opportunities that we have with our clients. We have control both over the level of certainly headcount that we are taking on and T&E and our objective will be to manage that in a way where we hold on to as much of the benefit that we experienced in 2020 as we can. But we are expecting that on year-over-year, particularly as we anniversary the onset of the pandemic that we will see an uptick. But we - overall, we'll try to manage that in a way where we preserve our operating leverage and that becomes a clear, as we talk about it, through the course of the year.
Lee Shavel: Well, thank you very much. I would say, we'll get - at this stage, it's very early. I do know and respect those teams and what they have accomplished. I'm looking forward to working with them more closely. Our overall objective as it has been - at a corporate level has been focusing on how we can invest in those businesses, generate good returns and support the strong position that they operate in and really extend the growth that they represent. So, at this stage, no clear determinations. I'm really just looking forward to spending more time with them on the operating side and determining how we can make them more effective, enhance the growth story and continue to find good opportunities to invest.
Lee Shavel: The only thing I would add is that, as with all of the businesses within Financial Services, we are leveraging an exceptional dataset in that core business that allows us to triangulate in on issues like fraud in ways that other players in the industry can't. So, we're looking for angles where we can utilize that insight to create a differentiated product.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Thank you, Jeff. This is Lee. So, I would break it down into a couple of influences. Within Wood Mackenzie, the things that we would point out is that, we saw a modest but positive growth in the subscription side of the business. And so, that I think is a reflection of the durability and the value of those products, even in this more challenging environment. And so, it also, I think is reflective of the value of the investment that we've made in Lens because that subscription component and particularly the pricing on renewals that has benefited from our clients receptivity to what Lens provides them. So, I think that's the core positive and of particular note in a challenging environment for the industry, where the end market, I think, has had a different experience. On the consulting side, that's where on a year-over-year basis, we're — in reported revenues, we are still seeing that 30% year-over-year decline within that business. However, our sense is that, our clients are engaging more actively on the consulting dialogue and we feel better about where the pipeline is headed in that area. So, that is not been demonstrated the financial impact yet, but we feel a little bit better about the level of engagement with clients. And then within Power Advocate, we are experiencing some pressure, particularly on the implementation side of the equation for our clients. We've had some of our clients that experiencing the pressure of this environment have pulled back or reduced, but we still seeing strong demand over the near-term for the cost management and supply chain dimensions of that product side as a whole. And I don't want to overlook also our health and safety business, which continues to contribute strong revenue growth within this segment as a whole, as well as strong EBITDA growth and operating leverage within that business. So that gives you I think the three primary areas within that segment, and some of the elements of the growth for that.
Lee Shavel: So - and, I guess, the way I will address it and happy to spend time later in talking through your build back analysis. But when we think about the expenses, we want to kind of remove the inorganic component, so that we understand the trends. And I think simplistically, while our overall revenue growth rate was in kind of the 3.5% level, we were able to reduce overall expenses on a year-over-year basis as a function of headcount controlled and T&E. And so, our frame of mind as we're looking at the organic growth of the business that we were able to make that adjustment in expenses downward, which allowed us to deliver the strong EBITDA growth performance even despite that decline in the revenue growth. As we look ahead to 2020, we are expecting a higher level of growth if these trends continue with regard to the pandemic. And as a consequence, from an expense standpoint, we are expecting a higher growth rate. We're not expecting expenses to decline. And so, the year-over-year comparisons are higher, but we're going to try to manage those in a way where we preserve that operating leverage and hold onto as much of that benefit - as much of that benefit as we practically can while still pursuing our client events. I know that doesn't put that in the context that you're asking, but it's kind of the I think the best way to think about the overall performance of trends, absent the - naturally the impact from an M&A standpoint. But we'll be happy to spend more time with you later on the way you're thinking about it.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. Hamzah, this is Lee. So, it is a - and while you were referring to, it's kind of in aggregate as a transactional business, we're really talking about probably a dozen to 20 individual products that have various transactional elements, everything from the consulting business at Wood Mackenzie, some of the consulting and the analytics projects in Financial Services, the claims business with auto claims that are driven by it. So, you have a lot of different, different factors. And so, if you can think about it over time and if I describe it in 2020, we had some businesses that demonstrated as the year progressed pick up in driving activity. And so, when we talked about the improved performance within Insurance on our COVID-sensitive revenues, it was reflecting in earlier impact and benefit from the uptick in driving and driving activity and those - that portion of that transactional business. While the consulting revenue on the Energy side, which is not going to be tied as directly to a possible impact is going to improve over a longer period. And in Financial Services, we were seeing a dynamic where the weakness in the fourth quarter reflected an increasing - what we interpreted as increasing concern over potential credit losses, which caused them to pull back on some of their project analytics in the fourth quarter where we typically see stronger elements. So to try to get to your - to give you an answer is that, as we look across all of these products, as we proceed through 2021, as things improve, we'll see - we should see gradual improvements but at different rates within each of those businesses. So there is no simple answer because it involves multiple products with differing levels of impact across that. So, hopefully, that gives you some context, but I can't kind of define it more precisely for you.
Lee Shavel: Yeah. George, thanks for the question. It's Lee. So, it's a great question. And when we look at that in the fourth quarter and recognizing that it is fourth quarter, I would say that there was more of an impact on that on the transactional - on the contract transitions. And some of that involved kind of restructuring our contracts to better reflect the annuity nature of our business and we also had some contract transitions that were a result of some strategic exits from a portion of our businesses. But that probably had a more significant impact in the fourth quarter relative to some of the environmental impacts and - which were, as I described in the recent - another question recently, was that, we saw some weakness in the banks pulling back on some of their project - the project analytics, which had a - had an overall impact - negative impact. So, that gives you kind of a rough proportion, probably a little bit more on that contract transition. But there was also a meaningful impact from what we were seeing in the project analytics front.
