Mark V. Anquillare: So, Tim, thanks for the question. I think your math is good. To the extent you think about the FTC costs, which we do agree are onetime, and the nature of the change in accounting, the 90 bps is about right in both cases. I'll continue to just to highlight that we have a high degree of good feelings about the business into 2015, especially around margin performance. We think that we have scale in all of those businesses. What we continue to, obviously, balance is the investment in the business to make sure that we grow into the future. So our view is, we're feeling very positive about where margins should be anticipated in 2015, moderated by what I would say is some overlap in investment. The other thing I'll highlight to the team, I think we tried to bring it out inside of the conversation, the script is that the iPass reorganization, albeit a $4.8 million number, is probably something that will come back into the P&L in 2015. We are looking to redeploy those resources.
Mark V. Anquillare: And we would take that growth and grow it off of the $279.5 million that we were describing throughout the day.
Mark V. Anquillare: Toni, so I just want to try to catch the question. Very similar to what we've talked in the past, from a seasonal perspective, the suites (30:32) regarding Medicare Advantage and the work that we do with RQI is second-half weighted. So we have talked about 60% at the end of the second half, 40% in the first. And I think you'll see that same type of ramp as we progress through the year. If your question is a little broader kind of to the one we had earlier, I think I'll kind of reinforce Scott's position. I think we're feeling good about the business as a whole. I think we're feeling good about healthcare. And one of the things I think you probably noted in the way we described the growth, RQI, which is more transactional, has been strong but so is the payment accuracy side of the business which is a fundamental fraud fighting kind of expertise that we have and we felt good about that. Final element or final component from the healthcare perspective, population management is the rage right now. Everyone's trying to find ways to better consume healthcare and probably get better outcomes for less cost. And that trend, that interest, I think will continue to spur our Enterprise Analytics business. So across the board, I think we look forward to 2015.
Mark V. Anquillare: Thanks, Andrew. Let me take that. This is Mark. First of all, I think we had a strong year from Risk Assessment. I think we have fundamentals in the businesses are as strong as ever and the position we have is strong as ever. A couple things to highlight if I think about the fourth quarter. First of all, some of our content is actually licensed through vendors, and that revenue is strong. It's been a component of a license and there's some royalties. So we saw some pickup there, so that's good news and hopefully that will continue into 2015. And I think I've highlighted some other elements of Risk Assessment. We've talked about Risk Analyzer, which is our predicted modeling. We've moved from very much focused on personal auto but into homeowners as well as into the commercial line space and that has been up – the uptake there has been very strong and very good. We've had some good news around what is our electronic rating content. That's the way we take our loss cost and our rules and embed it deeply into our customers' workflows. And finally even Workers' Comp, which we haven't talked a lot about, had some good legs in the quarter and we think will continue. So those are the features of the fourth quarter, which I think will bode well into 2015. And I think to answer the second part of your question, at this point you referenced about invoices; you're right there out. And I think we've done what we've consistently tried to do. We've tried to deliver value to our customers, reflect that in the invoices. At this point in time, though, you have to remember that more than 50% of the way we're contracted with customers, it really is about longer-term contracts now that they're committed to, they're multiple year. So it's not as much annual recalculations. And I think we're going to see a consistent growth reflecting the value we provide.
Mark V. Anquillare: So thanks for the question. I think what we've seen inside of the financial services category is really the fundamentals of the business where we've been able to actually take that product and extend it internationally has helped. And that's progress, and I think that's something that we'll continue to see in 2015. The other thing that is a little bit more project work, I don't want to suggest that's a big, big number, but that is a typical kind of bit of a surge at year end where people and customers have some dollars to spend and they try to get their money's worth at year end. So I wouldn't necessarily annualize that base. But the underlying fundamentals internationally is very good. And the other thing that I will highlight is the world of marketing and advertising effectiveness, which is a way to go about helping advertisers understand how good and how effective their advertising is based upon the consumer and the spend is a very big category for us, and that continues to grow nicely and will have legs into 2015.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure, and I believe your question there was on a broader context, the SG&A category throughout the corporation. I think we have a constant goal to try to be continuously improving those operations, and inside the SG&A category, I think we've been pretty successful there. Couple things that I'll highlight. We've done some data center consolidation. We continue to see benefits from that. I'm not sure that those benefits will increase as much into 2015. The other thing that helped us in 2014 was pension, and the pension assets performed extremely well. So there was good news in a reduction to the pension cost in 2014. As we roll into 2015, the mortality tables have changed, offsetting what was good news inside of the pension asset returns. So the pension will actually cost us more into 2015. I think those couple things are more or less offsetting. I would just see some gradual increase in SG&A maybe up a little from what you've seen in 2014.
Mark V. Anquillare: So from a project-related work, the things that typically come to mind both in our cat modeling category and what we refer to as the loss quantification, which is Xactware, sometimes there's work that's done on behalf of a customer to more deeply integrate the models into their environments. Obviously, cat bonds is the other element. Although these are big, sometimes they do flux into fourth quarter. I don't think there was anything to call out in the fourth quarter inside the insurance category. It was probably a little bit more than other quarters, but nothing unusual.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think we've always said we have a preferenced investor in our business and we always balance between acquisitions and then share repurchases, and this was just the right time given market conditions.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. We feel good about the business. The growth in 2014 was broadly based across many different solution sets. We expect the growth in 2015 to be broadly based across several solution sets. One of the metrics that, among several, but one that some folks follow is the rate of growth in the Medicare Advantage population. It's been the case, and we expect it will continue to be the case, that in that segment of what we do, we would grow faster than the underlying market, which is actually true of a lot of what Verisk does across our many solution sets. So we feel very good about our growth into 2015.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, our mix is by degrees different from theirs. And so we're certainly interested in an (24:14) company with whom we compete in some categories. But our reference point is really us and the solutions that we've got and the customers that we're serving. And this is one of the places inside of Verisk where, as we've said in the past, we've actually got secular tailwinds in the form of just kind of the underlying demand in the market, and it causes us to feel good about where we sit. We have strengthened the business operationally and expect to continue to do that. So it's a positive outlook for us inside of the healthcare space.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, maybe other than sort of the obvious one about the FTC process last year. I wouldn't call it a road block, but I would describe us as a very thoughtful acquirer. There are any number of transactions that we could have closed over the course of the last 12 months to 18 months, some of which you actually would have heard about if you observed the space around us where, just based upon our sense of valuation versus the sellers' ambitions, we were definitely positioned to buy businesses, but for valuation considerations chose not to. So we don't actually feel constrained and are leaning very heavily into the M&A agenda.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So just to go back to fundamentally why we're making this change, our customers in the context of the Accountable (sic) [Affordable] Care Act, are being measured and managed on their medical loss ratios. And they need to make sure that they don't fall below levels that the government has identified as the benchmark. So what they're interested to do is to have as many costs reflected in the expense line, which is the numerator of the calculation. One of those expenses that our customers would like to have in that numerator is the cost of prospective health assessments, and that's the product line that Mark was describing. In order for us to provide the service and book the gross revenue, we would have to have – we would have to be treated as if we were a provider. We would have to have a provider ID. We're not interested in being that. We're not interested in having the liability associated with being a provider. So all we've done is we've said that the pass-through revenue associated with that service, we're just not going to book as revenue anymore. Otherwise, we're still providing the service just as much as we did before. We're simply changing the way that we account for it, and that is the only change. And it really has zero interaction with our business going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Okay. So let me – two very different questions, both good questions. So the insurance market has its ebbs and its flows. We're in a place right now where it certainly is not growing at high rates. It cycles around a little bit, but as we've often described, our opportunity is really based on the amount of value that we can create for our customers, the amount of innovation we can put into existing and new solutions. And so our situation is very similar to what it has always been, which is we love the insurance market and our customers. It's a steady market, which is of course what we all look to insurance for, and our performance is going to be a function of the innovation and value that we can bring. On the Aerial Imagery front, I just really want to emphasize two things that I hope are clear, but just to make sure. The first one is we've got fully dimensioned analytics already; the analytics are already built. And the second is that we have a set of images that cover the entire country. So we're all dressed up and ready to go. The ongoing issue with respect to imagery is that we would like to see the quality of the images improved and, in fact, that was part of the thought process around EVT was that we would start with their library but improve it. We're now discussing multiple additional ways that we could go about doing that, and we will inform you when we have chosen which of those paths we're going to go down. But we feel very good about where we sit, and we feel very bullish about the business going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: Maybe just to amplify a little bit on that point. There are a couple of sort of emerging customer sets in the healthcare world. One would be the accountable care organizations and integrated delivery networks and their ilk and the other would be the exchanges both public and private. And we feel very good about the territory we've been able to claim in both of those categories, which is a source of encouragement for us on where we're headed.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I appreciate the qualifier on your question because it's just important to bear in mind that cat bonds are one of many ways that catastrophe risk gets managed and transferred. And in fact, it's one of the lesser ways, so it's identifiable because there are discreet transactions and we do very well on the category. In 2014, we had about 80% of all those transactions, but I just encourage you to keep it in context. Overall, it is a small part, a very small part, of the revenue associated with what we do in catastrophe modeling. So that said, cat bonds lite, you're still going to need a calculation agent that's going to stand as a third party to render a dispassionate and technically deep view of what's going on. And so if that was to expand that market overall a little bit, that would be great. We expect to still be highly competitive with respect to what's going on there.
Scott G. Stephenson: I'll just add those multi-year contracts Mark was referencing, they always increase year – they always carry year-over-year price escalators.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, of course, what we do is extremely broadly based; we're in multiple verticals, et cetera. So I don't think there's one answer really to your question. I would say that the demand factors across the vertical markets that we serve are, at least, as strong as they have been. So if you think of that as foundational, I would say at least as strong as they have been in the recent and intermediate past. And as is always the case with our company, in 2014, including in the fourth quarter, we found ways based upon value to grow our business at a rate which was greater than that of our customers and the underlying markets and we believe that that dynamic will continue to apply in 2015. And we have definitely been doing a lot of investing into the business to try to create new solutions, to try to re-platform existing solutions. All of these things are pro-growth, and we are definitely focused on the organic growth of our business.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. We don't see kind of what you're hypothesizing there. We don't actually see that. The long-term factor inside of Medicare Advantage is an aging population and a preference for the Medicare Advantage product. So I'm not quite sure whose projection you're referencing. First, the most recent look at growth in the enroll populations was actually very strong, high single-digits. So between that and our own work, to make what we do valuable for our customers, we feel good about the environment.
Scott G. Stephenson: Imagery is a high priority for us, and we believe that imagery will play a number of roles inside of Verisk. So the first order role is the existing product set, which is using images in the process of responding to property claims. The next most important use will be as it relates to a higher degree of automation in the underwriting process, where imagery will play a role in that. And beyond that, we think that the interpretation of images, whether they're taken from 50 miles above the Earth or a couple thousand feet above the Earth or a couple hundred feet above the Earth from a drone, all of those need to be brought together into a kind of one unified way of dealing with imagery so that you get to the best solution at the lowest cost. EagleView plays at one of those levels today, primarily. We intend to play at all of those levels. That is part of what we think is important here. And the other part is that just like with most of what we do, there's also a very important requirement to distinguish based on analytics and the workflow by which the analyzed output gets into the customers' own process. We intend to be doing all of those things in order to make it happen for our customers. And so we believe the category is important. We believe that we will bring a lot of strength to this, and as I said, the only part of it that might register as a question is where will the images come from? Again, just want to underline, we already have the images for the entire country and the objective for us is to get, yet, more precise images. And we feel very confident that we are able to do that and we are really sorting among the options for doing that right now.
Scott G. Stephenson: So we feel very good about the customer list. We have many of the name brand commercial carriers among customers for what it is that we do. Our sense is that we are a share leader in the business. It's also clear to us, however, that we don't work with everyone and we don't have all of the available business from those with whom we do work.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, definitely. Those are the places where our business actually responds to events. Now that said, in the course of the year, there are lots of natural events, natural – and I'm trying not to say catastrophe. There's a lot of claims that are not related to catastrophes, and so the overall claims volume is going to be a function of not just one event, but a whole lot of events, some larger, some smaller, some that relate more to flooding, some that relate more to atmospherically driven events. So I would encourage you not to get overly focused and think that there's some enormous surge based on any one event. But it is the case that when there are more property claims, there's more call upon the Xactware platform. We have, by the way, in that business, we've worked to have a balance between committed subscriptions and transaction-based revenues. And, in fact, the mix has shifted more towards the committed volume side so that dampens the effect somewhat. Definitely it's the case that everybody gets more sensitized to the need for good modeling when there are large-scale events that go on and, yeah, rates generally tend to harden when there's more claims. So I think you did identify the cause-and-effect levers that are in there. Again, I would just say any one event or any one moment in the course of the year, don't overweigh it too much because there are a lot of different ways that there is damage to property and claims are being filed.
Scott G. Stephenson: It's one-time. I mean, we had earmarked capital for a $650 million acquisition, which we were in pursuit of for about a year. And we felt that when it was clear that for the reasons I stated earlier, we weren't going to do the transaction, that the responsible thing to do where our shareholder were concerned was to return the capital to them. It doesn't infringe our opportunity to do M&A in the future. But at the same time, we felt that it was a responsible move at a particular moment in time but definitely in response to the one-time event of the EVT transaction.
Scott G. Stephenson: Thank You. We appreciate everybody joining us here for our Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. I appreciate your interest. And we look forward to seeing many of you at Investor Day next week, and of course we'll speak to you next quarter. Thanks for your time today.
