Scott Stephenson: Yes. Thanks Toni. Two things immediately come to mind. One is I would say almost every Insurance company CEO believes and expects that they can find ways to make their company grow faster than their competitors, faster than the industry. And I think that's really significant because it means that what they are leaning into is improved methodologies. They're not just trying to sort of hunker down and play a cost game, they are looking to grow their businesses and they realize that the world around them really has changed and continues to change because of technology. So I would say that that's really the first and the most important thing that's going on. I would say a second thing that is also pretty obviously true, I would say, especially for the mid and larger companies, is they are really persuaded of the importance of accessing partnerships and supply from outside of their own companies. In other words, they realize that there are ways that their businesses can be benefited by tying in with others, and so I see a lot more partnering, I see a lot more venture investing, as they try to get closer to technology, and I just see a lot more outreach to a company like ourselves that is recognized as being sort of distinctively able to help across multiple fronts. So these are very constructive meetings, they are partnership meetings.
Scott Stephenson: David, it's Scott here. Yes, the business does that. I think that many of the folks on the call today are familiar with, what we call our four distinctives, which we talk about a lot, which is just to remind everybody, our unique data assets, deep domain expertise, first mover advantage and deep embedment and customer workflows; and what we do in Financial Services has all four of those qualities. So as Lee previously talked about some of the things that have sort of moved through the business of late, we talked about the sort of the lumpy quality of the way that some of the revenues have been recognized in the past. What I would go back to is, that the heart of the business is built on consortium data, which is absolutely unique and unlike the data, which is available to anyone else, including the players you just mentioned, on top of which then, we have very deep relationships with our customers and really a large data platform, which is really remarkable for a company of that size. So all of the conditions are there and then I would also say, again echoing what Lee said, the strength of portfolio analytics, plus the spend analytics that we do, are the leading parts of the business and they're actually healthy. So we expect that as these other effects sort of washed through you'll get sort of a more clear view of those things built upon the distinctives, which really will power the business going forward.
Scott Stephenson: Well, I mean, yes, but no. So you observe something, yes. But the implication, I don't think is right. So yes we need to be running things in parallel and we have been investing as Lee has referenced several times, to build the platform. But the actual operation of the platform, I mean one of the things that's so constructive inside of our business, is that we enjoy the gift of Moore's Law every day. And so actually, the cost of compiling data or even processing data inside of the platform that you have built, the incremental cost is not really all that great. I'm not saying that it's zero. So you're correct about what we will do operationally. But I think the implication you are trying to reach in terms of operating expense going forward is not so accurate.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So those of you, who have followed us, know that the majority, in fact, a large majority of the data that we've had up until today, has been mostly about the commercial dimensions of the oil and gas business. So observations about productivity and the cost factors associated with the assets that produce either the raw materials or the refined materials. So those are the datasets that have typically traditionally been a part of what we do. The datasets we are adding are what we call the sub-surface datasets, and these are the ones that take into account the actual real-time operations, even in the oilfield, in combination with the nature of the rock and the nature of the fluids and the nature of the fields. So that we can complement everything we've already done - always done, with basically much more real-time optimization of the operations of our customers' assets. And this is something that we haven't done as much of, in fact very little of, up till now. So the datasets relate to that; real-time operational optimization.
Scott Stephenson: Well, yes. So whenever we talk about the consortium dataset, you're always you're always talking about specific customers and generally specific product sets or specific places. So that does apply and, excuse me, in what we're doing in building these new datasets the subsurface data sets, and our focus right now, predominantly is the lower 48 in the United States, where the need the situation in the United States is different than the situation in most other parts of the world. And because of the United States. What the operators are doing is basically saying that particular rig should I move 2000 feet and I can move it and four days later, have one thousand foot well that's producing, and so that, that's the speed with which strategy quote unquote is being set and operations are being rebalanced in the United States.
Scott Stephenson: So, Bill I am going to assumes that is a continuation of the conversation we had on insurance. So we think there's a lot more to do in the UK. So we'll continue to push there. I think what we've identified is looking at like markets. Looking at places that have a more mature insurance marketplace. And a gross premium and a growing gross premium. We have really identified Europe but more specifically Germany and France is kind of the next couple of places that are of interest. Down the road, I think everyone thinks about kind of emerging markets and emerging insurance markets like China and India. We aren't turning our back on that. We're keeping an eye on it, but we kind of think to your point, trying to stay close to the markets that are little more mature in Europe is probably the best next step for us.
Scott Stephenson: It's a combination of the two. And it really hinges upon how much analytic content we get into what we do. So there are players today that will provide observations about a number of this sort of individual parameters that apply when you're trying to understand the productivity of real-time operations. So from one place you can get data as it relates to, for example, the completion strategies that have been taken for the individual. Well, there are other sources, where you can make sure that you have completely identified the leasing --the lease holding an ownership structure of whatever patch of land, you're talking about and then other places you can go for the heavy size technology work and on and on and on like that. So part of what we will do is to increasingly make those kinds of those kinds of data available to our customers. But then, over and above that, what doesn't exist so much in the marketplace today is the - is really the AI machine learned expression of all of that data in quantity across heterogeneous situations. So that in an automated fashion, you can really make predictions and drive decisioning, and there we expect, because we're Verisk, we will be distinguished. How much those kinds of solutions generate completely original revenue streams versus how much they displace, for example, some of these bespoke datasets. I would say that remains to be seen. The primary point here is, there is the opportunity for differentiation.
Scott Stephenson: Yes, so, you definitely understood what I was saying upfront. All eight of those trends apply broadly across our company, but specifically in the Insurance vertical. I mean if you just step back and you say okay, this environment - this Insurance environment, what characterizes it? The customer set is relatively stable. There are occasionally some large merger transactions and there are some segments like global reinsurance brokers, where there has been some of that seasonally. But by and large, the customer demography is steady. Regulation really doesn't change that much. Energy - excuse me, technology is a constructive factor, as it relates to a company like us, because back to the top, every - virtually every one of our customers believes they can grow faster than their competitors. And so everybody is trying to behave innovatively, and so that's, that's just inherently constructive for folks like us. And then if you think about all of the - the many references that we've made this morning, they are just new things that we're doing and bringing to the market that don't exist. And so it's a constructive environment. I mean, the United States Property and Casualty Insurance industry, our home market is the granddaddy of large-scale contributory data analytics. I mean it was invented that way practically. And so we really have this wonderful privilege of being who we are inside of that very constructive environment.
Scott Stephenson: I would just add the recent movement in the commodity is within a range that we don't consider it material to the performance of our business.
Scott Stephenson: Okay. Well thank you all very much for your continued interest in Verisk, and we look forward to following up with a number of you, as well as those who are taking a new look at Verisk, based upon our new capital policy, including the dividend. So look forward to our continuing conversations with you. Thanks, thanks for this morning and your attention.
Lee Shavel: Thanks Toni. This is Lee. So I think it's - I would start off by saying, certainly all our businesses, we think have superb operational and operating leverage. And so, as you know, across the organization, our expectation is that each of the businesses will demonstrate improvement in margin. I think it's a fair observation that in 2018, there was a high level of investment in a variety of initiatives, Geomni, Lens, IoT and telematics, where we chose to make those investments and that - those obviously had a negative impact on margin. But notwithstanding that, I want to reiterate as I mentioned in my comments that both - for the fourth quarter and for the year as a whole, when you normalize for the storm activity, we had margin expansion on the year-over-year periods. And so from our perspective, recognizing that storm revenue and the implementation revenue for TSYS was 100% margin, and so that certainly skewed that year-over-year comparison. We believe that we delivered margin expansion, as well as substantial investment in the businesses for that period. In 2019, we won't have that storm comparison and as Scott indicated, we still see very attractive opportunities to invest. But I think it's fair to say that probably in 2018, from a scale standpoint, particularly around Geomni, it was a higher level, consistent with our CapEx guidance that was acceleration. We expect to see that absolute level of investment decline as a percentage of revenue. So we feel good about the opportunity to strive towards our goal of margin expansion.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Hamzah, this is Lee. Thanks for that question. So the process is essentially in recognizing in project related revenues. I think the tendency in the past had been to recognize more of that revenue upfront. I think as we have the flexibility in structuring those relationships as new business comes on, we are - and this is not perspective, this is already occurring, we are structuring the relationship, so that revenue is realized over time, so that we don't have these large chunks of revenue that create that variability. So that is part of the objective. That's a structural initiative as we work with clients. But also I think fundamentally, as we think about developing the growth of the business, our focus is on building the sustainable growth component off of the four constituent businesses that we've described before. So that it is more incremental growth across that base. I think both of those will contribute to more stable, less variable revenue and profitability over time.
Lee Shavel: Thanks David, it's Lee, let me take that. So we - in setting that level, we looked at the payout ratio, really also what proportion of capital are we allocating to the dividend and an eye on kind of yield and where yields are out there. We recognize that investors will expect and reward growth in the dividend over time, and we certainly believe that our ongoing earnings growth will provide a very strong consideration for these decisions by our Board in the future. We also expect to weigh capital investment and return opportunities in the allocation decisions ahead. So all of those I think factor into it, but there clearly is recognition that there will be an expectation, given our overall growth that there - that the dividend should grow as well. And that's what we will balance looking ahead in advises with the Board on these decisions.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Manav. We will lap that in the first quarter of 2019. So we were still experiencing that headwind in the fourth quarter, but that will go away in the first quarter of 2019.
Lee Shavel: No, I think Scott covered it. I would just make the comment that Lens really represents the platform that enables us to continue the evolution of a very good research and consulting business into increasingly a data analytics business that can serve a broader customer base, can develop and integrate data products more effectively, which is beneficial both from a revenue growth standpoint, as well as from a margin perspective. And I would just finally add that the team there continues to work on operational efficiencies, to improve the margin as well.
Lee Shavel: Yes, and I would go more broadly. And I think that definitely has some relevance with regard to our transition to cloud, where we are making investments and see opportunities to find greater efficiencies, where we still have legacy costs. I think that is - would be a valid observation, not so much in this context. So thank you for the questions.
Lee Shavel: Yes. So, Bill, I know the reason we try to focus on organic constant currency numbers is that we can't predict what's going to happen from an FX standpoint. So we're focusing on results excluding the FX range. I do think generally given the very strong US orientation of our business. Generally, the fact that that Wood Mack has a mix of US and international revenues, we think overall the exposure is relatively low. So I'd say proportionally we don't think it will have a big impact, but our focus is always to try to eliminate that factor which we can't completely control.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Jeff. I think we have time for two more questions. Operator Our next question comes from the line of George Tong of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Lee Shavel: Sure. So George, this is Lee, and I'm going to refer back to the kind of description in the organization that Lisa gave at Investor Day. And so, I think it's helpful if you think about it in the four components. The foundation of this business is the benchmarking solutions business. And as we indicated, the growth in that part of the business remains very stable. In addition, the spend-informed analytics component remains solid. The two areas where in the fourth quarter and I think represent our opportunity to make progress is in the enterprise data management component, and that really is an emerging space, it is one where we are finding opportunities to develop new data management solutions for our customers. Given our scale, given our expertise, and that's something that we certainly think, based upon feedback from clients is very positive. But that is something that we will develop over time. We're encouraged by the initial responses. And the other element is the fraud component, and that's an area, similarly where we - I feel very good about the contributions from our acquisition of LCI and G2, we are in the process of developing some of the infrastructure, some of the product sets around that, and we think that over time, that area will also be a stronger contributor to the growth overall. So that would be the way I would kind of organize thinking around where we see or where we have an immediate focus on improving the growth rate for that business.
Lee Shavel: Sure. So I think in that - that's principally the consulting - consulting component business that was - it was still growing and growing at a higher rate than our subscription business. But the third quarter was particularly strong, and so I think that contributed at one level to a slight - and I would just view it as kind of a slight slowdown relative to the third quarter level. But overall, I think we see progress in this - continued progress in the subscription component of the business, particularly as it relates to the new breakout initiatives that are generating strong subscription growth within that segment.
Lee Shavel: Yes, so on tax, I think based upon what we see right now, obviously, any changes in tax legislation. I think that 19% to 21% range is a good basis. On interest expense, it's not something that we give formal guidance, we - obviously that's going to flex based upon what happens within the business and our capital allocation decisions. So I think kind of starting with the point of just stability in overall debt levels and looking at the average rates is probably a middle of the way road to go. But I wouldn't give you any specific guidance beyond that, because that will adjust based upon our capital allocation decisions over time, I would expect that we remain within this - within this leverage range, absent any other material changes.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, thank you. This is Mark. Just to kind of follow up on the question. So I think what we've seen is, it's a bit of a build and buy scenario. So what we are now doing, which is become a very powerful in front of customers is, we've taken many of our solutions and we started to integrate them in a more holistic way. So walking into a customer as opposed to buying all these point solutions, there is an attractiveness of knowing that your data is going to flow from the beginning of a process that starts at maybe a quote or an underwriting decision on through the process, so you can see it from a portfolio perspective in some of our catastrophe modeling solutions, and all of that is information that's embodied in the solution at Sequel. The concept and the construct here is, I can do it more effectively, I can do it more efficiently and I can do it more accurately. And on top of that backbone, we've added some of, I will refer to it the ISO and some of the other analytics that has been so powerful here in the States. So that continues to evolve. I think we'll be able to do more and more with customers as we gain access to more data, and maybe just to take your question one step further, to maybe highlight that - I think we see London as being kind of a gateway into the international community, especially with the specialty lines. So as we win these contracts, we're doing work, not just in the UK, but with companies who are located in UK, but are underwriting business throughout the world. So our next step into other geographies is that much easier.
Mark Anquillare: I think that was well said. I think it goes back to the earlier comment I made about partnerships in conversations with CEOs. In the world of data, obviously, our customers and many people feel their data is valuable. So we need to provide them with valuable use cases back to their businesses, in order for them to let us use the data. So having the great partnerships and relationships is very important. We continue to be a trusted intermediary for that data, and we feel that it's a privileged position.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So this is Mark. I think your question is directed insurance and at the same time, we have been extended beyond that. So first of all, we've been very pleased with the takeaway we've had in the market, our market share is growing. We've won significant customers and many of them that is clearly contributed to some of the organic growth that we've talked about here beyond what is our fair to it as market share. We've also continued to add products. So remember in the world of I view as a complete automated solution. If I was to take use imagery in combination with some of the scoping and what we reverted image the scope, which is the exact activate tool behind our in front of all this imagery we can really automate and become more accurate and more cost effective for those claims adjusters. Literally, we think we can double the productivity of the claims adjuster field forces that our customer saving them hundreds of millions of dollars, so we're seeing that. What I also like to highlight though is that growth is extending beyond what is traditional insurance. As you think about world of contractors, if you think about the world of, I would reduce mapping and construction, as well as roofing companies, all of those found use cases in some slowing down or innovative way we view some of the technology. So that is contributing to the growth across the board. Even outside of insurance.
