Scott G. Stephenson: Thanks, Eva. Good morning, all. In the first quarter, we delivered strong overall results, with total revenue growth of 28%, EBITDA growth of 24% and an increase in diluted adjusted EPS of 19%. Organic revenue growth was 5% and was 7% excluding the first quarter 2015 nonrecurring project revenue at Argus and a one-time true-up of partner revenue this year in the Decision Analytics Insurance segment. Profitability remains strong with total EBITDA margins of 50%. We continued to be encouraged about the performance of our businesses in our key verticals of insurance, financial services and energy. This quarter is a good start to the year and we will look to build on these results. On April 25, 2016 as you know, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to sell the healthcare business to Veritas Capital for $820 million. We expect the sale to close by the end of the second quarter. The returns we generated on the business reflect value creation for our shareholders with a pre-tax IRR of about 12% through our ownership period which began in 2004. One of our most important responsibilities is the careful stewardship of our shareholders capital. We continually assess our assets and their productivity as well as opportunities to deploy new capital in line with our strategic priorities. Consistent with our capital allocation approach, we identified and evaluated a range of alternatives. We determined that we have better uses for the capital invested in the business and for any future capital which would've been required to make the operations more Verisk like. Additionally, we believe that management time should be directed to areas where we can have the most impact in driving shareholder returns. This transaction will allow us to focus on data analytics businesses in our key verticals which are most closely aligned with our strategy, our distinctives and global ambitions and where we believe we can add the most value. The majority of the proceeds will be allocated towards future acquisitions and repurchases, consistent with our long-term approach we've discussed with you in the past. We remain committed to our 2.5 times steady-state leverage. Pro forma for the sale of the healthcare business and related proceeds at March 31 we would have been at that level. I'm glad to have found strong ownership for our healthcare business and very much wish the team continued success. We go forward from here better aligned with the key distinctives which mark excellent, vertical, data analytics businesses. We have higher margins, more stable revenue growth, less seasonality, a higher mix of subscription revenue and stronger free cash flow conversion post this transaction. Overall, we look even more like the Verisk business model that we all value. During the quarter, we returned capital to shareholders through the repurchase of $116 million of our stock. At March 31, 2016, we had $353 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. In addition, we remain active, looking for strategic and financially sound tuck-in acquisitions. As you may have seen, we recently acquired Risk Intelligence Ireland, a leading provider of fraud detection compliance, risk control and process automation services to the Irish insurance industry, which becomes part of our ISO solutions business. This acquisition advances our efforts to expand our insurance business beyond the United States. We remain constructive on the outlook and expect acceleration in our combined insurance businesses and double-digit growth at Argus. WoodMac continues to perform remarkably well in an environment which is extraordinary difficult for our customers. The team is working very hard to achieve growth for the year, even as we acknowledge the macro environment continues to be challenging relative to historic norms. In a recent achievement of note, Verisk was included in the Forbes list of America's Best Employers 2016. This follows are inclusion in the Forbes World's Most Innovative Companies list. Verisk is one of only 15 companies to appear on both lists. We are working hard to attract and retain great talent as we continue to make progress fostering a culture of innovation. We apply that innovative thinking in working with our customers to find new solutions to their challenges by leveraging our unique data assets and methods. And I personally am inspired by the efforts of our people and I think that shows through in the results we have been delivering. We are well positioned to execute on our strategies and global ambitions in the future. So with that let me turn it over to Mark to cover our financial results in more detail.
Scott G. Stephenson: Oh it's, the M&A agenda expands all of the verticals and what I would say is very active across all of them. And, actually, the place where incrementally we have put in the most energy to raise our game on the M&A front, actually, has been in the insurance vertical. And I would say especially non-domestic. And so we're very much leaning in on that agenda and quite active actually on that front.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Well, it's – RA is a rich mix of the industry standard programs and the new solutions that we brought to market recently which would include our predictive models, our electronic rating content and also innovations around the – in the category of telematics. We're using our commercial property capability to spread out in the new verticals. All of those things are contributing to the performance of that segment.
Scott G. Stephenson: So, here's the view about WoodMac. WoodMac, right now in our view, is laying the foundation for its next round of growth. So what's going on right now? Customer retention is very high. The new product pipeline is robust. The utilization of our portal offerings is growing strongly, and we're also opening up new channels of distribution for our proprietary content. The challenge of the moment is the extreme pressure on our customers, who are almost two years into this down cycle, and they're still laying off some of their associates. And so they're seeking, even at this time, cost-savings anywhere they can find them. But our view is, because our customers are leaning out their staffs, when the market returns to more normal conditions, demand for WoodMac tools and solutions will escalate strongly, and that's why we are staying the course, and we're remaining invested in the present and the future at WoodMac. Having said all of that, the one thing that we will never do is make pinpoint predictions of the commodity. We certainly expect more normalized conditions into the future, and we'll see when those occur, and we're hopeful about that, because it'll be good for our customers. But we've said from the beginning, and we still maintain that, in normalized market conditions, we expect Wood Mackenzie, and the pieces that we've added to Wood Mackenzie, to grow at or above the rate of organic growth of the rest of Verisk.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, it's not three factors, it's one. And that is – it's the fundamental nature of our business. The way we do business is fundamentally scalable. So as long as we have a healthy business which is growing, and as long as we pay attention to tightly operating our business, that is where the margin opportunity lies. We've made some structural changes to the company where, for example, just systemically, our tax rate is lower, but otherwise it's basic to the way we do business. It's not – there's no one long lever.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, there was a little perturbation there in the first quarter. I think you're going to find that settles out as we go forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yep, yep. So you should think – that's a really good question, that's one that we think about quite a bit actually. You should think of us as a portfolio. So, the logical place for us to sort of drill down would generally be established economies that tend not to be overly concentrated in terms of market shares of leading players. So for example, on balance, and also you have to concede that language issues are here a little bit also, U.K. is a little bit better for us than, say, Germany. So we can sort of pick our spots that way. Japan is a highly developed economy that also doesn't have an overly concentrated insurance market, so that would be another. So, that's kind of your first sort. But the other part of it is, we are interested in emerging situations as well. And to that I would call out there, you would have to consider China still to be an emerging situation, so that's one that we look at. But it's also interesting that when you look at the sum of Southeast Asia, it turns that Singapore is becoming something of a hub. And so we're really kind of have both flavors inside of our portfolio. More of the energy will go into established economies, but we're going to feature both kinds in what we do.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So these are kind of small adjustments in our view, I would say. And it's really just a product of sort of the environment and the rate at which it does or doesn't change. Conversations with customers are overall very encouraging. I had the chance – I don't know, month, month-and-a-half ago to sit with the deputy CEO of one of the world's largest energy companies. And the stories they tell about how they make use of WoodMac content and their focus upon WoodMac as a partner, these are very, very encouraging kinds of stories. And then we just look into the data in terms of, for example, the number of users of our portal offering and the rate at which they're making use of our content, all of which are going up really pretty strongly. But it's also the case that even now kind of well into the nosedives in the pricing of the commodity, there are still reactions in terms of our customers trying to get their own cost structures right. And so – and in the same way that there was a little bit of a lagging effect in terms of the commodity price coming down and then the reaction – excuse me, of the energy companies, you have to expect that there will be some of that also on the way back up. So there will be some timing effects inside of all – I would not expect instantaneous reaction of our customers to what the price of the commodity is doing because the price of the commodity has to work its way into not only their forward plans, but also the way that they're actually spending their own CapEx dollars. And there just will be time dependencies inside of that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So, just first a comment, cat bonds are an interesting category and it's one that we participate in. And it definitely is there in the mix of risk transfer mechanisms that are out there in the world. But I would encourage all to not kind of overstate the amount of risk that gets managed through that mechanism. It's interesting to look at it, because you can sort of carve it out and identify it. You're right, it was a good moment for cat bonds, and our AIR business did very well. The share of the identified cat bonds that our team analyzed was very high. And, as I think everybody knows, we almost always have the vast majority of that market anyway, so yeah, it was helpful. But there's movement also in the cat bond world, don't miss that. There's the move towards the so-called mini cat bonds, and there are different ways that you can actually analyze cat bonds. So, it's kind of a – it's a dynamic environment, I'll put it that way. But yeah, we feel good about how we did with the most recent issuances.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. I mean, the contributions to Argus' growth are very broadly based ,across not only sort of the traditional consortium model, analytic view, but also the specific analytic products that are being provided to customers, to the white labeling of our analytic environment, to the opening up of new markets, like media effectiveness, to the opening up of new markets geographically. All of those cylinders are hitting.
Scott G. Stephenson: No. One of the reasons why Argus is such a wonderful business, and has such a bright future, is that it has many different ways to grow.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. I would describe the environment as relatively unchanged, relative to last year and, actually, over many years. One of the hallmarks of the insurance industry is its stability. And so the regulatory environment has not really changed that much. Industry structure hasn't really not changed all that much. There have been a couple of larger mergers, but industry concentration still remains pretty much the same. The way that we price our products has not changed. Probably our pricing actually gets even a little bit tighter as we continue to grow the subscription based part of the mix. So there's really not – there's not a lot of change really in terms of what the environment yields.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yep, so you've actually got a couple questions there. So the current status is we're actually in the rollout phase with our first OEM, who we announced some time ago. And we'll be providing product to the insurance industry kind of right around the crossover from third quarter to fourth quarter. So that'll be the first fruits commercially of what we've been doing. We're very pleased with the discussions we're having with the insurers in terms of their interest in the data and the analytics. And we are actively cultivating other OEMs, and I think we feel very good about the prospect of this really being the industry standard. But every OEM is going of kind of think about it in their own light and draw their own conclusions. But we're actively calling on all the name brand OEMs in the United States. So yeah, we feel good about it and the technical work has proceeded very nicely. And we're just kind of all – we're primed. We're ready to go.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. We're happy to talk about a quarter that we feel very good about and look forward to being with you again roughly 90 days from now. And we'll be seeing some of you between now and then who are coming to visit us here in the office. We look forward to having you. So thanks very much for your time today.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure, so this is Mark, Bill. Thank you for the earlier comments. Let me just remind (16:48) some (16:48) – in the second quarter, this is just kind of the quarterly aspect in response to your question, second quarter we do have our salary increases. A majority of – a super majority of both married and promotional increases come in and effective April 1, so that typically hurts us from a margin perspective as you progress through the year. What we also do is we give out our equity awards. So what will happen is this year's equity awards will come in; the equity awards from four years ago will kind of move out because they're vested, so those two things will affect the rest of the year. The other thing we always like to just remind, we continue to make progress, but we did, for the most part, had this talent realignment in risk assessment, so there's some staff that we are continuing to hire and that will ramp up as we progress through the year. We did some hiring in first quarter, but probably still a little bit behind the levels we expect. So those are the couple of points that I will call out. The other thing that I think to your earlier question, remember, what we have as a business that's wonderfully scalable. It kind of comes to how much investment we wanted to do and we need to kind of talk about the opportunity to take advantage of that operating leverage. I don't think we see a lot of incremental investment relevant to revenue, so I think we have over the long-term an opportunity to continue to work on margins and move those in a positive direction.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So inside of our healthcare – excuse me, inside of our insurance businesses we have a lot of licenses and partnerships which combine a kind of an upfront amount and then there's kind of true-ups based upon how much our partners sell. So inside the true-up we have kind of a royalty component, and sometimes we need to true-up past volumes or past royalty amounts and that's what you're seeing in the first quarter.
Mark V. Anquillare: That'd be true. Yeah, I mean, I guess we incurred the cost probably in the past, like 2015, but correct.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah, just to clarify, what I said was on a constant currency basis we'd be flat as reported. So I just want to make sure you threw in the FX on top of that, so I just did want to call that out; we do try to factor that in. So, that hopefully is clarifying. I think we could see growth, yes, for the year, but the environment is a difficult one for everybody, and we're trying to work through it. I think our team's done an extraordinary job to be where they are.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure, I mean, your point is valid. I guess, we are in the point where we can be a little bit above; we can be a little bit above. The difference between the two is not all that material since it's a few million dollars that we're talking about.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah. I think we'll have to follow up, so we can get you the accurate numbers there. I'm sorry I don't have those in front of me. That was a little while ago.
Mark V. Anquillare: I was just going to add it just to give you a little color from kind of a little vignette. In the world of China just to kind of tag along that comment, we think we can do some things around buildings to help understand the risk associated with those buildings and what it would cost to underwrite them. And there were some reinsurance brokers that were interested in the tool that we were developing for China. I'm not sure we would've had a way to put that on the ground and actually respond to that without the offices we had there and it made for a – beyond the incorporation and we went there (33:02), we had people there with cards that were Verisk. So just a case in point.
Mark V. Anquillare: It is in the discontinued ops area. You can see it and I believe it was about 21%-ish. I think that was around there. It did include some transactional related costs.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah, they're pretty modest in the scheme here. I don't think we've provided that detail in the past. They're not substantial. They're more tuck-in in nature.
Mark V. Anquillare: So the answer is, as reported, it probably could get a little bit better. It really is, again, to the consulting side of things, it's a bit of a swing factor in this, so we continue to try to remain conservative, although it's performing well and the underlying usage is up and strong.
Mark V. Anquillare: This is Mark. I think your observations are correct. Let me just remind you of two facts. First of all, WoodMac has very good margins. However, they have a tough comp in the rest of Verisk, so you are seeing that come into the quarter, that does work against us in Decision Analytics. The other thing you need to look at is, in first quarter of 2015, we kept talking about that project revenue from Argus, and we also highlighted back a year ago, there were extremely high margins on that project revenue. And as a result, that kind of creates an artificially high margin in 2015 in that first quarter. So, those are the two things that I think, if you normalized out, you would see probably a pretty good story inside of organic DA margins...
Mark V. Anquillare: So, I'll highlight the things I made before. We do have all of our salary increases that take effect in April. And we also give out our equity awards April 1 as well, and those will replace equity awards from four years ago. So those are some additional costs that are layered into the underlying structure from second quarter on. But, all else being equal, I agree with you.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, I think what we tried to describe is that we remain very optimistic on the business, but we do believe that there are some probably some market economics that are just difficult for our customers and us right now. So in both cases, we think that's going to be down slightly. But still have the opportunity to grow on a reported basis. So I'm just trying to give at least get a little bit more color to everyone.
