Lee Shavel: Thanks, Elizabeth. In summary, our business is strong, as evidenced by our organic constant currency, EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA growth of 7% and strong margin performance in the quarter. We are confident that we have the team in place to execute on our operational efficiency plans over the next two years and deliver on our margin expansion targets. Longer-term, we continue to believe as well that the opportunity to create value for our customers and employees will drive value for our shareholders. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk. Given the large number of analysts we have covering us, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. And with that, I’ll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Ashish. First, let me say on the question on tax leakage. The $3.1 billion in proceeds, I think, if your question is directed towards that, we are not expecting any significant tax leakage. There may be some upside for us on that modestly. But we think that we will be able to deploy the full amount of that in share repurchases and debt paydowns. As it relates to the future tax rate, we have provided some guidance for the fourth quarter. But we – it’s obviously a complex issue that we are working through in terms of the longer-term impact. It depends upon the composition of the business overall, and we would intend to provide more clarity for that as we look ahead. I think it’s fair to assume, of course, kind of as implicated in the fourth quarter, that our effective tax rate will be higher. But we’ll try to provide more specific guidance as we sort that out and in the time frame that we typically do with our fourth quarter earnings results.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Thank you, Jeff. I’m going to take a first crack at it and then hand it over to Mark for his perspective. But the one way that we’re looking at this is we’re looking at the totality of the insurance industry spend in aggregate. And that’s a very substantial number in kind of the [indiscernible] and Jeff, I think you may be rattling a paper there. But we’re looking at that aggregate amount. And I think as we’ve talked to investors previously, when we look at the amount of revenue that Verisk generates from the insurance industry relative to their operating costs, it is a 40 to 45 basis point amount. And we think that there’s a broader opportunity for us to address their marketing spend in finding efficiencies, in finding solutions to drive productivity gains, to find efficiencies on technology spend, which are substantially larger opportunities for us relative to the scale of what we’re doing. So that will give you a sense of why we think that’s a substantial opportunity. And we’ve been engaged in addressing a lot of those with current initiatives that we look to expand on. And I know Mark can certainly speak to some of the things that we’ve been doing on that front.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And Jeff, I think you see there are three dimensions there that we’re talking about. One is a functional orientation. And so that’s Mark speaking to the marketing opportunity. We see similar opportunities on the technology side. And then operationally, there is the business line opportunity or dimension that we’re looking at with travel and other areas. And then, of course, there is the international, where we feel as though the opportunity to bring some of that expertise. All of those are – create, I think, a broad envelope for us to look to expand on what we’re doing.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Alex, thanks for the question. We’re not at the point where we have broken through both the combination of the adjustments that we’re making in the overhead costs or the overhead allocation. So I think that is something that we’ll look to provide more input on as we move ahead, probably with the fourth quarter earnings, where we’ll have that discontinued operations. Our focus has been on getting the transaction done. As you can imagine, that has been, I think, a pretty solid accomplishment in a difficult market. It will take time for us to sort through the accounting consequences now that we understand that, and there are a lot of transitional elements that we need to take into account. So it’s not a simple metrics to us.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Manav. So these are – there are a variety of factors, some of which are difficult to kind of fully separate. I’m going to ask Mark to kind of give his perspective on both impact and sustainability of these effects that you’re asking about.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And I would add one other dimension, Manav, which is I think that what we’ve seen is kind of fairly solid subscription growth. I think that what you saw in 2022 was some weakness on the transactional revenue growth. And I think it will probably manifest itself, some of these trends in – some sustaining of that weaker growth into 2023 if these dynamics have the impact that we described. But again, also subject to variability on storm levels, but hopefully, that’s helpful.
Lee Shavel: Thank you, Andrew. So we certainly understand that. What I will first say and reiterate that our confidence in that long-term target remains in place given what we see as the opportunities in front of us. I think when you look at what we’ve even achieved in 2021 at a more challenging environment, where we had two quarters of organic revenue growth above 7% clearly demonstrates the ability of the insurance – of our insurance business to achieve that. We’ve had some weakness related to pandemic effects, such as lower driving activity, impact on workers’ comp. And I think, to Mark’s comments, we are seeing some weakness as a result of the economic environment, but we’re also seeing recovery in some of the pandemic-related effects. And I think that biases us towards stronger performance ahead from a growth perspective as we come out of some of these stronger elements. Some of the macroeconomics may persist, but I think we’re seeing kind of more momentum towards that target ahead. That would be the way, I think, about it, both from a longer-term perspective, which we are still confident that we can deliver on that. We have to work our way through, I think, the conflicting impacts of some recovery from pandemic impacts and then some of the more sustained macroeconomic, which, I think, are of a lower magnitude than what we experienced through the pandemic.
Lee Shavel: Greg, thanks for the question. And particularly – I would particularly value your perspective and knowledge around the insurance industry. And so you probably better understand better than most the challenges that the insurance industry is facing. And so let me kind of break that apart. I think the opportunity to invest in these new opportunities have generated both growth and very strong returns for the internal investments that we have made in a variety of areas. And I would probably cite our LightSpeed product, where we’ve been able to accelerate delivery of quote to – a bindable quote to the point of sale, has generated a very strong economic growth for us and a very good return on capital. So we’re looking for similar elements to that. We’ve been talking about our investment in the core lines, reimagined initiative to migrate a lot of our data and services into that new technology platform, which delivers substantially greater value for our clients on that front, opening up, I think new opportunities for growth and certainly a high return that we can generate on that. So those – and the third point that I would make is that on the margin efficiency target, that has been focused on looking at – not at cutting investment within the business, but looking for areas of opportunity from an operational efficiency perspective within the business that, I think, it’s been a very healthy exercise for us that we’ve demonstrated progress against, but it hasn’t come at the cost of us pursuing these overall opportunities. So I think if you – the fundamental concern is, look, we’re hearing that there are a lot of opportunities to invest. How does that – does that conflict with the margin objective? I don’t believe so. I think that we can continue to make these investments. We can deliver on the operational efficiencies within the business to drive that margin improvement and continue to generate very solid growth and strong returns on capital.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And what Elizabeth is describing, Faiza, is that underneath the overall margin performance, when you kind of strip away the reallocations, there is still a very strong operating leverage that is expressing itself in terms of looking at it before we look at kind of the non-operational elements. And so that’s the core of the business, and that’s how we will drive EBITDA growth ahead of revenue growth. On the second part of your question, the confidence that we have on achieving our targets is driven by a very methodical process that we’ve gone through to identify all areas of potential savings that – as we indicated on the call, that we have identified and taken actions that address over half of that target at this point. And we have line of sight on additional opportunities that we’ll be pursuing over time. Part of these will be influenced by the transitional demands of the separation of our businesses. And so we have transition service obligations for those until those businesses are separated. That’s a factor. And we wanted to see how those sorted out before we worked towards the further or the additional decisions that we need to make to achieve that. But we feel very confident in our ability to meet those expectations.
Lee Shavel: Sure. Thank you, Stephanie. So I would start off by saying that our international businesses and, obviously, I’m going to presume that the question is directed to our Insurance international businesses. Wood Mackenzie, of course, is an international business, but we kind of covered that in the call. But on the Insurance side, we have a variety of businesses, on the Claims and on the Underwriting side, probably, most significantly, our Specialty business services or what was formerly known as Sequel, that addresses the Lloyds non-standard market with a workflow platform and management system for that market. That continues to have great success in delivering a very compelling solution, both on the front end of business origination, pricing and rating and then, ultimately, kind of the policy management side. That has continued to drive double-digit growth. And we’ve seen similar performance from a lot of the other international businesses that we’ve had. I’ll turn it over to Mark for some additional color perhaps on the businesses other than Specialty business.
Lee Shavel: And Andrew, I want to extend on Mark’s comment because that near-term pressure that you’re asking too specifically is part of what we’re experiencing, but it also creates that broader opportunity because that focus on how do we address the impact of those inflationary costs, not just on our loss and loss adjustment expenses, but also on our operational efficiency and the inflation that we’re experiencing that, is driving a more robust dialogue around automation, how we can utilize data to better select risk, how we can improve the processes by creating more connections through the ecosystem to handle a lot of the steps that are probably not as efficient as we could be. So I think that while it is creating that – some of that near-term pressure, it is also bringing a greater urgency and focus, as I described, in the strategic orientation of our client CEOs around how do we solve industry problems that can create a lot of value and savings for them.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thanks, Heather. And I would – so with regard to cloud transformation, in prior calls, we identified the fact that we’re in kind of the final year of that implementation. And we have achieved – this is a very important distinction. We have achieved operating cash savings when you look at our incremental cloud expenses netted against what would have previously been CapEx expenditure in the business. And so that’s – we believe that it has delivered real cash savings to us. However, it’s important to understand that, that, from an accounting standpoint, from an EBITDA perspective, means that we have added EBITDA expense to our P&L. And so that has come on. We’ve been able to adjust that, but we’re effectively converting depreciation and amortization to EBITDA expense. That’s why you’ll hear us talk about the headwinds from the cloud and the cloud implementation. We do think that, that incremental cost is one that we are substantially through. And in addition, we have been able to take out the OpEx expense through some of the outsourcing to that third party that we described earlier in the call. All of that is included in the – in our overall margin improvement targets. So as we have realized those savings, that is factored into the margin element, particularly the outsourcing of our legacy data centers. I think that addresses the two parts of your question.
Mark Anquillare: Super. So maybe I’ll try to give you three examples. We talked about life. But even within life, we have the ability to continue to extend into group life. We are focused today from a life insurance perspective primarily in the United States. We can go international. To the extent you think about other lines of insurance, other lines of business related to life, you have disability. That’s an opportunity for us. We see opportunities to extend into pet insurance, travel insurance. Those are some examples of like customer sets that we don’t operate in. I’ll make the obvious example, but I just do want to remind everybody that from a marketing perspective, that is a huge customer set, the marketing departments inside of insurers that we just never really dealt with before, and now we have access to through some recent acquisitions. And it really is forming the foundation of how we kind of go to market with some of our customers, really helping them understand the best target markets and where and how to price. Last but not least, you have heard it throughout the themes here. We think we can do more from a software and technology platform perspective with our customers. We don’t deal with the CIO as being the chief information officers inside of our major customers. And we see ourselves as a technology player and has been a strong partner to them. So hopefully, that helps.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. Thank you, Toni. I appreciate. This is Mark. Let me first remind everybody, we do have some connectivity of pricing to premium volumes. The utility of our products are seen and demonstrated through the premiums they write. So to the extent that it’s a harder market or meaning price is going up and there’s more premium, we will see that on a little bit of a lag effect. To your more direct and short-term, I think what we’re trying to do is really balance the opportunity to hopefully maybe take a little bit more price, only because, like everybody, we’re incurring some more costs around labor and other inflationary type of spend. But at the same time, we’re in it for the long-term. And what we’re trying to do is make sure that we are able to sell new products, new solutions to customers and not cause any short-term angst degree with regard to pricing today.
Mark Anquillare: So quantifying is difficult. So I’m going to maybe qualify – kind of quantify, I apologize. So inside the auto market, what we’re seeing is just a general theme of people trying to write less business or quote less new business. They are waiting for their rate filings to be implemented and in turn, wait for higher prices or higher premium before they write. So that seems like a depression that will occur and be soft, I would guess, probably for another six months or so into 2023. That’s our take. But at the same time, it is something that cyclically will come and will go, so we expect it to rebound. Two, Florida is clearly a challenge. There has been an insurer last resort. Basically, rates there have been subsidized when people try to get into the market. They’ve been hurt by large cat and inside of those new customers and those existing customers that are going out of business. That does affect us and will be – let me say it this way, that will be a little bit longer term. Ultimately, new emerging insurers will rise. We will hopefully serve them. We are working with them now, but that will take time. So that rebound would probably be over the course of a year or more, I would say, in that regard. I think the last comment that you were referring to or at least we’re referring to is the workers’ comp space. We did see some growth this quarter. At the same time, the market is still depressed. Some of that is regulation, I think I’ve highlighted in the past. Some of it, I do believe it’s just the fact that the work-from-home environment leads to fewer claims in the future. So I think we’ve started to anniversary the challenge. I think it will start to rebound a bit. I don’t want to be optimistic, but I would assume that should occur in 2023 at some point. I hope those are the three trends or themes that you were talking about. The other thing that affected us a little timing was storms. Obviously, Ida last year, Ian this year, both pretty big storms affecting different quarters.
Mark Anquillare: So Andrew, great question. I appreciate that. I think when we attack new markets, we typically go at it with a theory that we could build some great models. And then as data information starts to flow, we can improve those models. So pet as an example. What we do with travel is not that travel, you would think like, boy, I missed my flight. It’s going to being short. This is the type of travel that focuses on somebody who has a pre-existing medical condition. And to the extent that they’re traveling, how do they get the right medical. So that is a modeled outcome and that has kind of the data we have around it. We can apply those type of models to pets, dogs, cats, more traditional pets, in a way that we can understand how health of the pet and existing conditions cause and will affect payouts. So I hope that’s just an example of ways we can kind of adjust our models. I think the digital engagement and the way we’ve gone at those things are very best-in-class and very digitally engaged. So I think we’re well-positioned there. We do not hold the same data advantage that we do in some of the United States’ admitted lines. But that doesn’t cause us to shy away from and actually provides us with an opportunity to find a way to gather some information. I hope that’s responsive.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. So one of the things I think we tried to do is to share that, even though you would think of subscriptions as being this wonderfully flat ride from quarter-to-quarter, even inside of our subscription businesses, when we bring on new customers, where we have some anniversary of dates, there is a little bit of an up and down inside that. So to the extent that you look at this year’s subscription to last year’s, I think that’s a good rule of thumb. If you look at it quarter-by-quarter, there’s some up and downs. I would not read anything into subscription level growth in the quarter. Everything is very solid, and everything is running as we would expect. So I will kind of reinforce Lee’s earlier comments about the subscription growth being strong and more optimistic.
Mark Anquillare: Well, I think you had it right. I think we are seeing growth there, which is in excess of our U.S. business. What I also like to highlight, although not organic at this point, the acquisition of Opta, which is a business intelligence solution up in Canada, is a wonderful business, very much aligned with what we do. And the synergies that we anticipated are greater than we anticipated. So I think we’re making great progress there, and it’s a really nice addition to the Verisk family.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, good question. I mean, I think you’ve read it. You’ve seen it. I mean the insurance industry is, like many, under a little bit of pressure. Inflationary costs and inflation in general is causing pain to their bottom line. The cat, along with some other cats, I mean, another big year, probably $100 billion of losses. So that creates stress and pressure on them to look at costs, look at ways. They can be more focused on underwriting and underwriting discipline. So I would tell you that we have this wonderful business that continues to have a wonderful spot inside of their key decisions. And we have not seen anybody trying to move away, but there is definitely pressure there. There is definitely people scrutinizing every purchase and scrutinizing when and how they buy. So we are seeing some of that. And we’ve highlighted some of the areas where it’s been most – fall more on the transactional side.
