Mark Anquillare: Thank you, Scott. I'm pleased to share with you that we had another strong quarter in Insurance with all businesses contributing to growth. Despite some reduced volumes in March due to the pandemic, organic constant currency revenue growth was 5.9%. After normalizing for the continued impact of the injunction on our roof measurement solutions organic constant currency growth was 6.9% yield by market [indiscernible] innovation enhanced customer engagement. Across our insurance businesses, our retention rates remain very high and we have seen increased customer engagement during these unique times. Our customers have effectively transitioned to working from home and are more available and open to calls and product demos. Since March, 15th, we've seen customer call reports grow significantly from 2019 levels and realized a surge in participants at our virtual industry events, focused on business interruption coverage, broad during the pandemic, virtual claims handling and virtual property underwriting. The effectiveness of our team is essential in maintaining great service to our customers. Our knowledge-based solutions allow us to service customers remotely and with continuity. Our cloud-first approach has fostered a technical infrastructure that is available, scalable and resilient, allowing for uninterrupted service to customers as well as employees. As an example of our preparedness, we had a major customer perform a review of Verisk infrastructure to ensure that our ongoing technical support for their operations during these unique times. This feedback was extremely positive, with the customer sharing that Verisk was well prepared ahead of their own internal infrastructure, and filed several best practices that they plan to replicate. Let me share an industry perspective and its impact on our business. Insurance coverage remains essential through this pandemic. Insurance renewals continue. I would doubt any participants joining this call had thought about canceling their homeowners are on mobile insurance policies. However, driving is down significantly, our telematics data exchange indicates the driving mileage is down almost 50% year-over-year in the US since the pandemic breakout, leading to reduced auto claims. But we've seen a rebound in mileage in recent weeks, leading us to believe the bottom occurred in late March and early April. Some insurers have committed to premium refunds, which have contributed to a reduction in shopping for lower premiums by policyholders. Other areas of weakness in the industry include a significant drop in travel insurance and more modest declines in commercial insurance. Over the immediate term, total exposure values in commercial insurance may be reduced. Our Insurance business benefits from subscriptions and long-term contracts with a small portion of the revenue transactional. Although modest, we expect to see some adverse impact from the pandemic in certain of our transaction revenues. As I highlighted in my opening, customer engagement has been very strong. Let me share a few examples. We continue to see great success in market share gains in extreme event modeling as customers are moving towards an AIR suite of solutions. To support our customers, we have made our pandemic forecasting tool available for free to the insurance industry, as well as the general public to assist in planning and resiliency. As Scott mentioned in his opening, we made our virtual claims adjudication and virtual inspection platforms available for free to customers to stay in business and to facilitate the timely payment of insurance claims. Over 30,000 adjuster's inspectors now have access to the platform. Since rolling out the program in mid-March, more than 1,100 customers with many more users have enrolled. We have received very positive feedback from insurers, thanking us for our contribution to the industry. And last but certainly not least, we have received strong interest in our life insurance Analytic solutions. The FAST technology and strong leadership team, in combination with Verisk Advanced Analytics and reputation in the insurance industry, historically has created significant opportunities. We have signed noteworthy contracts with Amica, Lincoln Heritage, Pacific Life, M Financial and partnered with SCOR on our Life Analytics platform. I'm pleased with the strong early results, as evidence the synergies and strategic benefits. In a period of heightened security [ph] analytics are more important than ever. And further, with substantially increased remote operations, the connectivity we provide our client is critically valuable to our industry, supporting in turn the value of Verisk's business. With that, let me turn it over to Lee to cover our financial results.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, thank you very much. So what we've been able to do in the United States is, over time, aggregate a huge amount of data to build out some unique and proprietary analytic objects, analytic solution. Inside of our international strategy, obviously we have this ambition as we always do to aggregate some unique data. But to do that we had to look towards solutions that can help us aggregate the data. So in some cases, we have some - I'll call it natural catastrophe or hazard type information that we can use and pull across that we've done and kind of replicated from what we've been successful at in the United States. At the same time, we found the best way to aggregate some information is really from a software angle. So with a goal towards - driving towards an analytic outcome and providing solutions that are analytic at the foundation, we have done two things. We started to aggregate data where we can and we've also taken a software approach to things that help us, for the most part, aggregate that same data. I think what we have found, to be honest, is inside the UK, there is more of a thirst for a solution set that is ecosystem - interconnected across a lot of solutions. I think that drives automation, that drives digital engagement. So our focus has been to try to take some software componentry, penetrate [ph] this ecosystem to help customers, and along the way, aggregate some data and with that data, build out an analytic outcome. It's kind of where you start and that's how we've gotten into the markets. And I think we've been very happy with the success and progress we've made, particularly in the UK. As you referenced, we have a little bit more of a beachhead there. We have certainly some more assets, and those assets have been working very closely together to integrate things that are related to data, underwriting workflow and cat modeling or what I'll call the both reinsurers and insurers. So, thanks for the question and I think your observation was accurate. Hopefully that gave a little color.
Mark Anquillare: Absolutely. So once again, I think we differentiate two types of insurtechs. There is an insurtech in that definition really relates to those that want to be insurers or managing general agents, [ph] so it's about distribution. And I think what we've seen there is those continue to prosper. At the same time, many of those early start-ups who have decided to actually be underwriters are actually carrier risk. Sometimes those, I'll call it loss ratios, have been a little higher. The combined ratio it has not been as profitable. So, we think they will continue, but we have seen some pressure because all of a sudden it becomes a focus on liquidity and maybe a turning to profitability a little bit sooner. So, we are watching our insurtech customers and we are trying to help them out with everything we can. And I think it's a little bit of a mixed answer dependent upon where they are on their own life cycle as they evolve to a more profitable entity. The other type of insurtech is really the service provider. In some cases, those service providers are partners with us, sometimes say compete in part with us. And again, I think it really relates to are what they are doing. There is a definite need in the industry to help bridge the gap between the insurer and the policyholder because I can't be necessarily face-to-face, I can't be at the home, I can't be at the property. So like we referenced in some of the work that we're doing with our virtual property adjudication process and our underwriting platforms, those have been in widespread use and need. So, I think those players have reacted and certainly done well during this pandemic. In other cases, I think probably there is a little bit of hesitancy around what can I actually implement during these times. What do I want to buy? And then like any insurtech, the smaller ones; it becomes a little bit of a liquidity issue as to how much cash I have and what state I am along the evolution towards profitability. So kind of a mixed message there. And obviously, we've grown nicely through a lot of those insurtech insurers or MGAs and we're trying to support them during these difficult times.
Mark Anquillare: I think you've covered it well, Scott. The contracts we have are typically like three years in nature. So there is no necessarily a concentration, maybe there's a little bit more fourth quarter when those are signed, but that's over three years. Thanks.
Scott Stephenson: Yes, Toni. Thanks for the question and thanks for your well-wishes. And the same to you and to everybody who is with us on this call today. I hope everybody is safe and well. So, first of all, to your factual question. The percentage of WoodMac business that was upstream was roughly in the neighborhood of the number you just cited and now it's below 50%. The other thing that I would say is that, as Lee mentioned, we have really diversified the revenues associated with the Energy vertical. We do much more now with utilities, which are proving to be relatively stable and definitely relatively more stable than oil and gas companies are at the moment. The whole wing of our business, which is aimed at helping with the transition to the renewables is in very good shape. One part of the world that benefits from a low petroleum price is the petrochemicals business and that is also a material part of what we do so. So as you started, our business is actually different than it was the last time we went through an oil price shock.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So thank you, Andrew, good to hear your voice. So first of all, you are correct that those two statements are intended to stand together. They are part of a full-thought in terms of our bottom-line performance. And we have been addressing ourselves in this call to COVID-19 effects, which more or less also correlates with statements about 2020. But the ambition in terms of the long-term also remains the same. And that is that we would have very healthy rates of organic revenue growth and we would have rates of organic EBITDA growth that exceed rates of organic revenue growth. So, we're stating once again what our long-term plan is. So, my comments were specific to 2020; the general point remains for our business over the long-term. And then lastly, to your question, we are talking about both organic and reported.
Scott Stephenson: Sure. So let me start and Lee, perhaps you'd like to add some detail. But fundamentally, Jeff - and Jeff, good to hear your voice and hope you're doing well.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you. So a very substantial fraction of our cost structure is the cost of our people, our team. It runs at about 70% of our total. As Lee mentioned, one dimension of our compensation stack is our incentive compensation. And those of you who have observed what we have in the proxy, we have set the - sort of the baseline expectation for performance in that at the level of our long-term targets for organic revenue and EBITDA growth. In other words, I would say that we have set the bar at a pretty high level. And to the extent that this moment, for the reasons that we talked about, put some pressure, I would say - particularly on the topline at this moment. One of the natural adjustments which occurs inside of our compensation is that the amount of annual incentive that will get paid out logically would come down somewhat. And that's automatic. That's just in the design of what we do. The other thing that matters greatly here is our total headcount and there is two ideas that are paired one with the other. So one is, as Lee mentioned, our rate of investment in innovation for the future is unabated. Our expectations are that we will spend as much writing and capitalizing software in 2020 as we originally intended, and Lee spoke to that. But the other part of it is what is happening with respect to the rate of headcount growth. And let me put that alongside of the comment that I made earlier; there are very - it is an extremely small fraction of our team where, in this moment, their ability to get their work done is limited. I mentioned roughly 5%. And even in those cases, we - I would describe what we've done as a very modest amount of sort of trimming and realigning. So these are relatively small effects. The larger effect is that - as you've seen our company do over time, entering into 2020 we were also planning on pretty substantial increase in headcount in order to provide even more acceleration of our developments into the future. And as we got the sense that the COVID-19 effect was going to be global not just regional, we basically moved very aggressively to - not to let people go but simply to slow down in this moment, the rate of hiring. And it actually has a material effect on the rate at which our expenses move. And so essentially, we have already done what I think of as the most substantially important thing that we need to do in order to be in position to see our rate of EBITDA growth exceed our rate of revenue growth. Lee, anything you'd like to add to that.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. Thank you, Manav. Nice to hear your voice and I hope you're doing well. Yes, you've really put your finger on one of the most fundamental things about the context in which Verisk does its business. And that is fundamentally as our customers become, what I refer to as the better digital version of themselves, that's good for us. That means that they are more able to consume the data and the analytics that we put out there, and they are able to actually realize and acknowledge the value that they get. Not that there is any lack of acknowledgment today, but as their own processes become more data aware and data sensitive and FAST; the precision that our analytics bring and the speed with which we do what we do just becomes that much more active inside of their own environment. And I believe that one of the most fundamental consequences of the COVID-19 moment is that it is going to accelerate companies becoming the better digital version of themselves. Now, there is still a long distance to go. I mean, for all the discussion that is out there in terms of digital business, digital migration, et cetera, I would say that many companies are still at relatively early stages. But I do believe that there is going to be an acceleration effect based upon what's going on here. What does that mean specifically? I think what that means specifically is that customers will, across a variety of different attachment points, find even more interest in what it is we do. So analytic objects that we put out will be more consumable. And therefore, when our customers write their own business cases for making use of the next thing from Verisk that they haven't made use of yet, one of the factors that will be at work there is when they think about their own returns they will be able to generate returns faster because they will actually get to implementation of what we do more quickly. Same relates to if they want to attach to an API that we've put out there in order to access some of our content. The more that they do business that way, the more they will be able to go from the concept to the actual use of our solutions more quickly. And I would not localize these effects to any one part of our business. All three of the verticals, virtually everything that we do will respond to this trend.
Scott Stephenson: Bill, good to hear your voice. Hope you're doing well. There is a degree of seasonality and most of the - or in many cases, the heaviest season for renewals is Q4 and Q1. So obviously, we just had our Q1. And the team is in the marketplace. I mean, one of the wonderful things about what we do, not only there but actually across the whole company, is the degree of intimacy we have with our customers. So a sales call is not only a sales call. A sales call is a relationship moment. And particularly at this time, the exchange with our customers is obviously at a very fundamental level. We're very interested in how they're doing. We're very interested in what can we do to be a support to them, and I believe that our customers really get out about Verisk right now. They really get that. And I believe that that, in addition to the acceleration of business becoming more digital, I believe both of those will be resonant for long periods of time into the future. That customers will remember this moment and they will remember what Verisk did. We were cited several things where, not only did we develop things in a very hurry-up fashion in order to respond to their interests, but we also, in some cases, made things available to them for free. And I believe that all of that is going to is going to be remembered. And we'll be - hopefully be yet more foundation inside of the relationships we have with our customers. That's true and that's true at WoodMac also. One of the things about WoodMac being out in the marketplace at this moment seeking renewals is that we are equipped in a way that we weren't in the past. Certainly, it's very different than when the oil price shock of '15 and '16 occurred because we now have the Lens platform, which is a very nice platform to analytic environment that customers - the value of it is obvious to customers. And so it's an amplification of the value that they've always gotten out of our content. And so there is a - we're able to lean into the discussion, even while we're listening very carefully to where the customers are, we're able to lean into the discussion with respect to affirming the value of what we bring and affirming the increase in the value of what we bring relative to say the past renewal, if it was three years ago or two years ago or whenever it happened to be. And so there is a - I would describe it as a kind of a quiet confidence when our team goes out into the market. Now, they know that they've got the goods and they're determined to represent that value even at the same time that we're trying to be very sensitive to where the customers are.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. So as I mentioned way back at the start of the call, we are talking within our leadership team on an extremely frequent basis. We always do, but even more so in this moment. There are two messages that I have for our leaders above all, and I'm almost a broken record on these points as we speak with one another with one another, counsel with one another. One is that we need to be extraordinarily alert to cyber risk in this moment. This is a great moment for bad guys because companies potentially could be distracted as they're dealing with the effects of this moment. We always look very strongly to our defenses at Verisk and - but I am just asking for extraordinarily - extraordinary alertness to that particular dimension of doing work. And by the way, all the monitoring that we do of our network definitely, definitely shows us that we remain secure, but we have to - we just have to lean into it. That's one of my messages for our leadership team. And the other one is you work for a company that is very strong, very stable, has a very substantial and solid balance sheet, and that is not true of all companies in the world today. So please keep your radars on maximum frequency and reach in terms of observing companies that are around us that maybe are logical relative to something that we're doing inside of Verisk and that perhaps are, or even some more specifically, were making a difference for our customers. Because it is possible that some of them may find themselves in a situation where they need to think about a different way of proceeding into the future. And therefore, if both there is strategic logic and there are terms, which might be available we should really be leaning into it at this moment. The message again as you - to our leadership, this is me to our leaders, you work for a company that is unlike a lot of other companies and this can be your moment. So all of that said, if the company happens to be, let's say in private equity hands - private equity has in quite a few cases become the reference bidder [ph] inside of our world. So I'm not - it remains to be seen just how much valuation expectations may modify downward. We'll see.
Scott Stephenson: I think we may have. Well, why don't we tie-off there then. So thank you all very much for joining us today. And my apologies if there are any of you that we're looking to ask a question, but you didn't get a chance to get the question in due to this technical glitch. We don't have the ability to open and close the lines, that's only the operator. So apologies if you had a question and you didn't get a chance to ask us. But in any event as always, we will be following up with many, many of you and I hope that you will take your additional questions and review them with Lee and Stacey. So otherwise, thank you very much for having been with us today. I want to wish you great health and strength in this moment to you and your loved ones and your firms. And we really, really appreciate your interest in Verisk and we have really been looking forward to having this conversation with you. So thanks very much for being with us today. Talk to you soon. Goodbye.
