Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you, Eva, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot of exciting initiatives underway, and we are energetically pursuing our data analytic agenda. Before I get to the future, I'd like to talk a little bit about our results in the quarter, with which I'm pleased. In second quarter 2013, we delivered strong overall performance with total revenue growth of approximately 13% and diluted adjusted EPS growth of 17%. Our consolidated organic revenue growth in the second quarter was approximately 8%. Organic revenue growth was 9.5% in the quarter, excluding our mortgage analytics business with its macro challenges. Profitability was strong, with an EBITDA margin of over 44% in the quarter even while we continue to invest in innovations as discussed previously. Year-to-date free cash flow growth, adjusted for last year's voluntary pension payment and the timing of a tax benefit in the first quarter of this year, was about 8% as we continue to generate strong operating cash flow, while we also elected to invest some of it into capital expenditures related to our investment initiatives. We are focused on delivering value to our shareholders, and we remain disciplined in our use of capital. We also remain active in looking at M&A. There have been a few sizable assets on the market recently, which you no doubt are aware of, but none of these met our criteria. So we declined to pursue them. We continue to focus on assets with a strategic fit, a strong financial model and an appropriate valuation in relation to future growth prospects. In the quarter, we returned capital to our shareholders through repurchases of $116 million. We also refreshed our buyback authorization in the quarter by $300 million. We will continue to use our authorization consistent with our capital allocation strategy, as we've previously outlined. As we look to the future, we need to continue to be thought leaders in analytics. As we've discussed, we are making significant investments in certain areas this year, including Touchstone, which is our catastrophe modeling platform; the unified platform in healthcare; aerial imagery; and supply chain analytics. All of these are going well and are in various stages of development and rollout. The first 2, Touchstone and the unified platform, are active with our clients. We're getting a great response on Touchstone, and we're seeing incremental value in our contracts with customers who have moved to the new platform. The unified platform in healthcare is also leading us to better results for customers and payment accuracy, where we have completed that phase of implementation. Aerial imagery is a wonderful initiative. It involves gathering images, but much more importantly, using those images to generate data that can be analyzed via computer vision. Initial customer feedback from pilots and evaluations have been very positive. And we're very excited about the imagery initiative, and we may choose to pull some of the intended 2014 investment forward into the second half of 2013 and the 2015 investments into next year. In addition, the supply chain platform is progressing well with very good conversations with customers on the functionality, as they're looking for it. We also are putting a lot of energy in deleveraging the value of our data and analytics across our enterprise. Everyday, we're discovering new ways in which different parts of our organization can collaborate for the benefit of our customers. We're able to do this effectively with our current leadership, and I've recently asked some of our leaders to bridge to added responsibilities that logically relate to their current responsibilities. For example, we're looking to do more work related to climate science across our AIR and AER businesses. We're also increasing our efforts to drive growth in Risk Assessment across the various categories, and we're adding to our leadership teams in the supply chain and corporate marketing areas. In this way, we have the best chance of remaining in touch with our markets and our customers, while expanding our collective ability to see and pursue our joint opportunities. Leadership is a key principle of the Verisk way, which you've heard me talk about before; and this is a natural way to ensure the development of our people. So with that, let me turn it over to Mark to cover our financial results in more detail.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. This is Scott, Manav. Thanks for the question. So the investments we're making in aerial imagery, they really fall into 2 different categories. One is we're actually acquiring a lot of aerial images. And so, we have to pay for that, and we pay for that in 2 different ways. We work with third parties who have already sourced images. But much more importantly, we're sourcing our own images, which are much more granular and precise than what generally tends to be available. Our sweet spot is in image, where a pixel is about 1 inch to 1.5 inches. Whereas, most of what you see, for example, if you look at Google Earth, when you're looking at a building on Google Earth, a pixel is about 6 inches and not adequate for the kind of automated analysis of the image that we want to engage in. I mentioned computer vision before. That's the field of science and technology that is related to automatically extracting data from a photographic image. So, a, we have to acquire the images; and, b, we're building the capability to both house the images and the technology associated with their automated rendering. So that's the investment program. The part of it which becomes more significant, where the P&L is concerned that becomes more period expensed, is the acquisition of the images. And, yes, we definitely expect that there will be a revenue response to the images that we're acquiring. What we are working on right now is at what rate do we need to acquire the images in order to respond to what we see as the growing demand for the category. This all relates very strongly to what we do with Xactware in the repair cost estimating category. So to date, we actually do relate aerial images to all of the repair cost estimating we do in Xactware. But it's not at the level of analysis or granular detail that we're moving. And so, it's an extension of our -- it's an extension of the business that we're already in. We do generate a little bit of revenue from aerial imagery today, but we see it as a very, very substantial opportunity. So, yes, we do definitely expect that revenue will follow. But since it's a relatively new category for us, that's where the investment, particularly the acquisition of the images, may need to lead the revenue to some degree.
Scott G. Stephenson: And do let me just clarify on one thing. Mark talked about purchasing data. In the case of aerial imagery, most of what we're doing -- we're not buying it from someone else. We're actually generating the data ourselves. But it is, as Mark said, a period expense.
Scott G. Stephenson: So, Andrew, it's Scott. So first of all, yes, we are talking organic growth rates when we're talking about the view for 2013 and the view for 2014. I'm not sure I would say lumpy exactly, but one thing that is going on in the business is, because of our growing presence in the healthcare field, one of the things that we're finding is that the size of the contracts that we're able to sign, in some cases, are becoming substantially larger than the average contract size that has to date applied in the business. And I'm talking about sales that we have secured and sales that we're very close to securing, neither of which have actually worked their way into the P&L yet. So I'm not sure I would use the phrase lumpy when talking about it in that way, but I do think that we're finding that the scale of the opportunities that were in front of us is getting bigger.
Scott G. Stephenson: More broader than that. It's still the case that the lion's share of our business is with the health plans. But we've actually seen some very encouraging things happen with respect to the EA suite moving into the provider world.
Scott G. Stephenson: It is both. Although, I would say that the primary effect in the contracts that I had in mind with the prior comment is a deeper penetration inside of, in 1 case, an existing customer and, in another case, an entity that was not a customer previously.
Scott G. Stephenson: Actually, MediConnect's organic growth rate is very healthy. And the fact that it has moved into the organic category is not having any downward effect on the overall organic growth rate of the group.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, it's really both effects. So it's how big was the forensic piece. And now, as we move towards absolutely smaller numbers and the smaller fraction of what we do, any further shrinkage in the amount of business that we're doing there just proportionately is less impactful on the Interthinx case. And then, on the other side of it, yes, these new solutions are finding their place in the market and definitely having an effect on the overall outcome.
Scott G. Stephenson: And bear in mind, again, as Mark reported, financial services overall grew more than 40% in the quarter.
Scott G. Stephenson: So let me start off there, and Mark may want to add something there. Let me go back to second quarter of 2012 in order to kind of give you some perspective on the growth rates that healthcare -- the organic growth rates that healthcare has been turning in overall. So you'll remember that, in April of 2012, we acquired MediConnect. There's a suite of services that we provide, which are inside of the RQI division of healthcare. And essentially, what we're trying to do is to help health plans understand the quality with which they do what they do and to relate that to the cost that it requires them to do what they do. And we do that so that companies can be viable inside of the private insurance world, so that they can be viable with respect to Medicare Advantage. But that's the essence of what we're doing over there. There was pent-up demand for those services, and one of the things that we need to do to deliver the service is to access medical records. And so, we had a method. We have methods actually for doing that prior to the acquisition of MediConnect. But there was pent-up demand for those set of services. When we acquired MediConnect, what we -- and we talked about this at length, what we created was the ability to actually process faster because of the integration of the 2 businesses. And so, we began to respond to that pent-up demand as we moved into the third and the fourth quarter and even into the first quarter of 2013. And so, if you look at our growth rates inside of health, part of what was going on was that response to the pent-up demand. So I think what you're seeing when you compare, for example, first quarter to second quarter is that, that line of business is still healthy. It's still very growing nicely. But there was a particular reaction, which we expected based upon our increased capacity by virtue of bringing in MediConnect, and that was working very powerfully last half of last year and even into the first quarter of this year. And again, it's not that the effect has gone away, it's just that there was so much demand behind the dam. We don't really talk about specifically about the 3 divisions, but I'll just say that they're all important to the performance of Verisk Health. We're looking to all of them to grow. Just 2 weeks ago, we diligence-d the pipelines for each of the 3 divisions. They're all looking very healthy. And so, we have high expectations for all of them going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think that, in the near term, we are still working to essentially transform the categories that those phase [ph] meaning, the supply chain domain and the commercialization of climate science. And so, in the near term, no. In the long term, we think of them as options against really kind of building new categories that don't exist today. And we'll certainly work hard to keep you informed as we feel like we've reached those moments where we've actually -- we've created something substantially new and different. And we're working very hard at that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I guess, I would put it this way. I -- we are excited about a number of opportunities to bring more value to our insurance customers. We are at a moment in the P&C industry where there is as much -- or more openness to technology-driven innovation in insurance as, I think, there's ever been. And I think that there's a very settled understanding now that data analytics is going to play a very important role in all of that. So we're -- we really appreciate the relationship we have with our P&C customers, and we -- it's, in many ways, a good moment to be a partner to them, given sort of how their world and, therefore, our world with them is moving. Some of the things that we're talking about, for example, aerial imagery -- just to again go back to that one for a moment, when it fully emerges, it's potentially a very large category. And so, it remains to be seen whether or not we're able to put the solutions together in such a way that they become so compelling that the full market opportunity is realized. But there's a great sense of promise there. Over on the catastrophe modeling side, to just pick another one, the businesses is becoming much more richly featured than it used to be. Basically, our customers used to be primarily interested in the stochastic models. Now equally, they are interested in the decision-support software and the ability to try to pull a lot of observations together derived from the cat modeling world and apply them even at the level of the individual risk. And so, that kind of movement, we think, naturally creates the opportunity to bring substantially more value to the customers than has been there in the past. We haven't really sort of -- a rifle shot, a number in terms of what the organic growth rate is that all of that implies. But the kinds of things that I was just talking about become material relative to the book of business that we already have. And so, we're optimistic. We're leaning into the opportunities in the P&C space.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think you should think of it as multiyear, but I do believe the effects will -- I mean, actually, we've already seen the effects. Just to kind of recap for you, we have already implemented the unified platform for large customers in the payment accuracy division. Next up is the Enterprise Analytics, and that's a '14 deliverable. And then, we move into RQID in '15. So there are already effects, and we will see more effects in '14 than we have in '13. But it is -- it's a multi-year march. So it's kind of both, really. We will begin to see more and more benefit. I think that it's really when the entire suite has been enabled that the promise of being able to go to the customer and say, "Would you like us to turn this on for you?" is really -- I think that's when we're really there. And the third of the 3 divisions is a 2015 deliverable on that plan.
Scott G. Stephenson: Sure. Government business is rather modest. It sits inside the specialized -- inside of '13, it probably hurt us to the tune of $2 million to $3 million in '13 -- or will hurt us.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. The deeper penetration of existing customer relationships is a very important theme inside of what's going on in financial services. If I look at the business we do with the retail banks around the credit card line and demand deposits, essentially, up-selling is a very major part of what's happening in that business. And it's really -- and it continues to move through 3 levels. So the first level is the thing that we just love to do at Verisk, and that is build the contributory data set and create an industry-level set of Analytics around that contributory data set. And that's how the whole business got started. The next level then is to take the analytics derived from that and to find ways to apply them more precisely on a customer-by-customer basis. And so, that's the first level of up-sell that goes on. What we found is, even beyond that, we have created such a good analytic environment for retail banking analysis that, at the third level, we actually have a growing number of customers that, actually, in addition to purchasing level 1 and level 2, they also actually want to purchase the analytic environment. They want to license the analytic environment from us, which is, in no sense, cannibalizing what we were doing at the other levels. And so, that really is the story of what's going on with respect to those product sets inside of retail banking, and it continues to be a very important part of the growth that is occurring there. In fact, not -- there's -- we are acquiring new customers partly because that part of our business is actually finding its mark in overseas markets. But if you look at, for example, the United States market, a fair fraction of our growth is moving up that cross-sell ladder from the first stage to the second stage to the third stage, and that continues.
Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you very much. And I just like to thank everybody for joining us for our second quarter earnings call here today. We appreciate your interest and your support, and we look forward to speaking to you again at the conclusion of the next quarter. Thanks very much, and enjoy your day.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. Let me just take this. This is Mark. There are parts of this initiative and many others, where there's actual programming time that could be capitalized and put on our balance sheet. However, when you purchase data, it is required to be expensed. So when we talked about the CapEx numbers being relatively unchanged, I think that's consistent with what we said in the past. This, that we're calling out, actually has direct effect on the P&L because we are expensing the aggregation of images.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes. Historically, it has always been a -- healthcare, as a whole, has been a 40-60 type of seasonal split. So 40% on the first half, 60% on the second. We continue to try to bring that, kind of, more in line over the course of the year. But that is just the nature of the business right now.
Mark V. Anquillare: So let me just describe the 11%. I was talking specifically about the mortgage analytics business. And what we did last year, that would be 2012 full year, the mortgage analytics business was down about 11%. What we've been saying is that the full year 2013, we think, it will also be down about 13%. So obviously, we'd be down more than that in the first quarter. And hopefully, we'll start to see some stabilization and some growth, as we progress towards the end of this year for mortgage only. That does not have any...
Mark V. Anquillare: Let me just -- to emphasize, I mean, I appreciate the question about Risk Assessment. I'd just like to continue to kind of reinforce the fact that I think we kind of think of some of the way we go to market for both the Decision Analytics and Risk Assessment customers. They're the same customers. We're trying to sell a suite. And I think we continue to be effective there with some accelerating organic growth, kind of, across the 2 categories.
Mark V. Anquillare: So I think what we would probably need to do is really think about this in terms of we're building a product today, and we wanted to make sure we have a robust product come into market because we have had customers that are excited about it. As we think about, kind of, the pull-forward that we've just talked about, a little of that has to do with, now, customer reaction and customer response. So I think the answer to your question is we have some pretty big kind of CapEx or an expense that we're kind of bringing through in the first half. We would probably continue, as we described and what we kind of hinted towards in the second half. As I get into 2014, it's a little bit tough to marry up kind of the revenue and the expense around those categories. I would see that the investment would be large. I'm not sure if it's going to be materially larger than what you'll see in '13. So from a relative margin perspective, I don't have great visibility quite yet. But I don't -- I wouldn't put margin erosion on it. I would just say we should probably maintain [indiscernible] flatter.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. I think one of the things that we tried to highlight is that it has been a very good new sales year for the first half of '13. But the way customers adopt and implement, it's not always they can go right away. So we may pick up a little bit in '13, but a lot of these things are actually priming for and looking towards 2014. And in large part, because of the nature of this 40-60 revenue split, a lot of it does actually hang on the latter part of the second half of '14. The other thing that we've tried to, at least, mention a little bit, we've had -- some of these contracts for customers have come to us, and they've said, "Let's have a conversation about us giving you bigger volumes and longer-term commitments. Is there a way to marry up kind of some price with these longer commitments?" And we're willing to do that for the right customers and for the right type of volumes. And all of that kind of plays out in a way that probably helps us in '14, and it certainly kind of impacts kind of the way we think about into the future and beyond.
Mark V. Anquillare: Agreed. I mean, I just can't get into the details of contracts except that we're feeling very good about the pipeline, and it's more of a '14 type of new sales win where we see revenue.
Mark V. Anquillare: As an example, I know that there's been some better news with regard to premium growth inside of 2012 relative to, say, 2011. The way we operate in a loose affiliation, 12 premiums would relate to some of our invoicing in 2014. But I will kind of reemphasize Scott's point. What we're trying to do is make sure that there's value to customers, and the customers are looking at the bottom line, how much the invoice is. And we want to make sure that that's fair. We want to make sure that, that is well thought of, so that we can sell other services and other solutions typically from the DA suite to them. And that's the long-term relationship building and the best way for us to win in the long term.
Mark V. Anquillare: Let me jump over to the Risk Assessment. I think what we continue to find promising is Risk Assessment does turn out very nice and stable growth to the extent that, that growth is kind of the above the cost of generally people. We've been able to have some high incremental margins on that business. The operating leverage is strong, and I think we feel very good about that. The one thing I wanted to just highlight, though, is that when we talk about investment, it is across the entire enterprise. And we have high expectations for Risk Assessment around trying to find new opportunities in markets too. And inside that, they have investment initiatives that should certainly be a part of all of this and be considered in. So what you saw in the second quarter was some strength. Remember, a bit of it was the result of the way we recognize expense around options. So if you compared second quarter of '13 to '12, that is -- that piece is a one-time effect. And I just want to caution you to just remember that as you do comparisons from '13 to '12. There is a bit of one-time amount in there.
