Scott G. Stephenson: Tim, this is Scott. Yes, that's correct. They're -- basically all of -- the difference between our original expectations and where the quarter came out were a function of events at 4 customers, and in all cases, that was related to RQI.
Scott G. Stephenson: No, no. In the comments I made upfront, Tim, I said that of the 4, 3 of them were slowdowns in terms of implementation or ramping. One of them was because we traded off price for longer-term commitments.
Scott G. Stephenson: A lot of it has to do with the ability to get implemented. And the ability to get implemented is not always fully in our control.
Scott G. Stephenson: One thing to bear in mind about our business, Tim, is that we have a very healthy mix of new business with new parts of an existing customer, as well as absolutely new customers. And so you actually have those effects inside of what was happening. In other words, an existing customer, which is trying to implement in a different part of their operation, that actually shows up in some of those cases that I was just mentioning.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, Andrew, this is Scott. I don't actually. And you're right about those headlines, and we're aware of what's going on in the space. But the fundamental fact of our situation remains that we are still a relatively small player inside of this world. And so our opportunity is ahead of us, and it really is centered upon building out our business and acquiring business with a number of plans that we don't even work with today. And so yes, there are the dynamics of what's going on inside of the category. Although I will say that it remains the case that Medicare Advantage plans are still highly incented to get after precise measurement of their performance, both cost and quality, since their reimbursement hangs upon it so deeply, and that's the category that we're providing here. So no, I don't think that there's really any affect in what happened in this quarter nor will there be in the -- at least, in the near-term future because our opportunity is essentially to take more space starting from a relatively small position.
Scott G. Stephenson: They are -- we believe that all of them are in the process of moving towards contracting with us and/or expanding their business with us.
Scott G. Stephenson: Right. So first with respect to the rollout, a lot of -- a fundamental fact is that a lot of the fraud, waste and abuse the goes on in healthcare is actually perpetrated by providers. And when you take that perspective, then immediately, you're framing on trying to get after this becomes a somewhat local one because you're actually trying to diligence providers in the way they interact with payers more on a market-by-market basis. And so the way that we've gotten started with this is the -- in the first phase of this, we've got -- we have 2 national players who have come in, but they have come in only for certain localities. And so the rollout is going to take 2 forms: one is hope -- we expect that they will bring more and more of their localities into the pooled data initiative; and then secondly, more payers will enter in to the initiative. And so just to kind of give you a sense of kind of the scale of all of this, with the providers that we started with, we're dealing with a relatively small fraction of their total business is inside of what we're doing today. And the next wave of payers to come in, we would expect it to be on the order kind of 3 to 5 additional source of plans, and that sort of pace of build over the course of rest of '13 and into 2014, is kind of what we're looking for. So it does grow. It's not growing linearly. It will be much more than that, and there is the network effect of having more and more payers in the process. So we -- that's the way that we think it'll grow.
Scott G. Stephenson: And I'll just add to that, a very pleasing fact for us is that we now have a material fraction of all the ACOs, which have been launched to date as customers for our EA division, which is a really, really nice place to sit.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, it's not -- no, there's not a catch-up effect here. So I'm not quite sure I'm tracking your question, but let me say it the way that we see it and understand it. So we made some trade-offs in the third quarter with respect to price, which showed up in our third quarter results, will show up on our fourth quarter results. And will have the effect of relating to transaction volumes in '14, '15 and '16 in particular. Then separately, there are customers that we're finding are intending to be our customers, but the rate at which they are moving into being a part of our customer set is lower than we had originally thought it would be. And that applies in the quarter, but also as we try to think about where the business is going to be in '14, we're seeing some of that same effect. And as I think you know, a large fraction of what we do and in healthcare, about 70% of it, is transactional as opposed to the rest of Verisk, which is about 70% subscription and recurrent. And so that which we don't get in '13, it's not -- it doesn't just roll over into '14.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, I'm sure that we would -- I'm not on the point about specifically what our reporting looks like, but certainly, we will continue to comment on mortgage just because mortgage is a meaningful part of what we're doing in financial services. With respect to the bottoming, you got to look at 2 things. One is what's happening with respect to mortgage origination volumes. And there, according to the MBA, the expectations for '14 is it'll be a somewhat softer market than '13. And then the other piece is cycling through the forensic piece, and our view is we haven't quite gotten to the bottom yet, but we're moving towards it.
Scott G. Stephenson: I would say that it's possible. What happened in this case was very specific to the individual customer. And -- but we're also paying a lot of attention to price realization in the category. And again, we are still sort of the, relatively speaking the new kid on the block in healthcare generally. We were -- in 2010, we did about $55 million of healthcare and you know where we are now. So our position is one that isn't -- is emerging relatively quickly. It's in a category where a lot of the product today tends to be transactional rather than long-term subscription. So we're working very hard to secure that business. But it's also the case that the customers themselves are going to have a view about exactly how rapidly they're looking to grow their own books of business and how rapidly they're looking to grow their engagement with us. And so those are essentially the moving piece parts. And in the middle of all of that, our goal is to become an increasingly relevant part of what it is that they do. So certainly, if there were opportunities to trade off price with volume, we would take a look at those because we want to be a leader. And this is a moment where we're introduced to new customers that we haven't worked with before, and we're expanding relationships with existing accounts, and all of that is -- it's very dynamic. And we're open to what the right way to go about optimizing that going forward.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. Well, as you know, 2012 was actually a very active year for us in M&A. So there was a little bit of -- we needed to fulfill our commitments with respect to our leverage, and we accomplished that. But otherwise, we remain as active in them M&A process as we've ever been. We -- and I would just underline that we continue to be thoughtful about what we think is the right assets, and we're certainly looking hard at what are fair valuations. I think it's fair to say that in this time of relatively cheap money, valuations have tended to move up. There have been several transactions this year around assets that, from the headline level, at least you would have said, "Gee, isn't that really logical for Verisk." But as we looked at them, we thought very long and hard about valuation and what we thought was the right way to use our shareholders' money and in some cases, took a pass. But we're as active as ever, and we remain very committed to the M&A agenda as part of long-term value creation here.
Scott G. Stephenson: They have, yes. They -- and one of the things that we talked about a couple of quarters ago, actually, when we were characterizing MediConnect upfront, was that we thought that something unique would happen when we put MediConnect together with the assets of what we used to call HRP because essentially we were now sort of fulfilling a value chain where it began with chart abstraction and ends with the analytics to support the payer in making their argument for their cost and quality outcomes. And so we had -- we were putting all of those assets together. And in fact, what we saw over the course, particularly of third and fourth quarter 2012 and first and second quarter of 2013, was that some demand was essentially liberated by virtue of our ability to provide that end-to-end solution. And you certainly saw that in our results and in the substantial organic growth that took place there. That effect continues to occur, and that's why we believe that we're going to have a very healthy level of growth in the healthcare business next year. But there was sort of a moment in time response to a capability that just was not there for us prior to the 2 assets coming together. And each of them individually has continued to do well. MediConnect has very much been operating according to plan.
Scott G. Stephenson: It's sort of weeks to months. So it's -- and it all depends on -- in many ways, it actually depends on the nature of the customer's operations. But think of it as several weeks to sort of a low count in terms of number of months.
Scott G. Stephenson: I think the one thing that we are trying to do, so we get a little bit away from some of the seasonally is we have tried to work with our customers so there wouldn't be quite as much kind of second half demand so that the opportunity and their needs are spread more broadly across the entire year. I think we've been somewhat successful there, but I think you're going continue to see more in the second half of the year. Typically, that was in that 60% to 70% range. So hopefully, we're trending towards the lower percentage there as we're thinking about that in the future.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody being with us for the call. We appreciate all the questions, and we certainly understand the interest in our -- the healthcare part of our business. We remain focused on making it a really very strong and important part of Verisk. It's a long march but one in which we're very confident. We're also very excited about a lot of other things happening in our business. And the agenda remains focused on innovation, and we believe that we are becoming an increasingly strong company with respect to innovation and growth. And so we look forward to being with you again next quarter, and thanks for your time today.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So let me describe, the images are one thing, obviously, a lot of people have pictures. What we are actually trying to do is go one step beyond that and from those pictures derive data through a computer vision actually creating what is specific measurements of roofs and homes and information that can be used for both claims and underwriting in the P&C space. We have been on this agenda now for over a year, and we have built out the infrastructure from standpoint of the technology, the data center and the servers. However, as you actually start to collect and aggregate data in the form of images, that needs to be expensed, not a CapEx item. And so we're trying to call out some of the P&L impact associated with that initiative, and there is a bigger chunk in the fourth quarter. That's what I was trying to describe there in the $10 million.
Mark V. Anquillare: Let me take that one. This is Mark. The general theme is they have performed well. I would tell you that the bigger growth in the opportunity at least recently has been with RQI, and that's where we've seen some big customer contracts. I think the underlying theme around Payment Accuracy, which is the fraud and abuse case, is very strong, and we continue to have nice ramping customers in volumes. Although as the business gets larger, it's tough to grow at the same percentage rate. So what we've seen is growth extension and the opportunity to continue to add dollars. But the dollars are on a bigger base, so the percentages are lower. From an EA, which we refer to as Enterprise Analytics side of things, a little more competition in this space. I think we see opportunities there that extend beyond what as providers -- excuse me, extend beyond what are the payers and into the provider space, and we're ramping up in spending and investing there with the opportunity to kind of extend the market opportunity as what is, call, population management or the world of what we do in Enterprise Analytics can be applied to a shifting set of risks potentially inside of the healthcare space as providers probably take on some more risk in the future.
Mark V. Anquillare: So I think what we tried to describe, the dealer part was -- and this is more of a CapEx discussion and then I'll double back into the P&L. Our CapEx is higher right now. I want to just at least give a little color and clarity on that. And inside that, I think at least $10 million additional has been added. So now we're at about $30 million inside that CapEx because of these investment initiatives and some of that additional CapEx is really just because operational needs to get the bigger, whether it's around facilities or just it's around computing power. That's been the focus with some additional CapEx. I think that answer your question. If you're more on the P&L side, I'm happy to go into a little deeper dive there, but what we tried to reflect inside of the -- up to 5 -- 100 bps is some of the expense that we would incur resulting from the investment initiatives, which are more than $90 million today from what I'll call P&L perspective.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yes, when I was referring to the 100 bps, I was referring to full year '13. I think we've continued to have a view that we'll be in that high end of the range of 43% to 45% as we roll into '14 and beyond.
Mark V. Anquillare: That is correct. So what we've seen is, at one point, the forensic was as much as 60% of the business. I think we're kind of trending towards that 50-50 at this point. And to clarify, yes, we have seen a lower or lighter decline on the forensic side. And with regard to the front end of the business, which is more closely tied to originations, it was kind of down consistent with what has been a drop in the overall market in the a number of originations there.
Mark V. Anquillare: This is Mark. I mean, I think we tried to characterize earlier the nature of the growth there, it has been primarily driven by some of the RQI. The other 2 businesses have continued to perform nicely but not at the levels of RQI.
Mark V. Anquillare: All businesses were strong. As we kind of think about the businesses, we think there's opportunities across the board, yes.
