Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you, Eva and good morning all. Our second quarter revenue growth was good, again driven by very strong performance in our insurance units. We remained focused on our effort to continue to innovate and deliver predictive analytics for our customers, which will in turn lead to solid organic growth and shareholder returns over time. As we’ve discussed with you, we consider our organic growth rate to be the single best measure of our vitality as an organization. I believe our assets makes us the best, it has been in my years with the company. And we believe our assets will allow us to deliver the kind of organic growth you’ve come to expect from Verisk. I want to share with you a couple of recent highlights, across some of our key themes. A wonderful example on the innovation and investment agenda is the launch of Touchstone 2.0 which is the next version of our next generation cat modeling platform, released earlier this month. As you know we’ve invested in Touchstone and are very pleased with the customer adoption, we’ve seen in the course of 2013 and 2014. With this second release, we’re introducing many new capabilities, including support for non-cat risks, such as fire, lightening, explosion and vandalism. Having this information in a single platform, by leveraging other parts of the Verisk insurance solutions group, provide some more comprehensive view of risk, thereby expanding the value to our insurance customers, by giving them a more holistic view of their portfolio. Second, we’re focused on the large and long-term opportunity, related to international expansion. We’re in the very early innings with international comprising a small piece of our revenue today. Our units within existing presence outside the U.S are working to expand. We generate revenue outside the U.S today from analytics-related to catastrophe modeling, environmental health and safety, payments and insurance claims. Our other units with solutions and analytics which are applicable or adaptable to international markets are exploring the best ways to enter those markets. A recent example of our international efforts is the Risk Symposium, we held in London, in June. We were pleased with the quality of the attendees and the strong interest in our solutions from the insurance industry. As we’ve discussed in the past, our international efforts will reflect the mix of both organic growth and acquisitions where they make strategic and financial sense. M&A remains high on our agenda and our team is actively evaluating opportunities, while we remain focused on our core principle of creating shareholder value through innovation, discipline and execution. We’ve meaningful capacity for additional acquisitions that meet our strategic agenda, both through our significant free cash flow, as well as our borrowing capacity. We also have continued to repurchase our stock, a sign of confidence in our future. We continue to work through the SEC approval process, in connection with our announced acquisition of EagleView Technology and still expect to close the acquisition in the third quarter of 2014, likely towards the end of September. In the second quarter of 2014, we delivered good overall performance with total organic revenue growth of about 9% and diluted adjusted EPS growth of about 8%. EBITDA margin in the quarter was about 46%. We are focused on delivering value to our shareholders and we remain disciplined in our use of capital. In the quarter we returned capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases of about $30 million. Our remaining authorization at the end of the quarter was about $346 million. We will continue to use our authorization consistent with our capital allocation strategy as we previously outlined. And with that, let me turn it over to Mark to cover our financial results in more detail.
Scott G. Stephenson: Sure, so let me first describe a little bit about the way we think of cap on some. Those are very big function inside the opportunity where there is a model that is used for any type of insurance link transaction. We believe that the science is very important there it’s probably the pure sense of the quality of the solution and in a very significant majority of the coupons AIR has own that business, so unfortunately it’s a little bit more difficult to predict, it kind of gets up and down year and year out generally though the trend in insurance-linked transaction in coupons has been growing over time. So we think that is positive trend broadly. I think the best way to kind of describe, the impact is, it is not a material part of the cat remodeling business, but it becomes increasingly more important. The overall growth that I wanted to describe inside of Decision Analytics insurance as a whole even without that would have grown about 10%, an excessive 10% actually in the quarter.
Scott G. Stephenson: This is Scott. Basically through the work that Argus does we have a very comprehensive view of spending patterns by individuals and households. And the world of those who are trying to promote to individuals and households is interested in understanding what the reaction is when there is some form of media campaign. It could be traditional media, it could be new media. Argus data are useful in understanding what the reaction is in terms of consumer spending patterns. That’s the linkage.
Scott G. Stephenson: We are really quite sure that we’re taking share, but it’s also the case that the size and scope of the relationships with our existing customers are also growing. So, both of those are contributing to our growth. And, yes, we expect that RMS will eventually come out with their own solution and this is a – this will be a perpetual journey for us in terms of always upgrading the value of our solution. That is not really anything different from where the business has been in the past.Timothy McHugh – William Blair & Company L.L.C.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, so we did announce an acquisition it wasn’t in this quarter was actually a while ago, and it is a very, very small acquisition what we acquired was really technology, but our view on Telematics overall is, it is likely that with time our customers are going to be interested in how they rate auto insurance policies and that at some point which is very difficult to determine actually very difficult to predict, data derived via telemetry from vehicles, it can probably play some role in all of that. And our first and most important goal here is to remind relevant in terms of auto policies get priced. And so we feel the need to be very familiar with the kind of data that are coming off of the installed devices that you kind of see today, the after-market devices and the mining of data from the OBD ports on the vehicles and but also – actually there is more interest now in seeing whether we can use our smartphones to also communicate some of the dynamics of the operation of the vehicle. So we’re really interested in it, because we have a relatively large business today in the mechanics of rating a personal auto policy, net commercial auto policy. And we see Telematics first and foremost as our ability to stay current with respect to what’s happening there. So some of what we do in Telematics will express itself as sort of new factors, which are incorporated into our rating programs and won’t necessarily emerge as separate revenue line items. But it’s also the case that we think that as we continue to do work in the Telematics space, we’re open to also finding ways to license some of the methodology to others that are also interested in mining telemetry data.Jeffrey P. Meuler – Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Okay. Thank you.
Scott G. Stephenson: We clearly incurred some possible in the fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year I mean in 2014 to handle the volumes and to satisfy customers. Those are kind of excess costs we would not expect to continue, correct.Andrew C. Steinerman – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Perfect. Thank you.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. Let me, you had a couple questions in there. So just first of all, to clarify the factual statement. What we were communicating is that the number of records that we retrieved in the second quarter of 2014 was more than 50% greater than the number of records we retrieved in the second quarter 2013.Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, so q-over-q.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, there is – there is definitely a relationship, I think your word dependent is a little bit strong because as is true of almost everything that we do in healthcare, part of our opportunity is defined by the fact that we are relative newcomer and so, we haven’t really become the category leader in, I would say, almost anything that we do. And so, part of our opportunity is based upon taking our position inside of these markets. But, yes, one of the confidence points for us on Medicare Advantage, the part of our business which faces Medicare Advantage is that on balance we think that the long-term trends are good. If you just look at demography in the United States and you look at the continued relative popularity of Medicare Advantage, we think those are positive factors as it relates to the long-term for our healthcare business.Joseph D. Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. And what percentage of healthcare now is Medicare Advantage or the work you do there? And then just adjacent to that. You said your visibility has improved. Can we assume that visibility in that business will always pickup, maybe here going forward? I actually think about that in general.
Scott G. Stephenson: There definitely is seasonality, particularly as it relates to the Medicare Advantage business. And something that we put out in the past is that overall our total healthcare business is about 40% in the first half, 60% in the second half as a rough general guideline. Without question our visibility with respect to the part of the business that is seasonal increases as we move through the year. But part of what we’ve been trying to stress in this call is that because of the substantial ramp in the overall volumes we have in the part of our business which is transactional, especially the Medicare Advantage business, we have been very diligent in the first of half of 2014 in trying to tune operations, anticipate the second half surge, if I can call it that, and to observe on where we need to be. So, yes, there is more visibility, but the other part of the equation is preparedness and our team – I’m very proud of our team. They’ve worked very hard to get prepared for, to deliver against the successful selling that they’ve been doing. And so, we feel good.Joseph D. Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay. Thank you.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, that’s really what we’ve been reporting on throughout here, I mean our ability to as we mentioned a few minutes ago, the ability to retrieve over 50% more volumes in the same time prior period is directly a function of the coordinating that we have been doing with our customers, as well as our strong sense what the volumes will be in the second half, and so that’s all the product of that of the demand planning, I was actually speaking with the head of our healthcare unit yesterday, and she was in touch with one of our important customer, they’re all important to us. But one of our large customers and it was just more of the same dialog that we're in with our customers in terms of where they're at, what they need. Believe me, there are a lot of operational metrics that get shared back and forth on a very consistent basis and it is that tied in quality us to them and then to us that really characterizes the way we're going about this business.
Scott G. Stephenson: It’s definitely, our M&A agenda is definitely not characterized primarily by opportunism, we have got very hard about which verticals we are in, and our first preference always would be to build out from the verticals that we’ve already established, and so the reference earlier the international market is that’s exactly what that’s about, it’s trying to find ways to take our existing capabilities and as they can relevant in other markets. It’s just a comment which I know many of you have heard us say before, but I think our methods if you think of it as the algorithms and the methods by which we operate the algorithms, I think they're completely applicable by and large in other markets. The issue is that other economy is don’t have the same tradition of data aggregation that we have in the United States. And so, a lot of what actually governs the rate at which we can move out as our ability to begin to cause data sets to flow. We're very open to using our M&A dollars in international markets, but I think you're putting two things together that kind of don't go together in our minds. We will use M&A dollars for international expansion and that’s definitely a part of our thinking, that doesn’t necessarily imply that we were moving into new verticals. I think that it’s our view, generally would be that by and large the set of verticals we are serving is a very adequate playing field for us. There are – there is I don’t want to say too much about it, but there are, there is one vertical which is sort of adjacent to the ones we already in and there may be a linkage there at some point I really wouldn’t want to disclose too much that lower. Thinking that right at the moment, but because I would – I am mentioning that because I wouldn’t want, anybody to be surprised, if it were the case in the future that we did, open up another vertical, but we – for a long time now we said that we are not looking to sort of add verticals without constrain, we are very thoughtful about what verticals we are in and I think we have a good set of verticals.
Scott G. Stephenson: Sure, I think there s I’ll let Mark, answer that but I’ll just say there’s been absolutely no layoffs, we are on the expense then a number of parts of our business, so that’s sort of the furthest thing from the reality of our business. But Mark do you want to take on this SG&A account.
Scott G. Stephenson: So we don’t think of 9% as the benchmark. We expect that number to come down as we move into 2015 and beyond. But it is also true that in general relative to, let’s say, five years ago, just to pick a reference point, the software intensity of the business have gone up. I referenced, for example, earlier Touchstone, which is a very major movement inside of the whole cat modeling world and that’s just a category of spending, which is tended to be much lower in the past. I would also say that because of the desire to bring out these solutions in general across many of our businesses, we find are still spending somewhat more on the internal development of solutions, which we capitalized. There have been a couple of things, which I think have been a little bit more one-time. We’ve basically been consolidating down to data centers and all of that, has required some special attention at the moment in time. And we built a major new facility now in Salt Lake City. In that we’re cycling through that in 2014. So, some of those things are going to kind of naturally come down any way. And then, I think as our businesses scale, I think we’ll naturally find that that ratio moderates as well. So 9% is not the benchmark, but it is also the case actually that our business. If you want to be solutions oriented and if you want to be growth oriented, as we do, I think a natural implication is that you become somewhat more capital intense and we have.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, that’s a little – your question sort of ended in sort of a funny place, because prediction is a little bit difficult. And I know you are using shorthand when you’re saying cat, but just to remind you it’s cat bonds. And so, its investors are anticipating that there is something in the market that would allow them to make a return based upon – in essence betting on the frequency and the depth of catastrophe activity, but we’re talking about the investing in the bonds. And the bond volumes tend to be a functional of a couple of things. One is, probably some very general sense of the intensity of catastrophe activity in the economy globally, but also a sense of different ways that you can lay off catastrophe risks. So how active is the reinsurance market with respect to ensuring against cat risk et cetera. So there’s a number of factors that are actually in there. The market over time has tended to grow, but it also has tended to cycle around a little bit. Mark, I don’t really have a predictive metric in mind. I don’t know if you do.
Scott G. Stephenson: So I think most folks know that – so as we’ve talking about Medicare Advantage that’s really about our RQID division. We have two others. One is enterprise analytics and the other is payment accuracy. Payment accuracy is about diligence and claims to get fraud, waste, and abuse out of them and enterprise analytics is essentially about risk adjusting and including applications of risk adjusting into categories like population health management. So those other businesses are very important in the mix of what it is that we do. And we’re looking for really growth across the board in the business. I would say that kind of recently payment accuracy has had some nice win in the sales in terms of growth. Payment accuracy tends to have more of a transactional nature to it. Essentially our revenue is related to the amount of money that we thrift for our customers. Enterprise analytics tends to be very subscription oriented.
Scott G. Stephenson: No, I don’t see that as a factor.Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay and on the healthcare side I am wondering in terms of how us think about the size of the addressable market and growth and I know these things don’t change that much quarter-to-quarter, but if you have any thoughts on how those sides in the market is relative to the $4 billion that you discussed at the Analyst Day, how the three markets are growing, and are there any key capabilities that come up in your conversation with clients that you think will help you better attack those buckets relative to what you are capable of today.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, one thing you should bear in mind. I know Mark is going to jump in at a slightly more technical level, but bear in mind that the record retrieval that we’re talking about relates to only part of our business. So that characterization of a much greater rate of record retrieval is very accurate and augurs for growth in the third and the fourth quarter, but you can’t do it one-for-one in terms of the growth of our overall healthcare business because those records and that retrieval relates to the part of our business, which is Medicare Advantage, which is we said is greater than 50%, but it’s well shy of 100% of our whole mix. So, you can’t complete those two.
Scott G. Stephenson: It’s Scott here and I just would like to thank everybody for joining us for this earning call and for your continued interest in our company. I know that Eva and team will be following up with several of you and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thanks for your time.
Mark V. Anquillare: So your math is correct? Correct, yes we are expecting both of those. We are doing the right things with regard to healthcare and position to deliver. And at the same time I just want to emphasize that how strong a business the Argus business is, and I think we feel that we’re making great progress along lot of fronts.James E. Friedman – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Great, I appreciate the clarification. Thank you.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, thank you, Andrew. It’s a good question and let me just describe a little bit about the plan that we have and how we’ll roll this out. Because of the – a little bit kind of seasonal nature of the business, I think – we are doing right now is we’re getting enough people in place to satisfy what I’ll call the busy season which is the July through to typically into January sometimes in February, Medicare Advantage sweeps. What we’ve also done is we kind of work with some partners to handle overflow business. We have that both onshore and offshore to the extent that we need. And the expectation is because, a, we are hired and ramped up significantly more than last year. So that’s why I referenced the additional costs in the quarter that we probably didn’t see in the past. We should be better ready, better equipped to provide: a, higher quality service; b, the productivity should be there. It is difficult sometimes to try to manage all these new hires and that kind of self staffing somebody who we have had some tenure with will be better equipped to be able to be efficient, be more productive. We’ve also worked – we talk about a lot of effectiveness in efficiency, we’ve also worked on internal processes, we have metrics, we have work flow solutions all of those should contribute to higher quality and more effective process in the latter half of the season but the latter half of what will be 2014. That's what gives us some of the confidence as we talk about going forward. A lot of these volumes is about interacting with customers, making sure we know how they're going to give to us, when they’re going to give it to us, so we can deliver on our promises and deliver kind of results for them.Andrew C. Steinerman – JPMorgan Chase & Co.: And so there should be some operating leverage as the revenue grows picks up right.
Mark V. Anquillare: So a very large percentage of the Argus business is long-term contracts. We recognize it greatly over the year, very high visibility, very high rate of recurring revenue. Around those benchmark studies the beauty of the Argus business is they get very deep and very close to the customers who then need some special projects done. In many cases that work or that project work tends to flow a little bit more heavily into the fourth quarter. It represents a smallish fraction, between 10% to 20% of the business and it’s pretty regular, but there is some timing elements as to when. And there was a pretty major project that took place in third quarter of 2013. I would tell you that it wasn’t anything we would call out because it is just kind of a part of the business. It happens all the time. So I would tell you we are not concerned by anything, but you see kind of slower growth here in the second quarter around the Argus business. I think we feel good about where we’re going to be.
Mark V. Anquillare: Just on this small fraction revenue, we typically do not view it as all that volatile and I respect the comment.Andrew W. Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, we see the company as fundamentally the same company that we’ve – we’ve always thought that it was we’re not actually updating EagleView financials right now Bill, we will do that once we’ve closed on the transaction we’ll come back to you but, we’re not updating you at the momentWilliam A. Warmington – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay.
Mark V. Anquillare: But it’s the – it’s the same – it’s the same company competitively positioned and enjoying good success in its markets.William A. Warmington – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Then on the healthcare side, I want to ask about if there was anything you can do to talk about on that pool data initiative.
Mark V. Anquillare: Not really, I mean we – there is one – there is one company that is – is very large and it’s very interested in coming in and the building of the contributory data set is this is how it works, it’s just kind of three yards and a cloud of dust, but every still often you sort of breakthrough and so we’re – we’re hopeful that the one that I’m referencing here, where we actually have – contract papers in their hands will haven’t sooner, rather than later.William A. Warmington – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Well, thank you very much.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure, I think there is couple of things that we continue to do as we tried to fine tune all of our competition plant and in April we give out our Equity words, so one of the things typically affects is obviously you have an increase in equity that that will make the normal increase, I think what you will also find out is, in our program if your age 62 or alter you what make the best and I think we have fewer people in that bracket, or in that kind of category for 2014. So I don’t think we have that accelerated best in accelerated best that, would have historically taken place in the April timeframe so that may contribute a little bit to the SG&A item that you referred to. The only other thing that, does come to mind is we think about overall the compensation plans, I think we at Verisk probably have been a little bit more focused in 2014 on variable comp that would be in the form of our short-term cash programs as well as long-term equity programs and probably had a little bit less in the form of salary increases. So if you’re repositioning, although, the overall comp increases were at least as good as in the past, but the way we went about it is probably slightly different this year.
Mark V. Anquillare: No. I just will reiterate what I said, Danny. The growth in DA insurance is greater than 10% excluding the cat bonds and the way those cat bonds are priced to be exact. It’s about the size of the deal and obviously that the number of deals that happen.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, yeah so our view of the opportunity really have not change as kind of implied in your question. Healthcare continues to be a very large part of the American economy and in general, it is an environment that is characterized by I would say an increasing interest in the use of data analytics to make decisions. Supported in, I would say in a background kind of a way by our government’s seeming interest in pulling more data analytics and to the part of the cost tax of government is responsible for and by making data sets from CMS a little bit more available. So, that kind of the overall sense of the market is that it remains as the opportunists as it has one of the big sort of issues on the horizon is, will the providers become more risk bearing and there is a lot more talk about that and then there is actually progress to-date if not that there has been none and there are more accountable care organizations than they are used to be, but when you look at the fraction of the risk which has been warned by the providers it still relatively low. Another movement in the space that you got the rise of the exchanges there are the public exchangers there are also the private exchanges and we’ve actually had some nice progress in terms of becoming the analytic inside of some of the exchangers. We actually see the exchanges as another customer segment in the same way that commercial payers or a customer segment in the way that state medicates our customer segment etc. So you have those kinds of developments in the market. But the overall story is the effective reform is to have more people be insured and since the majority of our business is with insurers today on balance that is a relatively positive trend.Andre Benjamin – Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks.
Mark V. Anquillare: And, David, I’ll just kind of reiterate what I was trying to describe earlier in terms of follow-on. I think we feel good about the increased volumes. I think it’s indicative of a combination of: a, our customers and working with our customers to get things sooner and also it’s partially indicative of the fact that we do had greater volumes apples-to-apples compared to last year. So, I can’t tell you there is a direct correlation to revenue there, but it’s certainly a partial correlation. And I think it’s a set of good example set aside of several things that we’re doing to make sure that we deliver on the results in the second half.
Danny Caliendo – Morgan Stanley: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question, I want to delve into expenses a little bit, they didn’t jump as much quarter-over-quarter this year, as they have in the past especially on the SG&A line, and looking at the Q, and there is some of the salaries actually went down in the quarter there? So, maybe if you can just give a little color on your expense control on SG&A? Is it something why may be the bonus is very low, but lower, what is there anything else going on there or maybe your down facto the sales force and focusing more on kind of improving the operational efficiency, let me try to color on the expense curve.
Danny Caliendo – Morgan Stanley: One more on the CapEx. Historically you were at the low 5%. Now you’re kind of moving more towards this 9% of revenues number and you mentioned that you were spending more on capitalizing software.
Danny Caliendo – Morgan Stanley: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, lastly, just a quick one. Going back to the insurance, you mentioned that the transactional revenue and you kind of indicated that the cat modeling were the big part of that, which you result in this particular quarter. I think you said something that would have been 11% without the cat impact. Number one, is that right? And then number two, just so we can kind of be aware of this in future quarters. With this cat transactional revenue, is it cat as the number of deals, maybe the face value on the deals or maybe the number of terms looking at the deals? Maybe a little color on how to think about predicting when a particular quarter might have higher or lower cat.
Danny Caliendo – Morgan Stanley: Okay. That’s helpful. I guess my question was more about how the revenue hit, not necessarily the size of the cat bond market, but how did revenue actually hit your insurance plan? So I guess your answer to that is that if we’re looking on cat bond issuance in a particular quarter, we would want to focus on the number of deals and the size of deals and then it could be taken by 3% impact to growth into this year versus the last quarter.
