Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you, Eva, and good morning to everyone. In the first quarter of 2013, we delivered strong overall performance, with total revenue growth of over 16% and diluted adjusted EPS growth of about 13%. Our consolidated organic revenue growth in the first quarter was 6.8%. Our organic revenue growth was 9.5% in the first quarter, excluding our mortgage analytics business, which continues to face some macro challenges, as we've discussed with you before. Profitability was strong, with an EBITDA margin of over 44% in the quarter, even while we continued to invest in innovation, as we signaled to you last quarter. Our free cash flow growth, adjusted for the timing of a tax benefit that Mark will describe later, was also strong, increasing over 14% in the quarter. We remain disciplined in our use of capital and we're focused on delivering shareholder returns. We returned capital to our shareholders through repurchases in this quarter of about $22 million. We remain active and disciplined in looking at M&A. We focus on assets with a genuine strategic fit, a strong financial model and an appropriate valuation in relation to future growth prospects. Last year, as you know, we spent about $800 million on acquisitions, principally for MediConnect and Argus, and we remain very pleased with last year's acquisitions, both from a strategic as well as a performance perspective. With those high-level results as background, let me just say I'm pleased to continue speaking with you about our strategy, as I've done since our IPO in 2009, but now from the CEO's seat. We will build on the strong platform developed and led for over a decade by Frank Coyne, who I'm delighted to say, remains with us as the Chairman of our board. These are exciting times for Verisk and our over 6,000 employees who have the task, every day, of creating value for our customers, and as a result, for our shareholders. I hope that a lot of you were able to attend or listen to our Investor Day presentations in March, where we shared with you the deep industry expertise and the innovative solutions that we deliver daily. As we've done for many years on our journey, we will continue to emphasize 4 things: first, looking for proprietary data sets and analytic methods; second, developing scalable industry-standard solutions; third, repurposing our intellectual property assets for enhanced value for both existing as well as new customers; and fourth, thinking with what we called the N+1 mindset. We continue to focus on investment opportunities and we're encouraged -- encouraging our teams to bring more forward. As we've discussed, we are funding a number of initiatives in 2013 and we plan to continue to do so into the future. Our list of investment initiatives in 2013 is very exciting and includes: remote imagery; Touchstone, which is our next-generation platform for catastrophe modeling; the unified health care platform and health care data aggregation; and supply chain innovations. Combining the power of analytics with the creativity of all of our team members, we intend to build on the strong financial results we delivered this quarter. The ongoing experience, knowledge and dedication of our employees across our enterprise positions us well for the rest of 2013. So with that, let me turn it over to Mark to cover our financial results in more detail.
Scott G. Stephenson: We are as active as we've ever been. And we are always proceeding from our strategy as it relates to the M&A agenda. So our case is not really founded so much on sort of the M&A climate overall. It's much more we are proactively in the market, creating relationship and suggesting opportunities. And we continue to find that we have a very high success rate in terms of engaging with companies that -- where there's at least a belief that there may be a strategic fit. So the work of the team continues just as it has. I think we said to you in the past that we certainly see health care as one of the places where we certainly anticipate additional M&A activity. And the work we're doing right now is very consistent with that. So it's really the same picture as it's always been.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, you've got a couple of things in there, Tim. First of all, on balance, we are pleased with where we are in the insurance vertical right now. I just want to stress, as a point that we've made consistently, which is we really see -- so the totality of what we do in the vertical. That is really where our strategy lies. We end up talking about RA and DA, and we're happy to do that. But in reality, the way the business works is that we're trying to knit solutions together. It's also the case at customers look to deal with us with respect to the full suite that we're providing them. So it's an all-in-all, so we're really tracking our performance in the vertical overall. So that said, you've referenced weather-related effects, there actually was quietness. There has been quietness recently. So that does factor in somewhere. But we're really just on the sort of the long march of causing our solutions to be valuable and to be deeply embedded with our customers. The net effect of all of that is we do believe that as 2013 moves forward, that we will see acceleration in the revenue growth rate of the insurance vertical.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, I mean, the context here has to be the seismic changes in the mortgage marketplace that have occurred over the last several years. And so that's just sort of the backdrop here. And distinguish in your thinking between the automated solutions that we provide, which are aimed at supporting the underwriting process, and the forensic solutions that we provide, which are aimed at supporting the resolution of loans, which have apparently gone bad. And those businesses respond to different things that are going on inside of the mortgage vertical. And it's the latter part. It's the forensic piece that has been going through an adjustment as underwriting standards change so much. And as we move through a bubble of a very large volume of loans which were in trouble, as we begin to normalize, the forensic side of that is naturally going to pull back. The automated solutions that we have in support of the origination process, and a suite of other newer solutions that we put together, all of those are actually very promising. And they're doing very well. And we're very excited about the team that we've got that is leading for us there. And so our focus is on making a success out of the parts of that business that naturally represent the greatest growth opportunity going forward, while trying to minimize the impacts of the market adjustment with respect to the volume of forensic activity. And obviously, the net effect of all of that is what you saw in the first quarter. There comes a point where the downward pull of the forensic adjustment is naturally going to work its way through. And our focus is then on a business, at that point, which -- our aim is to see it be advanced, to -- just to run the Verisk playbook, basically. Newer proprietary forms of data, new analytic methods, a deeper reach into that marketplace. So we're dealing -- our team there is dealing with kind of a once-in-an-economic-lifetime adjustment in the marketplace, and I think they've actually done a very fine job in working their way through that.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes, great -- that's a great question. So we're innovating on a number of fronts, but there are a few things that stand up and stand out. First of all, we're very happy with what's going on in our catastrophe modeling business, which continues to demonstrate leadership in all sorts of ways. And it's a very vibrant category, where there are still lots of country-peril combinations to be modeled. And there's a whole new wave of software innovation, which is coming into that business, where we feel that we're at the forefront, we're very happy with that and about all of that. Our underwriting solutions continued to advance very nicely. I think we've described in the past that when you look at the different places where we serve inside of the insurance vertical, we have great strength with respect to the rating, the pricing process for the insurance product, great strength with respect to the claims process and great strength with respect to some of the sort of complex analytics, which wash across all of that, including catastrophe modeling, as I mentioned before, and fraud fighting. In the underwriting category -- so underwriting, not the -- the underwriting, not rating part of the insurance process, we have opportunities to move towards an equivalent leadership position. We're not there today, but we are actually advancing very nicely. And then, some of the investing that we're doing in first half 2013, we hope and expect will be a part of 2013 results towards the back half of the year. We're very excited about opportunities to enhance replacement and repair cost estimating with some new data sets that really haven't been brought into that process before in any measurable way. And so we do expect a contribution from that in the latter half of the year.
Scott G. Stephenson: And typically, those deadlines for the -- working with CMS is around January 30, and how fast the customers go, whether there's a roll over into the first quarter or everything's done in fourth quarter is sometimes more of a customer-specific requirement.
Scott G. Stephenson: So, Suzi, I thought that we were going to give you specifics -- I think we feel a couple of things. There's 2 businesses that are generally in there. One is more focused on the environmental health and safety. There, I think we continue to feel good about that business, the supply chain, risk management, doing some investing around that. And I think there's some general excitement. That may have just been a little bit more around timing of the customers and use of products. So, nothing to change perspectives relative to what happened last year. Inside the other piece of the business, which is the climate risk portion, where we do work on behalf of and with the government. Two things happening there. First of all, in the quarter, it was more about a government contract that we just had some less volumes, so really more project-oriented from that government. And that's about 40% of the business. I think the second part of the question, just to kind of give you the furlough and the impact of furloughs on that government-related business, could be something that could affect us. The numbers aren't big to progress for the rest of the year. That's the only thing that's a little bit on our mind with regard to growth rates inside that portion of specialized.
Scott G. Stephenson: Let me talk about, sort of generally, how it's -- the Argus team and the Argus assets are working into what we're doing at Verisk. We are delighted to have the Verisk (sic) [Argus] team as our partners in Verisk. I would say that, if anything, the -- I would say that the business, its performance and its fit with what we're attempting to accomplish, is even better than we had anticipated and our expectations were pretty strong. The leadership team at Argus is actually already providing leadership broadly inside of Verisk as we work to find opportunities to work across verticals. And we're very encouraged that we've, even in this short period of time since we came together, we've had multiple customers who actually work with Verisk across vertical markets, particularly the insurance and the banking verticals, have actually, specifically, come to us looking for support that we can provide them in optimizing their businesses by taking a look at their books of business across these different categories. And it's just really exciting that the market is responding to what it is that we see there. Specific to Argus as Argus, apart from these opportunities to build in and with the rest of Verisk, the business continues to perform right on top of where we thought it would be.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yes. We had a really great session. And I think you're thinking about with our P&C customers, we had that customer conference last month. We actually engaged with our customers across the different verticals within the verticals. And so that -- the event that we had last month is far from the only one where we pull together with our customers. But if that's the one that you're speaking about, it was a very positive event. And I think the themes that certainly struck me from that session were, number one, that I think a lot of the companies are really leaning in to the notion that they can improve their businesses by making yet more intense use of Data Analytics. And I think that the openness to looking to a third-party like ourselves is at least as high as it's ever been. There's specific and into substantial interest in a few things. One would be the insights derived from weather and climate science. I mean, it's just, if you listen to the earnings calls of most publicly traded insurance companies, their CEOs within the first 2 or 3 paragraphs are relating the weather to last quarter's results, either positively or negatively. And we actually impaneled some senior executives to -- in a plenary session, and that was -- and when asked the question of them, what do you see as the likeliest surprises in 2013, the answers all reduced to a surprise, climactically, either up or down. Happily, between our catastrophe modeling and our climate science, we are in a great position to provide leadership on that. I would also say that the predictive modeling theme is very strong, very active. And then new data sets, which are derived either from telemetry sources or new ways of trying to observe physical assets from a distance, these are 2 themes that are really good. So we feel as if the environment is one in which, if we do our work well and we create good solutions, that the market is very open to what it is that we can do to support them.
Scott G. Stephenson: Thank you very much. We appreciate your questions today, your interest in our company, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you very much, and enjoy your day.
Mark V. Anquillare: No. I think, you're right on. I mean, it's really about life cycle of products. So there's some mature products inside the insurance space, as an example, but we've kind of achieved some relatively high margins. Health care, I think, we scale in each passing quarter. And each passing year, we expect to continue to move along that journey. There's probably some stronger competition in health care than in some of the insurance places where we compete, so that also factors into this space.
Mark V. Anquillare: So we don't give specific guidance, but as you correctly observed, the comp was a tough one because of some roll forward in the prior year. We clearly think that the MediConnect inclusion is going to add to the overall corporate organic growth rate. So happy with that, and I also want to just kind of remind you, when we keep talking about the power of the comprehensive solutions in what we're referring to as RQI, although not direct and explicit, the combined power of the MediConnect acquisition with what was a revenue integrity business, has helped us, on the Revenue Integrity, win business. So it's almost starting to contribute before it's calculated in. I think we feel very good about the opportunities in MediConnect, and the opportunities for RQI overall. And as I said, from a high-level corporate perspective, it should definitely add to the full corporate growth.
Mark V. Anquillare: So let me answer the question like we have in the past. I think we think of the business as a whole. So let's use health care broadly. It is kind of a 40-60 split, with 40 being the first half, 60 being in the second half of the year and that, kind of including all 3 of those categories with health care. I think, so I guess what I'm trying to focus in on your MediConnect question, just one more time, Andrew, you're talking about growth quarter-to-quarter or are you trying to do year-on-year back in...
Mark V. Anquillare: The pension change took place last year on March 1. There was very little benefit in first quarter relative to the first quarter of '12 resulting from the pension. This is just more rampant scale inside the business.
Mark V. Anquillare: So let me start with that. A couple of things to note. One, I think the factors that contribute to it, yes, investment, clearly, was a part of the 1Q, the margin in DA. The other thing that's important to note is that we talk about the product mix shift. So as you think about products mix, you have health care growing quickly. The margins there, because it's a less mature business, don't have quite the same current margins as some of those insurance products. So that draws down or kind of hurts the margins, too, a little bit. I also want to remind you about the seasonality, to the conversation we had earlier, there's a level of fixed cost inside of all of our health care business. And to the extent that you think about revenue kind of being 40% in the first half of the year and 60% in the second half of the year, that helps for and bolsters some of the margins for health care as you think about 2 -- this 2 half as opposed to the first half. I think all of those are kind of a part of the mix for DA.
