Frank Coyne: Thank you, Eva, and good morning. In the fourth quarter 2011, we delivered strong performance of almost 20% revenue growth and over 25% diluted adjusted EPS growth. Our performance for the fiscal year was also strong with 17% revenue growth and 25% diluted adjusted EPS growth. These results are evidence of our discipline in execution. We are pleased that the market has recognized this through the strong performance of our stock price in 2011. We performed well in many of our businesses and our recent acquisitions also contributed. Risk assessments grew 3.9% for the quarter and the full-year, as our continued value to customers is reflected in our revenue growth. We also saw improvement in property specific revenue growth in the quarter. In the quarter Decision Analytics revenue grew almost 35% and our insurance solutions in Decision Analytics grew almost 15% organically. For the full-year Decision Analytics grew almost 30% with similar growth from our insurance solution. Our healthcare solutions revenue grew almost about 37% organically in the quarter as we continued on the double-digit growth trajectory we started to see in the third quarter. Overall, our organic revenue growth was 7.6% in the quarter and for the full-year. Decision Analytics organic growth in Q4 was 11%, driven by both strong growth from insurance-facing solutions as well as the accelerated growth in healthcare. The mortgage market remained challenging with the macroeconomic conditions continuing to work against us. We continue to have conviction around our margin and overall profitability. We are pleased to deliver 25% growth in diluted adjusted EPS for 2011 and over 16% growth in EBITDA, while expanding margins to over 46% excluding the recent acquisitions. As always, we remained focused on delivering shareholder returns. We remained determined to find attractive M&A opportunities to take advantage of our substantial balance sheet flexibility. We bought $41 million of shares in the quarter, a lower amount than in previous quarters as we managed our buyback as part of our broader capital allocation plan including acquisitions. We remained interested in using our capital as appropriate for buybacks is evidenced by our $300 million new authorization announced in January 2012. As I look forward to 2012, I see a consistency in our business plan, but also new opportunities on the horizon. I have confidence, we can continue to execute on that plan and realize attractive growth from the insurance base. We have set our healthcare business on a positive path to continue to grow and expand its footprint. I also think 2012 will bring more opportunity in our supply chain business as we work to leave our solutions in analytics together and also continued to pursue acquisitions in the space. Mortgage is likely to remain a soft spot for 2012, but we are also ensuring that we use our skill sets in ways that meet the evolving needs of the mortgage market as well as across the broader financial services sector. Now I’ll turn it over to Scott to talk about the progress we are making in a number of our business areas.
Frank Coyne: Well, we don’t have a specific number expectation. All the signals and information indicate that the soft market has bottomed out and we’re going to have a gradual increase in premiums going forward.
Frank Coyne: It is often the case when we do these acquisitions that we see opportunities to invest in these companies once we own them for them to realize their full potential. So it could take a while depending on the particular acquisitions to start achieving the scale that we see in the acquisition when we buy it.
Frank Coyne: Well, one of the opportunities it presents is that, our 360 value tool, you the concern is getting insurance to value and which is totally different than market value.
Frank Coyne: So, the use of our 360 value tool is very important and useful to these companies as they’re trying to distinguish between those two issues and make sure that they’re getting the proper, what’s called coverage A amount. So we think it just opens up an opportunity for us to, well further penetrating in that area.
Frank Coyne: Yeah, not quiet on our activity and evaluation of opportunities and it’s -- it’s an ongoing process.
Frank Coyne: Yeah, Michael, as we observed in some of our remarks, we’re and have been working to maximize the capabilities we’ve within mortgage, not just for our mortgage customers, but for a broader sect section of the financial services industry. So we think we’ve got valuable assets there that have potential.
Frank Coyne: Yeah, that’s a good question. And you started out in the right place also. Supply chain is just born as a global business, and even today, a fair fraction of what we do in the environmental health and safety space inside of the supply chain is non-domestic. And we do have focus on that. We’ve made some changes in terms of our go-to-market strategy in Europe and Asia in that part of our business. So, yes, that is a focal point. Its hard work, but we’re up for it. There are two other parts of our business that I’d point to, one is the catastrophe modeling discipline is also by its very nature global. One big customer said, is the global reinsurers, they’re thinking about apparels anywhere that there are assets that have risk, and in fact one of the things that we’re looking to do is to leverage some of the business development resources that have sort of growing up inside of our catastrophe business, but perhaps can represent other parts of our product mix. And then thirdly, while sort of the idiosyncratic nature of markets means that some of what we do doesn’t travel all that well across national boundaries. It’s more of a case that the claim is a claim and so, some of our businesses which are claims-oriented, I think for example, the [estimatics] business, we actually have plans of the flag over in Europe and we’re looking for opportunities to spread that out. So, we’ve a lot of attention on it. I think that the amount of energy that we’re going to put into it is probably going to exceed the rate at which it shows up in the P&L for some time because it’s just that -- it’s a long development sort of an activity, but we’re purposeful about the overseas markets.
Frank Coyne: All right. Well, thank you very much. I want to thank everyone for joining us today for our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011 results. We appreciate your support and we look forward to seeing you at our Investor Day Conference or visiting with you again next quarter. Thank you and have a good day.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you, Frank. I talked about innovation and it remains a key focus of our execution plan. Innovation means a lot of things to a lot of people, but to us it is about both staying ahead of the market as well as meeting your customers where they want you to be. We continue to invest in new products and we’re committed to this as a constant insight of our plan. While our margins continue to expand and we must also ensure that margin expansion does not come at the expense of future growth. One great example is the investment we’re making in our unified healthcare technology platform which will be a 2012 and into 2013 project and we will provide simplified workflow for our customers. We’re leveraging the platform we acquired in the Bloodhound acquisition and are consolidating our fraud and abuse analytics and creating a data submission standard that will power both the front-end underwriting and back-end fraud solutions, thereby improving our customers ease of use and facilitating our ability to cross-sell. We're working to move closer to clinical data; it will be very useful inside of our overall analytic approach. Another example of investment is our next generation platform and the expanded parallels for our catastrophe models which will help our customers use our tools in broader ways than in the past including in making underwriting decisions. We're investing over $10 million between these two projects, both of these projects are a result of us seeing our customers needs and pinpoints and working to make our solutions not just the best analytical tools, but also the ones that are easiest to use. Another focal point for us is integration, which is quite important as we grow. The unified healthcare platform I discussed is an example of how we're quickly moving to bring our recently acquired HRP and Bloodhound assets together with the rest of Verisk health. And the creation of our underwriting solutions group also shows our ability to successfully pull together relevant parts of our organization. The underwriting team has brought together a number of our underwriting tools with a particular emphasis at this point on personal lines to provide a more holistic view of our customers underwriting process and create efficiencies. The formation of this group which was announced in January will not change any of the financial reporting structures you see, but our team will be rewarded for their success. We expect that continuing to evolve our business organization as needed, will further align our customer success with our own. For those of you who are going to attend or listen to our Investor Day on March 8, you will hear more about these projects and initiatives as well as hearing directly from our business unit leaders whose passion and creativity and discipline are what will drive our company forward. These are the people who are looking to expand and re-imagine our position in the market to enlarge our growth opportunity and I hope you have the opportunity to spend time with them. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Mark, to talk about our corporate financial results.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah, there is a lot of different things that contribute, some of the things that would sort of rise to the top would be we have had a lot of success in selling new business and I suppose the acquisition of new customers as well as the penetration of newer parts of our portfolio into existing customers. So the cross-sell themes that we talk about a lot is that work in the healthcare business as well as in insurance. And then in addition to that we have actually streamlined some of our processes which have permitted us to actually accelerate the rate at which we implement. Some of what we do in healthcare is transactionally priced. And so getting the implementations ramping faster is – has benefited the revenue. There is no reason why our process will change, so I think that the efficiency of our implementations will stay high and we still think we have a very large cross-sell opportunity in front of us in healthcare.
Scott Stephenson: Well, we continue to do the things that basically have gotten our margins to the point that they are at right now. So the first thing is just to run the business with a great deal of discipline. I’d say on top of that a very powerful and a very long-term trend inside of our business is just the -- the way in which cost related to computing storage and network are always moving in the right direction. And so we are always looking for opportunities to change our internal environment as it relates to automation and we are going to continue to do that. So it’s – I don’t think there are new themes there. We are just going to continue to press them into our business.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah that’s – on top of that, there’s two themes with respect to integration. The near-term one is the less powerful one as it relates to near-term margins, but there is an effect there and that is, we consolidated account management functions and selling across the different parts of Verisk Health, so we do get a little bit of efficiency there. Much more importantly, we’re more coherent in front of the customers, and that’s the primary reason we did it. The longer-term drive to efficiency post-acquisition has to do with the creation of this unified platform that I mentioned earlier which will allow us to essentially have one definition of data regardless of which of our solution sets we’re talking about, and so the creation of our data assets, the warehousing of the data, and the use of the data inside of the analytic engines, all of that will respond positively and become more efficient as we get that put in place. And I think I mentioned earlier that, the creation of the unified platform is a 2012-2013 initiative.
Scott Stephenson: Right. I mean, rate of customer adoption is something that we live and die with every day and our customers are sophisticated and they go through long evaluations of our solutions, but – sort of the context here is that, if we were to fully penetrate our – and we’ll talk about this more in Investor Day. We were to fully penetrate our existing customer base with all of the solutions that we got in the healthcare universe, is that represents multiples of our current run rate revenue. So it’s really on us to present our solutions and help the customers, find a value and then be efficient in getting them implemented. But in general, we’re still essentially in the same position we were later half of 2011, in terms of the amount of opportunity we’ve got relative to the book of business we currently got.
Scott Stephenson: Well, our first priority is to take the fine assets that we’ve got and try to make some as market-ready and valuable to our customers as we possibly can. And that’s the focal point.
Scott Stephenson: It’s not as sensitive. The general climate of the industry certainly sort of conditions customers to – and their willingness to make investments in new solutions, but if there is not the same direct link as that there is end of the pricing mechanism, that’s a part of risk assessment.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah, kind of steady as it goes, I mean basically inline with the growth that we see in the business. I mean we’re pursuing the same business model, which is a highly leveraged approach where we’re creating industry standard solutions and selling them hopefully many, many times. So, we’re extremely alert to how much we’re adding to our team and the places where there will be growth -- will essentially be inline with where the growth in the revenue is going to occur. But I mean there is nothing fundamentally changing inside of our business model.
Scott Stephenson: I’ll just add that in the external environment there is nothing that’s moving around that would cause us to think differently about our business or our opportunity.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah, again a very fine question. So just a couple of things one is, each of the solutions needs to be excellent on its own and we give that a lot of attention. And the performance and the results that you’re seeing are primarily a product of each of the solution sets being on their own highly valuable and very competitive against other offerings. But that said, yes, we do get advantage as we penetrate more broadly. I mentioned before a unified account management approach which definitely is meaningful in front of the largest accounts. And then again I’d point back to the unified platform which we really do believe will make us unique in the sense that the vision is once you are using one of our products since the underlying data infrastructure is common across all the solutions, it’s relatively easy for a customer to then turn on the next solution. And we do believe that that capability will make us unique. So it’s a great question and so in the near-term, yes, the whole is greater than some of the parts, I think particularly as it relates to facing off with the customers and in the long-term we can stream together more of the intellectual property assets to be flexible and more inventive.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah, it doesn’t change our method for assessing acquisitions one bit. We are using exactly the same methodologies that we’ve used in the past. And what – and actually what we start with and we’ve mentioned in the past that we really are very disciplined on the acquisition side. The stream of opportunities that we assess versus the ones that we ultimately execute against is – the first is much larger than the second and that’s always been the case. In the current environment I’d say that probably marginally sellers are a little more inclined to perhaps going to processes. But it’s not really very different than it has been over the last several years, and in any of that we are not -- we are not referencing the macro environment when we are thinking about what it is that we are looking to do which is to derive from our strategy or what we are willing to pay which is really related to our evaluation methodologies. None of the -- none of the assumptions, none of the parameters inside of our models have changed, and I don’t believe they will.Kevin McVeigh – Macquarie Research Equities: That’s helpful. And then is there a way to quantify what the impact of the acquisitions on an overall margin basis will be in 2012? As we think --.
Mark Anquillare: Well, I don’t think we typically provided that level of detail. But I think what we -- we have always said that we want to try to put in place some type of inflationary type of increases. We think that’s reflective of the value that we add. And in the center premiums which are a component of that invoice start to harden up, which remember our 2012 invoices are really reflective of 2010 premiums is still a difficult time for our customers that will add and certainly provide a little bit of a tailwind in the future, but that will be more into 2013 than ’12.
Mark Anquillare: Well, first of all -- I think we try to highlight that. We did go to a larger authorization in January that does not change our approach in anyway. We remain committed to investing our business first and foremost, that is with other -- in total investment which typically takes the form of expense inside our P&L. But acquisition would -- will be at top of that list. We have committed to buying back shares to limit dilution, and to the extent that we have the ability to buy more, it’s probably because we are trying to for the most part balance between acquisition and buybacks. Our continued commitment is to make sure we deploy that in a disciplined way. And I think we’ve been successful in trying to make sure we think about it in the right economic way before we deploy capital.
Mark Anquillare: Let me start with that. I think the first answer to your question is we are thinking about the long-term. So we are going to make the right investment if we think we are going to be able to generate cash for our shareholders and grow the business in long-term. That’s our foremost. So, managing margin is not something we think about day to day. We think about trying to find the right investment and deploying capital the most effective way possible. So that’s a broad perspective. More specifically we do think there is natural operating leverage inside the business, we would imagine that should scale and remain – continue to scale offset by some investment. The other thing is a little bit of product mix shift. Obviously, the risk assessment business and some of the insurance-facing solutions have some nice margins as healthcare grows there’s a product shift there or about product mix shift there. We have good margins in healthcare, not as high as some of the healthcare – some of the insurance-facing, and then clearly offsetting some of the margin expectations in the future is, what's going to happen with mortgage and those are a couple of the variables that we think about as we continue to hope to drive growth and cash flow into the future.
Mark Anquillare: Let me just give a little bit of a clarification, and I agree to your point, the first is that, from an operating cash flow perspective we delivered about 12% or less than 12% from an operating cash flow. Remember the pension works against us. We've been funding the pension, and that increase probably hurt us and in fact that out would be a little less than 14%. So going forward, I don’t think we've anything that would preclude us from thinking differently about kind of that operating cash flow. I think what has happened, we gave you some guidance as to what we think CapEx would be in 2012, which was $75 million that in our K. Other point I want to make, as you think about all this, we’ve talked about funding some of the or I guess accelerate funding, some of the liabilities inside the pension to the extent that we did that, it would be kind of a one time hit to operating cash flow the way it works, but then that would be behind us. We think it’s a thoughtful and good investment. So that is the one exception there or one item I want to just call out for 2012.
Mark Anquillare: Well, I think what we have seen is in 2011 we did do some periodic upgrades to our computing platform both here and in Salt Lake City area. So those are two items I’d guess primarily because of the volume and the growth and exact where that’s probably ongoing, the Jersey City was periodic which is kind of a one-time. Other point I'll make is, Scott, talked about the unified platform and some of the things we’re doing to kind of bring these things together, and to bring those things together it does cost us some money. So I think 2011 was for the most part, a little higher than the norm, and $75 million I think is kind of more inline with, just kind of moderate growth. So I hope that’s clear enough, but I’m just not going to comment on this.
Mark Anquillare: Let me open it, and maybe, I’ll let Scott flip. Let’s focus separate from the acquisition, just focus on the organic growth. I think …Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc: Right, that’s what I’m referring to in particular.
Mark Anquillare: .. we’ve been talking about the fact that we were signing contracts and that was about implementation. We saw 25% organic growth in 2Q. We saw 30% organic growth in 4Q. So it has been the implementation and sales that had been realized. Now I would not keep that curve growing like you would, but I think it is sustainable and its good news. This is just kind of an opening.
Mark Anquillare: So, let me take that for you, so two things. First of all, our investments primarily kind of focused on Decision Analytics is in people. Some times it kind of gets into hardware and software for the most its people. A majority of that people cost is expensed inside of our P&L. So, there is a piece of that that you’re already seeing in the margins, and as we continue to ramp that investment, yeah, that will kind of have an offset. The other part of that is in CapEx, okay? So as you think about CapEx, you’re seeing that number go up, that’s capitalized in terms of software. So I think in most of our businesses, you’re going to see kind of a consistency to the margins offset by what is happening in mortgage and probably some margin erosion there.Andrew Jeffrey – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Mark Anquillare: I think we feel that we’re going to continue to drive strong margins. I think we feel that we’re going to continue to drive earnings as we’ve faster than top-line growth and all of that factors into how much investment and what kind of acquisition happens. So, our people feel comfortable at where we’re. I feel we’ve demonstrated somewhat nice operating leverage and margin improvement over time. And I think we’re on path to continue to execute.
Mark Anquillare: Well, as I say, we don’t typically give a lot of specificity. I think we feel good with our business. I think -- we think we’re feeling good about the margin we’ve seen -- the organic growth that we delivered over the course of the 2011, I think there is some strength there offset by some unknowns with regard to mortgage. And that’s the one thing that probably is a little bit more difficult to predict.
Mark Anquillare: Suzy, this is Mark. The budgetary delays I think have been generally worked out. It was kind of more of a – towards the end of second quarter into third and a little bit into October. So I think we’ve worked through those now.
Mark Anquillare: Kelly, let me first just make sure, I remind everybody of the timing. I think what we started to see towards the end of 2010, but really in 2011, that’s were some hardening of the market happens. So some prices started to increase and hopefully the premium had an increase in ’11. Those ’11 changes won’t affect us until 2013. It’s basically a bit of a two-year lag. So in 2010, industry premium was still negative, better than, but still negative. So I think what we’ve always tried to do is, is try to keep things more moderated with regard to increases because we’re sensitive to customer needs and we also want to make sure that we’re first and foremost, they thinking about us for buying other products. So ’10 was not a great year from an industry standard and from a premium perspective in the industry. It will be really ’11 which will have kind of future benefits for us.
Mark Anquillare: Kelly, I’d love to answer your question, but I mean we really do try to think more a long-term than we do next quarter. So, I think we feel good about where our business is, I think we feel that we have the right type of momentum and its not I’m not answering, but I hope you respect that our view and our vantage point is what’s really create the value long-term and that’s we preferred to follow.
Mark Anquillare: I don’t think you will see comparing ’12 to ’11 I don’t think there is any adjustments that need to be made. I think we just simply roll forward and we are normalized on a go-forward basis. That may answer your question properly.Kevin McVeigh – Macquarie Research Equities: Yes, thank you.
Mark Anquillare: Well, not substantially. But we did experience like we expected growth there, so which was reasonably strong growth, nothing outrageous. And I think then take about 70% of that and allocated towards the latter half of the year.
