Scott G. Stephenson: Thanks, David, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter, we delivered solid overall results with total revenue growth of about 16%, adjusted EBITDA growth of about 12% and an increase in diluted adjusted EPS of 1.4% including the impact of the shares we issued last year for the Wood Mac transaction. Year to date free cash flow is up 21%. Organic revenue growth was 5.4% as we continue to grow faster than our underlying end markets. We've spoken of higher longer term organic growth, and the underlying trends remain encouraging. Profitability remains strong with total EBITDA margins over 49%. We're focused on leveraging our Verisk distinctives which are, one, unique data assets; two, deep domain expertise; three, first-to-market innovations; and four, deep integration into customer workflows and our core capabilities to add value for our customers and in turn for our shareholders. We're also seeing traction in new solutions that are being developed and continue to be optimistic about their long-term potential to contribute to customers and ultimately our financial performance. As we announced in June, I'm excited to have expanded the roles of several members of our senior leadership team. Mark Anquillare, who had been our CFO since before our 2009 IPO, is now Verisk's Chief Operating Officer with responsibility for our insurance businesses and our technology and customer experience organizations. Eva Huston is now our Chief Financial Officer responsible for financial strategy, including accounting, tax, treasury and investor relations. I'm also pleased to have appointed Nana Banerjee and Steve Halliday as group presidents. Nana leads Argus, Geomni and Verisk Retail. Steve leads Wood Mackenzie, 3E Company and Verisk Maplecroft. The strength of our platform and the clarity of our vision, combined with greater scope of responsibility for these four proven professionals, will support our growth agenda and global push into the near and long term. These are all natural evolutions from their previous roles and will help us continue to deliver value to our customers, employees and shareholders. During the quarter, we closed the sale of the healthcare business and used the proceeds to pay down our revolver, giving us plenty of capacity to support our long stated capital allocation strategy for a balanced approach over time to acquisitions and repurchases. We had $353 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization as of June 30, 2016. We remain active in evaluating possible acquisitions, in particular as we make buy versus build decisions in pursuit of our international expansion. We also see M&A as a channel for expanding our solution footprint. And subsequent to the end of the quarter, you saw that we purchased Greentech Media, an industry leading information services provider for next-generation electricity and renewable sectors. Greentech Media joins Wood Mac, enhancing our research and other capabilities for subsectors, including solar generation, energy storage and smart grids that react dynamically to changes in supply and demand. These are very exciting areas in the energy and power markets and an excellent complement to our outstanding oil and gas franchise. I remain encouraged by the opportunities we see for growth both near and long term. We're excited about a number of early stage efforts where we are developing new and innovative solutions for our customers and where we are expanding existing solutions around the world. Near term, we continue to expect acceleration of our combined insurance businesses and double digit growth at Argus. Wood Mac is performing in line with the expectations we discussed with you last quarter. So, with that, let me turn it over to Mark for some additional comments.
Scott G. Stephenson: No. No. The retention rates on the subscription based part of the business remain very strong. And actually, the services side of the business actually had some very nice wins in the last couple of months. So no, we don't anticipate any changes.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah so, the sort of the selling of Wood Mac really you can think of it as being in two different buckets. So one of those is to cross-sell and up-sell inside of our existing customer set which is order of magnitude 1,000 customers. And we give a lot of attention to whether we're right-sized there. Obviously, we're trying to pick our spots at the moment because of just the overall environment. But that is a team that is strong and getting stronger. We actually have new leadership of the sales team there and very excited about Lynda's leadership for us. And then secondly, there is how do we go from 1,000 to say 5,000 or more kinds of customers. And that in part hinges upon opening up new channels for distributing our content. And we have one new such relationship in place and are working hard to get others in place. So, I think that it's a good feeling into the future and kind of there are some early shoots with respect to these new channels.
Scott G. Stephenson: Well, we're sticking by what we said before which is our view of 2016 overall is essentially flat relative to 2015 and there are puts and takes with respect to the different lines of business that Wood Mac does. And then of course, there's always the X factor of just the macro environment overall. And so we're pretty comfortable with where we're at. But I would like to say as I said also last quarter, I think the performance of our Wood Mac colleagues is absolutely outstanding in light of something which is tsunami-like inside of their end market. I mean, I think the quality of what Wood Mac does and the depth of relationship with customers is actually demonstrated so strongly in this moment actually. So we expect a normalized environment. We want our customers to feel less pressured than they do today, and when they do, I'm absolutely certainly that it will be reflected in our performance.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So, one of our favorite topics. So we have at the moment basically two different ways that we give ourselves access to images today. One is our own efforts to source images and the other is working with third parties who have been sourcing images for their own purposes. That mix I would say is working, and has helped us to take all of the great image analytics technology that we've got and basically make that more active, particularly in the insurance vertical today. That's really where it's happening today. And we continue to ask questions about how we can be more in control of a larger set of images that are optimized for the use cases that we have in mind and we're working actively on that right now. So the report, Jeff, would be that commercially we're succeeding with what we're doing in the imaging space and we continue to think deeply about additional things that would help us to be more in control of a larger set of images.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. Yeah. So, let me just step through to that real quick. So, part of what we've done on the M&A front has been what I would consider to be small and tuck-in and really about trying to give ourselves additional distinctive data assets. That for example was the Infield acquisition. So that's sort of point one. The second point I would make is that we're very excited about Greentech Media because of the depth of expertise there with respect to solar and smart grids and grid edge technologies and storage technologies. And what we're finding is that our existing hydrocarbon-based customers are increasingly interested in the alternatives. And so, not only is it in a sense new business for us, the degree to which we're now looking specifically at the dynamics of what's going on in solar generation, specifically in terms of what's going on with respect to grid edge effects, not only is it new business, but it also actually makes us a more compelling partner for our existing customers in the hydrocarbon ecosystem. So, we are really excited about it. We think that it's really going to be helpful. And then I think overall, you were just kind of looking for what's the forward profile. Well, I'd make a couple comments. One is, there have been some very large trades in the oil and gas space. And we didn't participate as you saw. And we continue to ask questions about what strategically would advantage this business the most. But we're certainly not enamored of the thought of large deals. And a lot of it is, we're going to make the business that we have run well. I think that again, kind of around the edges, we will try to support that which we already do. And there will be opportunities that are kind of thematic in the way that say Greentech is thematic.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. I mean all good, all good topics. So, maybe back to the top. If you look at our company over extended periods of time, the program of acquisition and the share repurchase program have both done very well for our shareholders, both have done very well. And there's really nothing in our situation that would cause us to think that anything fundamentally is going to be different in the future than in the past. You actually pointed out one of the features of our company, which is that the cash flow visibility is, if anything, even greater than it was. So we would continue to see both of those as real pillars inside of the way that we do what we do. And so at any given moment, this moment for example, we're always taking stock of where we stand in the M&A pipeline and how imminent we think good opportunities are. And we remain very interested in deploying capital in terms of returning it to shareholders when we feel that sort of that which is right at the head of the pipeline and the size is such that we still have capacity. And I would say that we do have, we have capacity as we sit here. So we're very alert to the application of capital and we'll remain so and that's a statement for the third quarter and the fourth quarter and really forever. I actually thought your second question, David, was going to be different, more about sort of a higher leverage target rather than a dividend. We're very interested in returning capital to shareholders I guess that's the way that I would put it. Our analysis to date has not indicated that there's anything fundamentally superior about doing it in the form of a dividend versus the buyback program that we've had. So, that's kind of where we sit with that thought at the moment. By the way, even David and I and Mark and all of us that are out there talking to investors, we actually ask that question all the time, how do you feel about it. And so we remain open to the conversation, but I would say that we haven't drawn the conclusion that a dividend is a superior way of expressing our commitment to returning capital to shareholders.
Scott G. Stephenson: We've actually observed on this before, but just a little sort of data analytic observation is that when you start out with a new solution, both customers and the vendors often want it to be transaction priced, because nobody really knows the absolute level of demand. There really do come these moments where the customers are open to, and maybe even wanting to move to a subscription, because they want more certainty and visibility in terms of the future. So, it's a kind of a natural sort of a development for newer kinds of solutions. And Eva was describing that with respect to some of which goes on on the EH&S side. Same thing on the country and political risk side, we're doing the same thing.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, and I'll just add that there are some sparkling new names on the customer list even this quarter. I mean, this business is doing a wonderful job of reaching out to new customer sets.
Scott G. Stephenson: And that's not the dominant theme in terms of what's going on. The growth in financial services is very broadly based. It's new geographies. It's the traditional subscription revenues. It's analytic product. It's the whole mix.
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, just wanted to say thank you all very much for your interest today and all the good questions. And I know we'll be seeing some of you in the relatively near future and look forward to that. And otherwise, we'll speak with you next quarter. Thanks a lot.
Mark V. Anquillare: Thank you, Scott. Across our businesses which serve the property and casualty insurance industry, we have seen several key industry themes including vertical big data, industry automation and digital engagement. With these themes in mind, I will briefly describe a number of positive recent developments in our businesses. Reflecting on all three themes, Verisk Insurance Solutions launched a new integration option for 360Value, our web based replacement cost estimator for homeowner's insurance. 360Value is built on our unique and industry standard construction materials and labor cost data. This solution helps our customers estimate coverage limits for residential, commercial and agricultural properties. Our customers can now integrate 360Value directly into their online homeowners quoting platforms. This helps the industry deploy more engaging solutions which include pre-filling and online insurance application with property-specific information when a homeowner enters an address. Another recent launch is Mozart, a new product development platform increasing engagement in automation which helps our clients to easily research, create and distribute coverage language, providing efficiencies in time-to-market from new products and critical coverage updates. Mozart will help our customers accelerate profitable growth, reduce expense ratios and enhance audit and compliance. Leveraging big data methods, cutting edge technology and pioneering automation, AIR released a hosted cloud solution for its catastrophe risk management platforms, Touchstone and CATRADER. More than a dozen companies are already up and running on the AIR cloud, which enables them to conduct all of their analyses remotely while minimizing capital expenditures. Finally, in addition to the new deployment option, AIR recently expanded its coverage model of Southeast Asia. These models combine 10 years of extensive scientific research by AIR scientists with findings from studies of local building codes, damage surveys, lost experience data and structural engineering research. With that, let me turn it over to Eva to cover our financial results in more detail.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, just to kind of follow up on the question you had from a DA perspective, that growth would be with and without the true-up adjustment. Just to kind of reiterate Scott said, I mean we're feeling pretty good and confident because of what I refer to as contracts that are signed and waiting for implementation, so those do kick in in the second half.
Mark V. Anquillare: So, the short answer is I think these will become more meaningful as we think about 2017 and beyond. But as I highlighted, we have some AIR customers that are on the cloud and moving quickly. So it does help 2016 back half, but I would think these are a little bit more longer term in the way I think and outline the business for the future.
Mark V. Anquillare: Once again I'll just, I'll echo Scott. I mean it's broad-based. I think we feel good about most areas of the business with regard to growth in the second half relative to the first. And there's a couple areas where we actually are having customers transition to our solutions. And that just sometimes takes a little more time than you anticipate, whether it's volumes coming through or the volumes you expect coming through. Although you have signed contracts that you know there's a commitment over time, we want to go as fast as we can, and we have to work with our customers to do that.
Mark V. Anquillare: Sure. So let me just quickly highlight the fact that we continue to improve the suite of Xactware solutions. Our vision and our focus for this year and next is to bring out what I'll refer to as a more integrated solution which brings together Xactimate that's used in probably about 85% of the property repair cost estimates across the United States in combination with XactAnalysis which is the BI tool and everything around it so that you can work and use your back office in an efficient way. In addition, Contents, which represents all of the information about pricing and materials inside the home to replace the TV, couches, rugs and things. So our focus, make it more integrated, easier to use, more focus on the claim as opposed to the assignment, which was doing the work but more on the claim. All of that has been kind of a focus from a customer perspective and our perspective to achieve those things. Very much in our forward vision is to take that solution, that more simplified solution and bring it to the global insurance market, customizing it in a way that it is fit for use in that market and we've put a lot of time and resource and are making progress there. The final component to this is we are seeing a lot of activity in the US market where people are interested in trying to make access to the quote engine, going online and getting a quote for auto and home, more and more interactive with the customer. And our ability to help our customers do that through the enhancement here at 360Value, lets you as a homeowner go online to make sure you have the proper coverage for your home. That's valuable, that's helpful and it's easy. You have the policyholder, or the person who's getting the quote do it himself and that's the type of innovation we want to work with and help our customers with their customers. Last piece as we think about this bringing it together, we are finding increased interest in basically the whole property suite of solutions as we go overseas. So we kind of led in with the claims side of things, but clearly people are looking for information about large commercial buildings. So, replicating some of the things we do here in the United States, using both remote sensing and aerial images, providing with insights into risk about a building and help him understand what the insurance to value is, meaning what's the replacement cost if there was a total loss. And all of those themes, I think we are trying to be more comprehensive, more seamless, both internationally and that will obviously revert back with our US customers as well. So I probably said a lot, but I want to make sure I responded to some of the questions then.
Eva F. Huston: Great. Hey, Tim. It's Eva. Thanks for the question. Maybe just starting at a high level, cat bonds and consulting are less than 5% of overall Decision Analytics insurance revenue. Obviously for AIR, those would be a greater percentage. But if you were to peel back the onion and look at AIR's performance, the underlying subscription business is performing very well. We're very happy with our position in the market. And with regards to cat bonds, we continue to win and we have strong market share. There's just some variability that can happen across periods in some of those revenues that are non-subscription.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah so, Sara, just to take on your specific questions around margin, I mean I think Scott's elaborated on the talent realignment, and there is impact there as well. Don't lose sight of our usual annual merit increases that go in in the second quarter, a common occurrence and does have impact on margin in 2Q. I think if you look back historically, you would see that as well. With regards to Decision Analytics, one, I would just point out that the non-subs revenue that we've been talking about a bit, actually unlike some of the historical transactional revenue that we used to have in businesses we no longer own, that's actually pretty high margin business. And so when we don't have that come through, that can have some impact on the margin in the moment. I would also point out to you, I mentioned in my comments FX, and FX can have some impact on margin as well. Revenue and expense, we try to have those mostly aligned, but they're not always perfectly aligned.
Eva F. Huston: Bill, I would say that our leverage target steady-state remains 2.5 times. But remember how we've always operated, is we have flexibility to go above that. We did with. We said we'd delever. I think that we have a leverage point that our business can very easily support. I think that we always just look at the opportunities and figure out where we need to settle that. But I think the good news for us is we've got capacity under even at steady-state and the flexibility to go up as warranted if there's a deal that makes sense for us.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah so, Bill, maybe I'll take the second part first, then I'll let Mark talk a little bit about some of the specific products in insurance and solutions. If you were to think about Decision Analytics overall, the mix between subscription and non-subscription, it's about 77% subscription. I would say insurance in Decision Analytics looks fairly similar to the rest of Decision Analytics now, now that we don't have that highly transactional business in healthcare in there anymore. There's more uniformity across that. So, I think that we love where we sit. We've always thought it was natural to have someone out of non-subscription revenue, and I think in Decision Analytics, we have a bit more of that, and that includes things we do that provide us opportunities to work closely with customers and develop those new solutions. I'll let Mark comment a bit on Xactware and some of the other solutions.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah, Toni, I'll kick off on that and Scott may want to add some comments. I think if you take Wood Mac, PCI and Infield out of specialized because those are all inorganic in the quarter, you primarily have our environmental health and safety solutions and some of our weather solutions. We referenced in the press release and on the call, when you think about EH&S, there were some global standards that went into place in 2015 which gave us the opportunity to serve our customers in making those transitions. Those transitions are complete and so you'll kind of see a normalization of that type of work this year which is leading to the organic result of a decline there. I would say that that's probably the primary impact. And if you were to think about it, I think the headline growth decline as a percentage is larger than the actual dollar impact on Verisk. The other thing we mentioned is with regards to that area, we are transitioning into more subscription based revenues. And I think that's really great both for us and for our customers. So in a moment in time, if you're going from more transactional to more subscription, the great thing about subscription is it's recognized over time but in the moment, transaction is not there and subscription is only the portion of what you're going to recognize, you're going to see a little impact.
Eva F. Huston: Toni, I would just start by saying as a reminder, when we talk about double digits, we're actually including the grow over impact of that one-time media effectiveness revenue we had in 2015 in the first quarter. So I actually think the target we set is pretty ambitious. If you consider that we're not taking that out in that analysis. I would say that like many of our businesses, I think there's opportunity for us to add incremental revenue through project revenue. And certainly, that's something that you can move, that could move a growth rate in a short term. But I think fundamentally, when we talk about the double digit growth rate, again given the comparable that we have for last year, we think that that is very strong.
Eva F. Huston: Sure, absolutely. I mean obviously Wood Mac has the most of the pound-based revenue which is the rate we're referencing, although we do have other currencies in there as well. I would say that we have international revenue in our financial services, as I mentioned. We have some of that in EH&S. I mean we have a little bit now in insurance as well. And so most of it would be in Wood Mac, but I think it is actually scattered across the company. And as we go forward, I think one of the things that's been on my mind is, I think we will continue to try to provide you more visibility into that, because my sense is that to date, your inclusion of that impact in our forward-looking expectations that you develop has been a little more soft as opposed to direct. And so we'll try to help you with that.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah, well maybe just starting with long term because as we think about long term, that's over multiple years. I don't know when you're saying that and you're referencing the quarter, it almost sounds to me like you're referring more to a shorter long term than we would. But what I would say is I think we continue to be constructive on margins over the long term. Our business is that build it once, sell it many times. As I did observe in the quarter in particular, when you have some high margin non-subscription business like cat bonds and you have lots of that, that will have a moment-in-time impact on the margin in the quarter. But that being said, I think over the long term, nothing has changed in our outlook for what we can do there and the opportunity to expand margins over time.
Eva F. Huston: Yeah so, just on the first question, a clarification. When you're talking about transition to subscription revenue, that was referencing ex-Wood Mac in energy and specialized, so that was really more around our EH&S solutions.
Eva F. Huston: Country and political. So, that was not a Wood Mac related comment. With regards to project revenue in financial services, I mean we always have some. I would say there was nothing in particular that we would call out in the quarter.
