Lee Shavel: In summary, we're excited about the opportunity ahead and our ability to focus all our attention, talent and resources on the global insurance industry. Verisk is best positioned to capitalize on the opportunity because of our scale, centrality and expertise. Our motivating purpose is to work together with our clients in building resilience for individuals, communities and businesses globally. The combination of our focused business model, unique market position and strategy to deliver value for clients through improved decision-making and operational efficiency is the formula that will also deliver value to our shareholders through predictable growth and returns. We continue to appreciate the support and interest in Verisk. [Operator Instructions] With that, I'll ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Lee Shavel: And Faiza, if I would add, I think the other dimension that you were looking for is what might not be sustained given that strong growth in the first quarter. And so there are a couple of things that I would point to. One is that we -- in subscription growth, we have some property estimating solution subscriptions that come on associated with the storms in the fourth quarter. And sometimes those persist. It's hard to predict how long that those will persist. So that's a factor. In addition, as we indicated, the Florida situation and potential further insolvencies would impact that. And then as Elizabeth described, part of the conversion of the -- in the anti-fraud to our claims essentials package, it generates some growth in 2022 and in the early part of 2023. I think we will lap some of that exceptional growth, and that will probably serve as a bit of an offset in the later part of 2023.
Lee Shavel: Thanks for the question, Greg. So certainly, we view the Net Promoter Score as one gauge of our client satisfaction and enthusiasm for what we do. I wouldn't say that we are targeting our client outreach primarily to drive an increase in NPS. We're hopeful that, that will be a consequence, but our primary purpose is to elevate our dialogue [indiscernible] with our clients, which, as I indicated, I think there's a very strong appetite for because they recognize that with the data sets that we have and our centrality, we have the ability to solve problems for the industry. And the only way that we can identify those as industry issues is by moving and strengthening that dialogue at the top. And I think it does put us in a position where we are beyond addressing their tactical needs in underwriting claims, extreme events modeling, we have the ability to solve bigger problems by tying some of those data sets together. We talked about the integration of our property data into the Touchstone platform, which is an example of how, as part of that higher-level dialogue, we were able to find solutions. So we are looking for ways to integrate more data sets and bring new data sets in to satisfy and delight our clients. And I certainly hope that we'll be able to see an increase in our NPS overtime. But where the rubber will meet the road is going to be in sustained revenue growth and the development of new products that we can then monetize across the industry.
Lee Shavel: Thank you. Thank you, Ashish. It's a great question. And I would start by saying through a lot of this client interaction, you have a very clear sense of what is on the minds of senior leaderships at underwriters and reinsurers. And I would start off by saying probably inflation and the impact of inflation on the insurance industry as they evaluate potential losses, insurance to value, placement costs, pricing is first and foremost. And to give you an example of how that manifested itself in our world at our Verisk Insurance Conference, which we were tying a lot of these topics together, our session on tracking inflation costs across a variety of aspects of insurance was a standing room-only event in a pretty large room of people spilling out into the hallways outside. So anything that we can do to provide more insight on the impact of inflation and how that's going to influence replacement costs and insurance to value is an important element of that. Similarly, social inflation and the impact of rising legal costs, time involved in resolving those is very much on the front of their minds associated with regulatory changes. We've seen some regulatory changes in Florida to try to limit some of that exposure. So our engagement on both helping understand that dynamic, how to manage that effectively in settlement discussions and also working towards some regulatory solutions and legislative solutions that address that is important. Topics of climate change and broader global risks that is factoring into our extreme events business is critical. We've had -- that has helped drive pipeline for some of our longer-term climate-oriented models as well as understanding how social, political and environmental risk through our Verisk Maplecroft subsidiary interacts with those risks is also an important topic as insurers are confronting a broader sense of the risk. So those are a few examples of what I would describe as the issues that are top of mind and that we have seen drive, I think, very solid activity on the sales front. I'd also mention that in light of that and in light of kind of the questions around the sales cycle that we have seen in other places, we have always dealt with relatively long sales cycle. And I think our -- the industry, the insurance industry has generally been less volatile. We have not seen any changes in our sales cycle and the impact. So we recognize that, that has been a greater challenge for some of our peers in this market environment. But to date, we've [indiscernible] our sales teams, we have not seen that be an impact as of yet.
Lee Shavel: So Toni, on generative AI, I'll say at the start, our first approach is understanding it, understanding it in the context of the potential use cases within insurance, listening to how our clients are perceiving it and understanding, on one hand, how this can be an effective tool to be utilized to potentially automate functions [indiscernible] insurance to potentially integrate other data sets into their decision-making. But there is -- there are -- because I think of the breadth of this technology, there are clearly a lot of applications. And we're working to identify those and the opportunity, on the other hand, and I think the driving factor is there are clearly profound risk associated with generative AI in terms of its ability to understand and contextualize the conclusions or the outputs that it's creating. And so our primary focus has been in identifying a policy for us internally and as we think about the industry as a whole to provide scope for protected use cases that allow us to test and evaluate and understand the risks and deal with this on a very disciplined basis where the industry is able to develop this in a safe and nondisruptive manner.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Manav. So -- and I appreciate you asked the context in kind of a sequential way. So first, as I indicated, the accomplishment of moving off of that mainframe was a really substantial challenge, particularly for an organization that has been -- has developed over decades, and that technology had been in place for a long time. And so the immediate benefit, as we've talked about in the past, is that we are clearly realizing an economic benefit in terms of our ability to manage data and process data in the cloud. And we have -- there were costs necessary for us to achieve that outcome. But most of those costs have been -- had hit us. We're now experiencing the benefit of that from an economic perspective. But I'll remind everyone that, of course, that this also involves a geographic change in our balance sheet, meaning that what previously would have been depreciation of those hardware and software assets is now moving to an operating expense in terms of cloud expense. So may not be apparent from an EBITDA perspective, but there is real economic benefit from that. Now we will also continue to expect to see our cloud expenses grow as we integrate new data sets as we develop new solutions. So that will be part of our expense base that grows with the revenue opportunities that we see. But the strategic benefit for us that I believe we're really at the early stages of realizing is that through associating data sets that are now in a cloud format, our ability to tie those data sets together, to develop workflow software that is able to integrate that, to deliver that in a micro services context or an EPA context to our clients and integrate into those features expands the scope by which we can create value from those data sets. And to tie it to my earlier comments, as we better understand our clients' needs, it gives us an ability to potentially customize the way that we integrate and deliver those data sets to our clients to meet their specific value objectives. And that's, I think, what we're very excited about. We also -- from a technology standpoint, one other modernization step that we are taking on is an upgrade of our ERP system. That will deliver also efficiencies for us on the accounting, on the HR side. That also improves our ability to understand and accelerate the amount of internal information that we have. So having completed the cloud migration, we're now embarking under Elizabeth's leadership the -- our ERP transformation.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Jeff, thank you for the question. I would say, first, recognize that pressure. But that pressure is, in fact, I think, creating the opportunity that we are pursuing in that we are providing through our life solution a completely renovated and fresh platform for our clients to deliver that product, to develop new products on a faster basis and to substantially reduce the costs that they have in originating and managing that product. So at least what we see and part of what is driving the very strong growth, and I heard this directly from clients at our various insurance conference, many of whom are large players in the insurance industry, given that pressure, they are using this as an opportunity to rethink. Some of them have exited the business, and they are reestablishing it on this new platform that we are providing to them.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Thank you, Andrew. And I think this is a good opportunity for me to bring in Maroun Mourad, the President of our Claims business. And given kind of the claims dimension of that, he can speak specifically to crew and also how it fits into our broader German strategy given our prior acquisition of ACTINEO.
Lee Shavel: So Jeff, I think you won the award for the most complex [indiscernible] question, which we do appreciate because it is a complicated topic. Let me start off, and then I'm going to ask Neil to jump in and provide more context. So the dynamic of what we're seeing is that right now, in general, is that we are seeing higher rates, and consumers are responding to that. So some of the strength that we're seeing in auto is they are beginning to shop more frequently because of the initial impact of rates. We expect that, that will continue. Some insurers through nonrate actions that they're entitled to have been able to increase prices. So we're getting to see the consumer respond to that, and that's driving volume. Now from the insurers' perspective, however, there still are these concerns about inflation and underwriting in certain geographies that is -- put them in a position where they are not willing to market as aggressively. And so that's why we have not seen the level of marketing activity on the insurer side. So those are the dynamics that we are seeing right now. It's -- we do expect to see more rate increases. That will probably encourage more competition and demand for new products, but the insurers will have to evaluate where they want to write business and what they want to do to attract more. So that's kind of a rough approximation, and I'll let Neil fine-tune that a bit.
Lee Shavel: Yes. And specific to this embedded in our comments was part of the transactional strength were some nonrate action programs that were insurers looking to address some of their higher risks within that. As these rate increases begin to flow through, that should diminish, but then it potentially drives other growth within the business. So again, a complex situation, but hopefully, that gives you a little bit more insight.
Lee Shavel: And I would say we are – in this environment where the business is growing, there are a lot of new issues that we’re working to respond on. With that growth and naturally some of the inflationary costs within the environment, the investments that we have made to improve the value of the product, we believe that it has been a supportive environment for us to capture the value that we are creating in the product through some of the pricing increases across our entire product set.
Lee Shavel: Great. Well, thank you, George. I think that was the final question. So I want to thank everyone for participating, and we look forward to continuing the dialogue with all of you. Have a great day.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks. Happy to. I'll highlight a couple of the drivers of the subscription growth, which was broad-based and some of the potential later in the year. So on the -- the largest driver of the subscription growth was in our forms [indiscernible] business. This was the biggest contributor to the growth, just given the size of it within overall Verisk. And the growth was driven across the contract. Probably about 20% to 25% of our contracts in the business overall are tied to premium growth. We are seeing an environment with strong premium growth with over 9% -- nearly 10% net written premium growth in 2021, which is driving some of those contracts. In addition, we're delivering additional value to our customers and new products, as we highlighted at the Investor Day. So we are partnering with them in this environment. Finally, in that business, in this quarter in particular, there were lower levels of attrition, liquidation or consolidation in the industry than we might typically, something that we're monitoring in the balance of the year. In addition to that business, other contributors to subscription growth, our property estimating solutions business had a strong quarter, somewhat helped by easier comparisons in the last year and some continued storm benefits there. And our anti-fraud business in the claims business is also driving strong growth. That is fueled significantly by conversions to claims essentials, which is a subscription product for third-party administrators and self-insured. That transition from transactional to subscription product started in the back half of last year. So we're still in kind of that overlapping growth period. And finally, extreme events and life, our life solutions business also had strong subscription growth. So collectively, strong contributions across the portfolio.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Happy to cover that. Maybe like the subscription, I'll go through sort of in order of magnitude of the impact to the transactional growth. So the biggest single driver in the underwriting and ratings portion of the business was the recovery in the auto space. There were really 2 elements to this. First was we referenced the nonrate actions deal with a major insurer. And that's a unique opportunity for auto insurers to look across their portfolio and see actions that they can take beyond rate increases. The second element, though, is the overall rebound in shopping behavior, which picked up quite suddenly in the quarter. We've seen industry data that supports it. The J.D. Power data shows a strong increase in auto insurance shopping this quarter. So those 2 factors contributed to our transactional growth. In addition, the -- our life business, which is both a subscription business but has a services implementation component which contributed on the transaction side. In the property estimating solutions, there was -- there continue to be carryover as well as some localized storm activities, the wind storms and tornadoes and some ice storms that you've seen that had a component of an impact. And then there were a couple onetime elements, including some overage charges on contracts in underwriting and rating, billing catch-up in the claims business. There also -- there happened to be an extra business day in the quarter, which will come out in the third quarter. So those were the main elements across the transaction growth.
Elizabeth Mann: Toni, to your question on the onetime items, we haven't quantified them. They're not of a magnitude that we would call out in specific. We just wanted to mention as a tailwind.
Elizabeth Mann: Thanks, Alex. Yes. We are excited to be giving this new transparency to the market. Our overall philosophy is going to be to give you clarity on what we can expect. We do not intend to sort of update for minor changes or for every kind of mark-to-market on a frequent basis. It's the first quarter of the year, and so it's still early in the year. We will update for material changes as we see things unfold.
Elizabeth Mann: And maybe actually, to your question on our views for the balance of the year, I'll repeat what I said in the comments, which is from where -- from what we see today, as we think about the balance of the year, we don't see significant changes in trends versus what we talked to you about when we gave the guidance.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Thanks. So that -- in that product, we had -- it is for insurers, but it is also used by third-party administrators and by self-insured. Previously, those customers, the TPAs and the self-insured had been on a more of a transactional business model. They would use the data when something would occur. We have developed a subscription product that is specifically targeted to that customer base and have been moving them to that subscription product. We started that in the middle of last year. As they move from a transactional to a subscription model, you're seeing that shift in that business where transaction revenue may even be declining, but it is being replaced by subscription revenue, which is higher quality and more sustainable.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes, happy to comment on it. I mean, first, I want to remind you, we don’t have a single pricing approach. It’s a targeted approach across all of our businesses, and we’ve been pricing items to value. I think I quoted before the net written premium growth in the industry was 9.6% in 2021. That’s the year that drives the growth for many of our customers. About 20% of our revenue is tied to that premium growth in the year prior. So that has been an element.
Elizabeth Mann: Yes. Good question, George. Thanks for that. Some of it ties back to the discussion we were just having on the industry and the impact of the rate increases that we're starting to see. So the strong auto insurance shopping behavior that we saw in this quarter was a function of some of the rate increases that have started to push through. To some extent, that is a recovery that we had expected to come later in the year. And so it may just be a pull forward of that recovery. We're waiting to see kind of the interplay of the dynamics that Lee and Neil were talking about in there. The second driver of the auto business, the nonrate actions and our -- enabling our customers to do that, that may taper off as they start to get rate increases, and that may turn into some of that shopping activity. So that's the interplay of those elements we see going forward.
