Frank Coyne: Thank you, Eva, and good morning. In second quarter 2011, we delivered strong performance at 16.2% revenue growth and 24.2% adjusted diluted EPS growth. We performed well in many of our businesses and our recent acquisitions contributed as well. We were pleased to see Risk Assessment growth at 4.6% for the quarter and 4.5% year-to-date, as our continued value to customers is reflected in our revenue growth. Our insurance-facing solutions in Decision Analytics grew over 20% and 14% organically. Our healthcare solutions continued to show growth and we are working hard to implement our sold solutions for clients which will allow recognition of contracted revenue. Supply chain remains an area of focus and promise for us. Overall, our organic growth was 8.8%, a meaningful improvement versus first quarter 2011. We improved Decision Analytics organic growth in Q2 to almost 13%, driven by both improved growth from insurance-facing solutions as well as a return to positive growth for our mortgage solutions. The mortgage market continues to represent a challenge for us as well as other companies. Mortgage insurers continue to confront difficulties achieving sufficient capital requirements, resulting in a major insurer recently announcing its potential inability to write new business without receiving an extension of a capital waiver. It is unclear at the moment how that may affect the broader mortgage market. We are clearly focused on our mortgage business and managing it through the volatile macro environment. But even with the uncertainties in the mortgage marketplace, we believe the strength and diversity of our solutions across multiple verticals will lead to strong overall performance. I said on our first quarter call that we expected to see improvement in total organic growth for full-year 2011 compared to first quarter results and we delivered improvement in the second quarter. Additionally, we continued to have strong conviction around our margin and overall profitability. Excluding the recent acquisitions, our EBITDA margins in Q2 were almost 46%. Speaking of our acquisitions, we were excited to integrate both Bloodhound Technologies and Healthcare Partners into our various health solutions. We were making client calls with all these tools in hand and receiving good response. In the quarter, we were also able to continue to drive what I believe is most important to delivering shareholder returns, EBITDA and free cash flow. We grew our total EBITDA by almost 16% and converted a large portion to free cash flow. In the quarter, we grew our diluted adjusted EPS by about 24%. As always, we’ve remained focus on delivering shareholder returns through growth in our businesses, disciplined acquisitions and our share repurchase program. In the quarter, we invested a $141 million in new healthcare assets and purchased over a $140 million worth of shares, while also adding a new $150 million authorization. This level of repurchase was higher than in previous quarters as we saw opportunity to buy shares at an attractive price, bringing ourselves closer to our target capital structure. We believe our repurchase program has been successful and liked the flexibility it provides to ensure we can deploy our capital when prices are appropriate. For the rest of 2011, we will remain focus on executing on the plan I laid out at our last call, namely growing insurance revenues through new solutions and cross-selling, further penetration in the healthcare space, managing our mortgage business in the face of a challenging macro environment, and creating shareholder value. Scott has been spending a lot of time with our new partners Bloodhound and Health Risk Partners, who we call HRP. So I’ll ask him to share some perspectives on our newest addition HRP as well as our acquisition program and other corporate initiatives.
Frank Coyne: Jim, I think in the short run – in the short-term, the impact of the mortgage insurers’ inability to write new business if it comes about could be a positive to us as opposed to a negative. And, over time, I think all – the policymakers believe that mortgage insurance is important to a healthy real estate market and we know a housing market and we know that’s important to our economy. So it’s hard to predict where that’s going to turnout, but we don’t expect an immediate impact.Jim Kissane – Bank of America: And, Frank, in the press release, you sounded a positive tone around P&C premiums.
Frank Coyne: What we’re seeing in those companies is they’re achieving our expectations. Our earn-outs are designed to pay for extraordinary performance and within a certain timeframe. And those companies did not achieve the extraordinary performance, but we think they are in track to satisfy the predictions that we put into our model.Jim Kissane – Bank of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Frank Coyne: Absolutely. Yes so the pipeline has definitely improved. Basically we’re just standing up even taller as a provider of a lot of the solutions that a healthcare payer would require now that we have got payment integrity, we have got medical intelligence, we have got enterprise analytics. So when you actually look at the landscape of healthcare data analytic vendors, we actually have a broader portfolio than many of – many of the others. So that positioning is helping us for getting additional attention. With respect to the integration, we have live examples of customers who have observed that the range of things that we can do in payment and integrity all the way from pre-adjudication to the backend of the process has actually caused them to ask us to effectively integrate our solutions that on their behalf and it has led to some pretty substantial expansion of some of our largest relationships inside a healthcare. So the early returns are very good on what we have done.
Frank Coyne: Yes. It’s – again we certainly think that the profile of organic growth for our business is improving. There is a lead time issue with respect to some of the implementations and the pipeline is getting stronger very quickly. So kind of when all of that – when all of that converges to actually goose the organic revenue growth rate is a little bit hard to predict, but it definitely is moving in the right direction.
Frank Coyne: Well, we don’t have the visibility we’d like, but – and I’ll tell you we spend a lot of time with our customers obviously, but an extraordinary amount of time whether the customers are trying to map out where they’re going. And what we’ve learned is they cannot predict where they’re going. So it’s very difficult for us to say what’s going to happen there in the mortgage business and that’s – it gets to the question that you were just asking Mark, the organic growth is impacted by our mortgage business. But it is 10% of our business and we’ve got a lot of confidence around the other 90%.
Frank Coyne: What we do for them Michael is more related to their existing book than the book that they’re building at any given moment. So we’re worked – we are working with them on issues that are currently there inside of mortgage insurance that they originated some point in the past. Yes, thanks for that clarification.
Frank Coyne: Yes. I think that certainly is our point currently, but the entire environment around mortgage and even the pressure on the originators and the banks on how they deal with their delinquencies is – it has an impact on timing, et cetera as to how quickly they may get turned over for – to us for auditing works. So there is a lot of moving parts there. But, yes, even though originations are down say 20%, our business is not – our business for originators is not down 20%. I mean we’re gaining new – we’re gaining new customers, we’re writing – we’re developing new products, our value proposition is strong. So though we’re going to go through a period of time with some bumpiness, we think it’s a very good business.
Frank Coyne: It’s more the latter that we’re calling out, which is, we’re observing the same macro environment that you are and we’re observing our own knowledge based on dealing with our customers that their plans change on – pretty depending on circumstances and so the predictability is very difficult.
Frank Coyne: Very high. Mark was referencing our dry powder before, Bill, and that is a fact about our business. There are assets out there that fit our aspirations in terms of where we want to take our business thinking particularly about the healthcare and supply chain domains, those are likely to be the two places where the greatest amount of acquisition activity occurs, and we’re seeing good assets to fit where we’re trying to get to. Between the dry power and the ability to be flexible in the moment, we are very focused on the M&A agenda going forward.
Frank Coyne: Well, I mean the cross-selling is a committed agenda on our part. And, basically, we are doing a variety of things to support the cross-sell. We take a holistic view of a customer, our sales teams are incentivized to try to get our whole suite sold into the accounts. We have executive ownership of our largest accounts. And, basically, if you take a look at that strong organic growth in the insurance part of Decision Analytics, most of that is the effect of cross-selling into the existing Risk Assessment customer base. So it’s a high focus, and to achieve that double-digit organic growth in Decision Analytics, that’s essentially the cross-selling.
Frank Coyne: It’s probably a little early to talk about that, but just to note a couple of things, we’re up to 28 approvals on risk analyzer for personal auto. Again, I think that’s kind of a – sort of a threshold for us will be when we are up to around 40, 45. Most of the premium across the country is embraced in the analytic. We’ve also started to get approvals on our risk analyzer for homeowners when where we’ve got – we’ve – we’re moved in two states, and we actually now stand really for the first time having made sales of the three lines that we have modeled. We’ve now made – we’ve now got sales into lot – real customers for written for personal auto, for homeowners, and for commercial auto. So that’s a bit of a milestone in the build. But we’re still a bit – our value provision is tied strongly to the notion that our analytic is industrial strength and has been approved by the regulators. And, obviously, we are still in process on that. But there is a lot of interest in the marketplace. And as we get more regulatory approvals, we just think that the result will follow. But it’s – we can’t predict how quickly the state departments of insurance will respond, that’s the X factor here.
Frank Coyne: Yes. Less than 3% of our revenue is government contracts. And, no, there has not been any notable in the current contracts that we have with government. We believe based on information that they’re fully funded and so we don’t really expect any short-term issues.
Frank Coyne: In reverse order, the prices for healthcare acquisitions have always been high relative to sort of what we see across all the vertical markets that we’re in. I wouldn’t say that there has been any change there, but they’ve always been premium priced assets. And I think that – I would point to two things about our position. One is we do have a distinctive intellectual property operating inside of our business whether it’s on the payment integrity side with the only solution that allows you to get after the claims on a pre-adjudicated basis to our grouping methodology which stands inside of our medical intelligence analytics, the competitor that you’re referencing I just don’t think could make either of those claims. And then, secondly, the healthcare is a place where it’s actually good to be a newer competitor. The value of incumbency is high in a lot of the things we do, but it’s much less so in the healthcare space, because customers are not only opened to, they’re actually seeking new solutions. So to be kind of an old form competitor with a big embedded base and a lot of investment in sort of yesterday’s methods is actually kind of a tough place to be. And that’s not our situation.
Frank Coyne: It is, although, which means that the Sonar is banging away in all of the markets that we serve. I would just tell you that I just don’t think that there are a lot of distinctive assets that would provides the kind of reliable growth that we’re looking for so. And actually our portfolio of solutions is relatively more complete and the things that aren’t there, Matt, we would really be looking more to build than to buy. But, yes, we bang away, the Sonar bangs away in all cases. I would also tell you that part of the thought process around mortgage is that I mean fundamentally we’re dealing with financial services organizations, and one of the things that is in the thought process is other lines of business that our customers are engaged in, and whether and how we could do business with them there. So if you’re defining it as mortgage narrowly, I think we actually cover the waterfront reasonably well. But when we extend out to a financial services definition, then the M&A opportunities actually open up a bit.
Frank Coyne: Yes. I think it was probably Jim Kissane who had asked me early on. As I had observed in the past that I thought the market was bottoming out and beginning to turn in certain lines and we’re now seeing that trend, the trend is coming through in various survey and reports from various companies and we expect to continue to see that. And it could be accelerated by various factors. One is a continuation of climatic instability in the second half of the year which is normally when we see it if we have an active hurricane season and if inflation brings its head up then that will clearly have an impact.
Frank Coyne: All right, well, I want to thank everyone for joining us in the call of this morning and for your continued interest and for the quality of your questions, and looking forward to visiting with you again next quarter.
Scott Stephenson: Thank you, Frank. As you all are aware we’ve been busy on the M&A front, we’re very excited to add Bloodhound Technologies and HRP to our suite of healthcare analytic solutions. I spoke about Bloodhound on our last call and we continued to see the value in its real-time claims editing solution as well as the benchmarking tools and the end-process ROI available to their customers. In June, we added another healthcare asset, Heath Risk Partners, who provide solutions that optimize revenue, ensure compliance and improve quality of care for Medicare Advantage and Medicaid plans. Recent data states that the United States will spend about $4.6 trillion on healthcare by 2020 and about 50% of that will be paid by the United States Government. By expanding our footprint to include more payment integrity solutions and tools that help health plans operate profitably, we are positioning to help with these daunting numbers which are obviously a challenge for our nation. We have aspirations to continue to grow HRP at a nice pace from the base of around $15 million to $20 million of 2010 revenue. Although the margins are lower than the Verisk enterprise, we expect to drive higher margins in the future due to the operating leverage which is inherent in that business. Talking more broadly about our acquisition program, we’re pleased to see good opportunities across multiple verticals and at a variety of sizes. We are open to transactions in all the verticals as well as the supply chain domain. We’ve just spent a few days with all of our business leaders and innovation was a very strong topic of conversation and remains right at the top of mind for all of us. We continue to focus on making sure our investment dollars are being spent effectively and that we are aiming at transformational innovation for our customers as well as important incremental innovation to keep our products at the leading edge. Let me turn it over now to Mark to talk about our financial results.
Scott Stephenson: It was really two – well, you kind of answered your own question, Jim. The GSEs have been stepping their demand for our services and the bottleneck issue associated with the mortgage insurers also subsided, and that was the effect that we’re reciting as you know kind of fourth quarter last year, first quarter this year. So those are really the two things that principally explained where we came out in the second quarter.
Scott Stephenson: And just to give a little more color. I mean this is in a large part of the fraud side of things where we go as fast as customers want to go. In some cases they operate by state or regions and they have rollout plans that span years because of – they intend to kind of rollout in a disciplined way. So don’t think of it is the rollout takes that long, it’s just that’s how it’s planned and phased by our customers in many cases.
Scott Stephenson: I think we – we just think of the frontend which is the loss protection side of healthcare being the combination of what has historically have been our operations that operate out of Waltham, it’s a Massachusetts based business that we’ve had for sometime, and HRP is more closely aligned with that side of the business. Separate and apart from that, we’ve talked about HCI which is our healthcare insights business which is on the fraud side of things, that’s being reporting fraud and fraud protection. And Bloodhound are too on the payment and integrity that claims editing business is probably more aligned with that backend and that [inaudible] inside of our themes, inside of Decision Analytics.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, the implementation phase it varies little bit by customer. But the right range to think about there is sort of 60 days to 90 days and that’s once kind of all the parameters of the implementation have been described, and so we are in the middle of a great deal of implementation activity right now, and I think that you should expect therefore that. And your observation is right that the – all the effort proceeds the revenue. So you should expect that we’re going to be in that mode for substantially all of 2011. There are 50 plus implementations that we’re working on right now just in the payment and integrity space. And so that will predominate for the rest of the year. 60 days to 90 days.
Mark Anquillare: I’ll take that real quick. I think we talked about the organic growth accelerating from first quarter. Obviously mortgage does factor into that. But generally we do see some acceleration in the latter part of the year adjusted for some days and things like that from a transactional perspective that do affect us.
Mark Anquillare: I don’t think there is anything material. I think – we think of days from an expense perspective as an example. Second quarter had an extra day from first quarter. And I believe that if were to look at the back half, we would see another day or two in the second half relative to the first. I think you’re also aware of the option expense that accelerate investing that we did experience in the second quarter, kind of dissipates a bit in the third and fourth quarter. Everything else is just kind of investment in adding any – adding bodies to kind of support growth as we progress through the year.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. I think what we are seeing is 6.6 in the first quarter, the 8.8 in the second which is about 7.7 overall. That – we have limited visibility on mortgage from the standpoint of pinpoint. I think that number for the rest of the year I think it feels about right. That’s – I’m not sure we have a greater visibility with regard to organic growth.
Mark Anquillare: Yes, as I said, I’m not going to get into the specifics. I think you asked – I think the question was whether we like to ramp whether we saw the expect – we expect organic growth to continue, we like where we are year-to-date. I mean that’s the direct comment.
Mark Anquillare: Not off the 2Q. I think we were – we were talking – I was talking about from a year-to-date perspective.
Mark Anquillare: No. What it really is implying that the services that we provide for them right whether they’re writing new business or not or still a valuable services that will continue and may even increase.
Mark Anquillare: 15 and 20. We’ve also said that HRP is in that – excuse me, Bloodhound is in that $10 million range from backend. It’s about equally rated today and that’s the best way to describe it. Probably a little bit more on the frontend I think. Probably maybe 60/40.
Mark Anquillare: Well, let me describe where it comes in. Inside loss quantifications, specifically the Xactware business is a piece of the business where people exceed in the most part minimums on volumes or claims coming through our tools. We do charge per transaction. So there was some severe storms that hit in the quarter and did drive revenue inside of the loss quantification. Typically, storm activity takes place in that third and fourth quarter, so this was I wouldn’t say unusual but were heavier than usual, and that that did help us in the quarter. It’s a little difficult to estimate and predict storm activity into the future. I think third quarter and fourth quarter of 2010 were about average, I don’t think there was anything out of the ordinary so. And it’s tough to predict what will happen in 2011 going forward. But, hopefully, I think that helps you understand little bit about the nature of those revenues.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. I mean it’s difficult to tell relative to last year. You know that it was probably a couple million dollars of revenue.
Mark Anquillare: I think we’ve always talked about frontend and backend. So the frontend audit, that presents good chunk of our business, it’s probably about 67% these days.
Mark Anquillare: So the – let’s talk about the piece parts. First of all I will highlight that we talked about the stock option expenses specifically accelerate investing, so that – a chunk of that does affect the SG&A side of things. From a salary increase perspective to answer your question directly, that’s more across the board. It’s kind of inflationary in every place. I think of that 3.5% to 4.5% range. And inside SG&A to yield, you’ll have some cost associated with the acquisitions if you think about they’re in the acquisitions but I believe cost transaction fees that no longer are capitalized inside of the purchase accounting. So we need to expense that immediately and we saw some of that in the second quarter in the SG&A side of things. Last item, I did mention earlier there was an extra expensed day in the second quarter relative to the first quarter. So if you’re doing a comparison not to last year but a comparison first quarter that is another element of it.
Mark Anquillare: Well, I think we – just trying to give you a little – let me give you some more visibility on HRP which is probably the number one [ph], Scott mentioned the $15 million to $20 million of revenue. You are going to see in the world of HRP they do have the lower margins think of 20s. Over time, we would expect that to ramp. But that will have some decrement on the margins within DA for the remainder of the year. We think it’s pretty nominal, but it’s something you would want to consider.
Michael Meltz – J.P. Morgan: Thank you. A couple of questions for you. Just the last guy – sorry for guy – the last analyst asked about an organic revenue acceleration. Mark do you – just to clarify your expecting acceleration versus the nine you did in Q2 or the eight you did in the first half, what’s the reference point, and the answer might be both, but I just want to be clear on that.
Michael Meltz – J.P. Morgan: Okay, okay. And then the question about mortgage, your – just to be clear, I know you don’t have the visibility you’d like, but you do expected to grow for the year.
Michael Meltz – J.P. Morgan: Yes. And then – and so your point on mortgage that new originations are weak, they’ve been weak all year and that’s the uncertainty rather than a new wrinkle on the mortgage insurers side.
