Scott G. Stephenson: I understand. Yeah, thank you. Well, the best answer to that, I think, is actually found in our own historical performance. There was a consecutive five-year period where premiums were down year-over-year and our business performed very well during that period, and the reason is that what the insurance companies need to do, whether they're in particularly strong moments of the cycle or weaker moments of the cycle, is to continue to upgrade their ability to ingest information, translate it into insight, and then reflect that in a way they price their products, structure their products, adjust claims around their products, et cetera. That is the work of the insurance companies, and that's what we're fundamentally a part of. So, we're very comfortable with how our Insurance business will do, almost regardless of the cycle. I'm saying that very strongly. Obviously, sort of extreme events in the moment can have an effect, but we've actually been through this and our business held up very well.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, so maybe starting at the end of that, Toni. The performance of that segment is really pretty broadly based, and what I mean by that is that it spans the kinds of solutions that we have traditionally provided, so sort of the core look at the supply chain of the oil and gas space, but also includes the upstream subsurface kinds of analytics, which are relatively newer for us, analytics related to the renewable forms of energy. And then kind of over-the-top on all of that, the digitizing trend that I talked about probably is differentially being felt more strongly in the energy space than it is in the others, because energy actually has started further behind. So we talked a lot about WoodMac 2.0 and essentially sort of changing our own technical infrastructure, which allows us to interact with our customers differently. That's a constructive movement in the business, because our customers themselves are also changing their digital methods on the commercial side of their businesses. So it's really very broadly based. If you were to think of it in terms of sort of what it is that's getting delivered and looking at where we have been in 2018 and where we're going in the future, we're always encouraged when we see consulting do well, because it tends to be a leading indicator of the propensity of our customers to be thinking into the future. And that has been strong, so that's an encouraging signal for us. But as those of you who are familiar with our story know, most of the revenue is related to subscriptions. And over the course of 2018, subscriptions have advanced nicely also across several of those thematic categories that I talked about. So it's not really any one thing. It's really broadly based.
Scott G. Stephenson: Thanks, Andrew. Yeah, so to your question about the models, that comment in my remarks was related to Financial Services and Argus specifically. And what's going on there, just to sort of reprieve that real quick is, that in the face of mounting regulation, the amount of documentation that is required on some of your models, if you're a bank or you're a credit card issuer, have really, really ramped up. And so we have created some offerings that were pretty popular with our customers. And that summarized a lot into what we call a wallet-share model. And so if you're going to use sort of a wallet-share model, what the regulators have said is you cannot sort of operate that as a black box. You're going to have to show us what's inside of your black box. And so sort of the burden for our customers of opening up the black box really got sort of pretty large. And so in the face of that, what we've done is we have essentially disaggregated some of those models and sort of essentially taken the attributes which build up into the overall view, and that's what we're now making available to our customers. So I just want everybody to understand that's the movement. So the insight is still useful, but the way it gets presented has had to change. And then to your question, so in the third quarter of 2018, the net effect of moving – some of our customers moving away from the wallet-share models and moving into the attributes was essentially a drag on the revenue line in the third quarter. So the transition is not yet complete. What that means is actually that there is upside for us going forward. We're feeling – we have felt, over the last couple of quarters, the burden of that transition. And as we go forward that's going to eventually even out or even move in the right direction.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, our pricing philosophy is the same as it's always been, which is that we price to value. So we're very focused on the utility of our solutions for our customers. And it's on that basis that we set the prices for the solutions that we provide. And as has always been the case, our preference and the heart of our model is recurring subscriptions, and we find that that's good for our customers. They like knowing with some certainty what they're going to be paying for our solutions. And it's good for us, because of the visibility and the recurrence. So we normally try to – that's where we try to set our pricing model. There are some occasions where with newer solutions particularly, the customers would prefer that we start out transaction priced, because (00:40:03) exactly how much of it they're going to consume as they begin using it. And so we're perfectly happy to do that when that's what the customers want. But we generally find with time that they would like us to transition to subscriptions. And then the last thing I'll add is, as a part of our pricing philosophy, that we generally attempt to achieve multiyear subscriptions with price inflators on an annual basis, which reflects the fact that most of what we do is so basic to what our customers do, it's so embedded in their workflows, that there's just sort of a mutual understanding that this is the way business is going to get done. And so our customers are comfortable with signing multiyear agreements. And of course, for us that just represents an even higher level of recurrence. So everything I just said has been a part of our approach since October of 2009 when you first saw us as a public company. And I'm very certain will remain our go-to-market approach.
Scott G. Stephenson: There might be a few more situations, like where AXA and XL Catlin came together, and that's an interesting one, because I think that one actually represents a fair amount of opportunity for us. But I mentioned that one, because that has sort of a global geographic markets dimension and it's also reinsurance sort of being layered more directly on top of insurance inside of one specific company. So I think you may see some of that, but that's actually the most constructive kind of consolidation I can imagine.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah, actually, quite a bit of progress is being made on subscriptions. And again, I think you do need to look beyond one quarter to say the year or even multiple years. But since we really called the turn on the business, which would have been – just referencing my notes here – oh, I guess, about 10 months ago or so, the progression of the subscriptions from then has looked very much like what we would expect and is very supportive of our view that this is a business which can perform above the rate of organic growth of all of Verisk actually. So in the quarter, it happened that the transaction revenues were particularly strong. And, yes, we are working our way through one substantial subscription agreement that went off the books in 2018. We've talked about that. But I think that over intermediate and long periods of time, subscription revenue growth will be equal to or probably even exceed the rate of consulting – or just kind of they will both be very strong contributors, but what we're focused on is subscription revenue growth. That's the heart of our business.
Scott G. Stephenson: I guess, a last point I would make is that a lot of the subscription renewals occur in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So to a degree it's not really quite surprising that the third quarter would be relatively a little quieter with respect to subscriptions.
Scott G. Stephenson: Yeah. So, GDPR is a contextual factor for us, but not one that I would say is really interacting with our results near-term. And as long as we protect our data assets, the way that we have and I expect we will, I do not believe it will be a material impact going forward. So I can't comment on somebody else's construal of the effect of the regulations, but where our business is concerned. The primary effect of it, as we interface with our customers, is we have an extended discussion about contracts, because we need to now talk about the assignment of liability, at a higher level we always have had to talk about it, but we talk about it more than we used to. That's really the only effect that I see. And it's not material, it's not material.
Scott G. Stephenson: Right. Good. So I'll ask Lee to talk about margins in a moment, but with respect to the investments that we've made, very substantially they go in the direction of putting us into new categories of solution sets that we otherwise either haven't provided or we provided in ways that haven't fully expressed what it is we can do for customers. So, for example, the acquisition of PowerAdvocate puts us in a category of spend analytics for the energy vertical that we weren't doing before. The Sequel acquisition puts us in a position to serve the London market, particularly with respect to complex commercial risks, in a way that we weren't able to serve it before. And then all the investments that we've done in Geomni, we were in the category of interpreting remote imagery into datasets, into analytics for our customers. The issue that we had was we didn't have enough high-quality raw material. And so a lot of the investment, as you heard Mark saying, on the Geomni side was basically to put ourselves in a position to have a lot of great raw material. So, again, that is very much aimed at putting us into a new and different position for enhanced revenue growth on the top line. And then other internal investments, the same. WoodMac 2.0 will carry with it some efficiency gains, but it also makes us more capable in front of our customers. So very much it is about contributing to incremental growth of our business. It's not about the maintenance of things that we already do. And that is also really part of our feeling about the likely returns of these investments that we're making, which, as you would imagine, revenue ramps, most everything we do is scalable, so as these investments mature and the revenues grow, I would expect to see it be constructive with respect to margin. And also, even if you look at more than just say a quarter – and maybe, Lee, you want to pick up here a little bit – yeah, we still see constructive progression in the organic EBITDAs inside of our business relative to the organic revenue growth rates. So...
Scott G. Stephenson: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Appreciate your interest and we look forward to seeing many, hopefully all of you, at Investor Day in just a few weeks. And between now and then, I'm sure we'll be in touch with a lot of you just for your follow-up questions. Thanks for your continuing interest. See you soon.
Mark V. Anquillare: Yeah, thank you, good question. I think we are very pleased with the position we're in, where we've these really exclusive arrangements with some of the larger OEMs and that has cemented us. So now it's every day we have more cars, more miles, and better data on that exchange. The early returns are really focused on two things. One, there's approach on the claims side to be easier and helpful to those driving your automobile. So think of an accident occurring, first of all, is there some safety or public safety you need, ambulance, could we get you a ride, tow truck? Also, let us quickly through a hot and warm transfer notify the insurance carrier that there's a claim. So this is a first notice, all automated that is very attractive to all parties involved, and that seems to be probably the place we lead. Secondly, we have found that a lot of carriers are taking the data and the information that is coming off, we call it model-ready data, but basically they're using the data to model, and they're finding great lift in pricing policies using that industry or data exchange. So, early days, I think it will continue to grow. I would say that we all think that IoT is happening, but probably at a slower pace than what we've seen in Europe and elsewhere. We remain optimistic and we love the position we're in.
Mark V. Anquillare: I think the only thing I'll – I think you were trying to get a little feel for it. I think we feel that 2017 on the primary side of things, it was kind of business as normal. I think there were some reinsurance mergers that may have a little bit of a headwind as it relates to more of our cat modeling business. That would be my high-level, short-term view of things, if that helps.
Mark V. Anquillare: Well, there's only a few competitors in the market, and I think we've been fortunate to deliver value and provide a particularly integrated solution that is appealing to several insurers and service providers. So, we continue to see some opportunities, a good pipeline, as well as close sales. So that's contributing to the growth you're seeing in 2018 and should continue into the future.
Mark V. Anquillare: All I was going to say is, once you get those planes and those sensors, you now need to put them in the sky, so we're looking to drive coverage as far as both nationwide and frequency so we can see changes in properties. So that causes us to have to put pilots in the plane, there's cost to operate, there's maintenance on the planes. Clearly, then we take all of the imagery, we process it, we're trying to kind of use it for different use cases, and we're extending the analytic capabilities of the team to provide underwriting use cases, extending the claims, and cat exposure. So I want to just emphasize, there's an OpEx piece as we continue to do a lot of advanced analytics, along with build out coverage and kind of capability. So (00:57:01).
Mark V. Anquillare: So, Bill, I guess our view is that 2017 was truly an exceptional year. There's always going to be severe weather. 2018 is going to be, in our mind, something really strange happened. Towards the latter part of the year is just going to be a normal year of severe weather. So I don't think we see anything adjusting or any adjustments to normalization in 2018. We've been focused on 2017 because of the exceptional aspect. Let me just remind everybody, the way many of our contracts, specifically the Xactware or repair cost estimating contracts, work is that we provide access to the solution for a number of claims. And then when you eclipse a threshold, you then get charged per claim at excess rate. It takes quite a substantial threshold or number of volume – lot of volume to get above that threshold. I don't think we're going to see much of that in 2018. 2017 was noteworthy.
Mark V. Anquillare: So maybe I'll try to take that. This is Mark. I think if you were to actually look back on 2017, I think the answer really lies there. We had probably a little bit of a slower start to the year 2017, and we had kind of a stronger growth at the second half, so I think we referenced this maybe a little tougher comps in the third and fourth quarter just because of the nice pickup we had, some of it catch-up with first half of 2017. What I'd just like to emphasize, and I think Lee did a nice job of it, is year-to-date we have had a very strong year from Insurance. We feel good about the direction of the business. We feel great about the relationship and the level of engagement we have with customers, and I do believe that the number of and breadth of new solutions we have provides an exciting year forward. So, I hope that emphasizes and answers your question.
Lee M. Shavel: Michael, let me take that one. So the answer is from – over this period, there has been a portion of those contracts that we have executed and have begun generating revenue, and there have been a portion that has fallen out. I appreciate your assiduousness in tracking that. It's not something that we are tracking on a regular basis. We're, obviously, looking at kind of the current portfolio. But we have realized some of those contracts and some of those we did not get to execution on. And I can try to give you more detail on that once we've kind of researched and tracked those specific items as we have in the past. But I don't have those numbers in front of me.
Lee M. Shavel: So maybe that's something we can come back to you with to try to give you the breakout on some of those other components, but we don't have those – a sense of that right now.
Lee M. Shavel: Scott, maybe I could add perspective. I think, Tim, that when we think about the subscription growth and kind of the core subscriptions, kind of putting aside some of the breakouts, and the breakouts are also largely subscription-oriented and research-oriented, and we have seen steady progress in the growth rate and new subscriptions in kind of the mid-single digits category before we factor in the breakouts. And then we look at the breakouts and those have been very strong growth as we penetrated those new areas, and so that gives us confidence that moves us more into kind of the higher single digits range. And then on top of that, we have the consulting revenue, which, as you point out, was strong. Now, consulting revenue and the growth that we saw this experience was clearly a significant contributor to the overall growth. But we certainly see continued progress in that strength and in that improvement in subscription growth, supplemented by the breakout subscription growths, which are at a high level. So that maybe gives you some context on relative growth rates to complement Scott's perspective.
Lee M. Shavel: Yes. What I'm referring to are kind of what we're experiencing currently, and so that reflects the impact of that loss of that large global investment bank. And so, I think as we've talked about in the past, that's kind of roughly 1 percentage point drag from a growth standpoint.
Lee M. Shavel: And I think one thing to bear in mind is, I think as Mark was describing, the benefits of the use of this data spans across multiple of our businesses, and so it will have revenue impacts and EBITDA impacts positively as we try to leverage that data across the business.
Lee M. Shavel: So, certainly, there has been a level of investment that we've been making in WoodMac 2.0, as well as in the breakout opportunities that we have been investing in that have an impact. Those are proceeding as we expect. WoodMac 2.0 will be an investment cycle that certainly existed in 2018 and will persist through 2019 as we expand that platform. And that we are already beginning to see some benefits of that within the business, but there will be continued CapEx investment, continued OpEx investment in that through 2019, and so that's embedded in those margin numbers. And I think one of the benefits that we saw is that we had good cost control. Headcount growth was, I think, a little lower this quarter, having brought on some of the development folks that we needed on that front, and so that contributed to the clear improvement in margin that we saw in the third quarter.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah. I would just quickly add in addition to what Mark described to develop new sources of revenue growth or enhance the revenue growth that we're generating off of our data, we are also making investments, for instance, in cloud modernization that we think will yield overall improved returns on capital and improved margins for us. So we are making those types of investments as well. And we look at each of those investments on the basis of what type of return are we generating, whether it's through savings or through incremental profitability. So, thanks, Gary.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah. So, Gary, I think it's important to understand your frame of reference, because what we do try to accomplish with our organic constant currency margins is to look at the business on an apples-to-apples basis, so that the business isn't influenced by those trends. You will see in the difference between our reported and our organic margin that delta reflecting the impact of some of the acquisitions before we have a year-over-year comparison. And those also include some transition costs associated with those businesses. So I think perhaps what you're seeing is a narrowing of the difference between that reported and the organic margin numbers, which I think reflects what you're describing, is effectively the business is now absorbing that. We still have – I think in the fourth quarter, we still have PowerAdvocate that is outside of that. So there still will be some adjustments for that, but we are narrowing that gap.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah. So, Joe, thanks for that. We do provide, as we described before, our target revenue and EBITDA growth rates. And what we've said is that over the long term we expect all of our businesses to deliver on those growth targets. So beyond that, we don't provide separate for that. I kind of think implied by that, obviously, the Insurance business is going to be expected to deliver on those growth rates. And we certainly expect over time – or, I should say, based on historical performance, have seen both the Financial Services and, we believe, Wood Mackenzie have delivered on higher growth rates than that. And we certainly believe that that's an opportunity ahead of us in something that we are working towards. But those we are focused on our overall Verisk growth rates. And each of the businesses are expected to meet those objectives.
Lee M. Shavel: Yeah. So from an overall standpoint, the important driver of margin improvement is our ability to leverage our cost base in our businesses, our data businesses, across a broader customer set. And so that's – the fundamental driver of that, an additional subscription of our existing dataset, however broadly we define that, is going to have a very high margin and one that is in all likelihood higher than our overall margin. And that's the fundamental dynamic that drives our confidence in our operating leverage and our ability to achieve that. I'd say beyond that, we are always looking for ways to become more efficient with the resources that we have. And so, Mark has been driving an initiative on looking at how we can be more efficient by leveraging our scale internationally within the business. And so given that personnel costs represent about 70% of our cost base, we're always looking for how we can improve productivity from that base, which is something that Scott emphasizes highly in our discussions with the business. So I think that's another dimension to what we do. And then from a technological standpoint, as I talked about, investment in cloud technology is something that we think has the opportunity to improve our margins, not just by reducing our technology costs, but by facilitating our development of products and our clients' interactions with data that kind of further extend kind of the initial dynamic that I talked about. So those, I think, would be three of kind of the things that drive our margins.
Lee M. Shavel: Sure. So, George, let me take a crack at that. I think that there are a couple dynamics that we think about from organic margin performance. The first is starting with, at the highest scale level, are the growth of our business where we expect revenue growth to exceed expense growth. And that drives an overall expansion of that organic margin. Offsetting that in the near-term are investments that we make in new initiatives that are going to be – at the outset going to be lower margins, but we believe that those margins will ramp up quickly and be additive overall to the business. And so that has a near-term impact. And then, as you described, the impact of acquisitions that may have a lower margin initially. And some of them may have a lower margin permanently, which may be dilutive to the impact. But each of them we expect in the businesses that we look at have a high degree of operating leverage. And we have an ability to improve their operating leverage over time, improving margins for the business as a whole. But recognizing that we have businesses with exceptional margins, what we focus on in addition to overall driving margin growth for the business as a whole and in aggregate and consistent with our long-term targets of growing EBITDA faster than revenue, we also look at our returns on capital for those investments in new businesses. So, core growth in the business is the fundamental driver. We are making investments near-term that will diminish near-term margin, that's a function of the investment, but hopefully, expand our growth and improve margins over time. And then the impact of acquisitions, some of which we think have higher margin, all of them we expect to have higher margin over time, but they may – as a function of their impact in the business, may be lower margin, but represent higher growth opportunities and higher return opportunities. So, hopefully, that gives you kind of the perspective on the dynamics for that margin.
