Scott Stephenson: Thanks, Stacey, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be able to report that 2019 is off to a solid start at Verisk. The first quarter was marked by solid organic constant-currency revenue growth of 6.7%, which remains the most important measure of our vitality as an organization. Moreover, our growth was driven by continued broad-based strength across our Insurance vertical and ongoing improvements in Energy and Specialized Markets segment. This growth was a product of our continued efforts to get closer to our customers, to introduce new innovative solutions and to cross-sell existing solutions to help accelerate value creation for our customers. With regard to innovation and cross-sell, we are beginning to see early success from the integration of some of our more recent acquisitions into the Verisk family. To that end, we are leveraging technologies and capabilities across all of Verisk to deliver new innovation and leveraging client relationships to drive cross-sell. In the Insurance vertical, we are working with a number of clients in the London market to help them achieve an integrated workflow across a suite of Verisk products, helping them to be more responsive to their clients while at the same time improving the quality of their analytics.  As an example, Verisk clients who ensure commercial properties are now able to leverage integrations that we have built between applications from Sequel, AIR and Analyze Re to review exposure accumulations, assess extreme event risk and determine the impact of a policy on the overall portfolio in real time during the quoting process. These integrated products enable insurers to perform such analytics in minutes, where previously it could have taken at least a day. We think this early success with clients can be replicated more broadly within London and the United States.  In Energy and Specialized Markets, PowerAdvocate, our marketing cost intelligence solution, is seeing early success expanding out of their core markets of oil and gas utilities into new end markets, including metals and mining, by leveraging Wood Mackenzie's deep customer relationships. Neal will talk to you about these opportunities in more detail. In the Financial Services vertical, we've integrated LCI's comprehensive bankruptcy data with our proprietary Argus credit card industry consortium data to more accurately predict bankruptcy as much as 6 to 12 months prior to a bankruptcy filing. This should enable our bank customers to significantly reduce bankruptcy losses through the appropriate utilization and credit line management strategies. We had a very active quarter with regard to customer engagement. In fact, in the quarter, we hosted 17 customer events and attendance and engagement were very solid. In February, we hosted our Elevate Conference in Salt Lake City. The attendance included almost 1,000 insurance executive claims adjusters, contractors and vendors from the U.S., Canada and Europe. The event focused on artificial intelligence and automation to enhance the claims process and introduce the many enhanced features and new products offered by our claims team. Insurers clearly understand that disruptive innovation is taking place throughout the industry and they are intent on maintaining a competitive advantage. This is driving increased engagement and focus around increased use of data and analytics as well as digital engagement. The conference featured, first, the use of computer vision such as remote imagery and image interpretation to automate the claims cycle; second, utilizing natural language processing to better respond to policyholders through advanced analytics and chatbots to speed the claims process and better digitally engage with customers; and third, product demos of our enhanced solutions and an innovation lab to showcase our cutting-edge InsurTech. The unprecedented interest in these topics resulted in over 150 requests from customers to meet with our product managers, industry experts and account executives. This level of customer engagement positions us well for future growth. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Neal to provide some additional insights on our Energy and Specialized Markets segment. Welcome, Neal.
Scott Stephenson: Well, let -- this is Scott. Let me just give you a general characterization, then Lee, maybe you want to -- or excuse me, Neal, maybe you want to jump in with any particular comments. But the way that we are operating in that business, it's a very balanced agenda where we are actually investing a lot in the categories that we talked about before, where you've got Lens, you've got subsurface, chemicals, power and renewables. But then where the rest of the business is concerned, there's been a lot of discipline. And so this is back into say, the core of the research activities that we do and you can just see that in the way that the operation is actually moving forward. So no, it's an investment-minded agenda, but we're being selective about where we're spending. Neal, I wonder if you want to add anything to that.
Scott Stephenson: Yes. No, that's, and all I would add to that is that's one of those parts of the business where we've given real attention to try to smooth out some of the cycle that can exist there. But it is inherently a little bit lumpy year just because it's moment in time really helping our customers improve their data analytic environment.
Scott Stephenson: And Mark, we said it but just adding on to this. The Sequel tools which relate to understanding exposures and their accumulations, that is sold almost exclusively in Europe today. Yet the integration that you're talking about ties it in with AIR, where a very strong part of our AIR franchise is in the United States. So there's a real pull together there.
Scott Stephenson: Neal, maybe you comment also on just kind of the, it's the same sales force that is taking Lens out to the same customers that is already taking all of our other solutions out to market.
Scott Stephenson: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us. We appreciate the continued interest and support. And as you know, we'll be following up with a number of you. So have a great rest of the day.
Neal Anderson: Thank you, Scott. It's a pleasure to be here this morning to talk to you about our Energy and Specialized Markets business. I will discuss the macro environment in which the energy and specialized vertical operates where the focus on higher businesses are performing. I will also highlight our recent success leveraging the expertise of our PowerAdvocate business and to the extent of Wood Mackenzie energy and mining customer base. And lastly, we'll give you an update on the customer response to Lens, Wood Mackenzie's new data analytic platform. Regarding the macro environment. As you are aware, the oil and gas industry has been through a very challenging time over the last few years due to the falling oil prices. However, the industry in 2019 is in a much better shape than it was prior to the oil price crash in 2015. The oil and gas industry responded with amazing speed and focus to the drop in oil prices, aggressively cutting costs and rebuilding balance sheets, divesting noncore assets, which allowed them to concentrate upon low-cost, long life things. In turn, free cash flow has become the key financial metric. Indeed, in 2018, free cash flow surpassed the previous peak seen in 2012 when oil prices were above $100 a barrel. In summary, our oil and gas customers are in robust health with their focus now returning to new investments. We estimate future capital investment will exceed $200 billion in the next few years. As a result, we believe the majors will deliver stronger production growth in the coming 5 years, are poised to recover stronger growth for 5 years down the pre-oil price crash. Simultaneously, our downstream and finance platforms team continued strong demand, particularly in emerging markets leading to new investment in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. Our core energy customers are also grappling with opportunities and challenges presented by climate change and the need for an energy transition to lower carbon energy sources. As you are aware, we have established 2 breakout businesses to specially support and advise our customers in these areas, namely chemicals and power and renewables. The chemicals business continues to deliver strong double-digit growth as customers recognize that the primary driver of oil demand is likely to become chemical demand over the medium and long term. This is a far chemical demand over the medium and long term. This is a far cry from the world we've grown up in, where transportation demand was the key driver. Wood Mackenzie's data across the global energy complex helps our customers navigate this. The power and renewables business is also consistently delivering double-digit growth driven by our traditional renewable developers and operators, complemented by strong demand from Wood Mackenzie's core oil and gas customers as they strive to build material positions outside their core business.  We believe global investment in power and renewables will continue its nascent, rapid expansion as the energy mix moves from the molecule to the electron. As previously mentioned, the 2015 oil price crash drove a focus on cost efficiency to bring down production breakevens. Our PowerAdvocate business is ideally placed to help customers through applying cutting-edge analytical techniques to diverse spend data sets, allied with unique industry cost benchmarks. Wood Mackenzie has been able to expand PowerAdvocate's customer set beyond its traditional U.S. utilities to the major oil and gas customers and more recently, into the mining and metals sector. As a result, deal sizes have increased significantly as have margins. Lastly, I would like to talk about the market reaction to our new data analytics platform, Lens. We launched the first release of Lens late last year, namely the Lower 48 upstream that focuses on exploration and production and continue to work alongside customers to develop a unique offering, which is scalable, secure, mobile, dynamic, timely and integrated along the energy value chain. While we're still very much at the start of the journey, we have already secured 29 paying customers with a strong near-term pipeline of opportunities. But what is truly exciting is the quality of the anchor customers which range from the major oil companies through to the leading independents under both bracket bands. With that, let me turn the call over to Lee to cover our financial results.
Neal Anderson: No. Certainly, Scott. Also on the Lens side, the big focus of Lens is also to drive internal efficiencies, and we're really pleased to see that margin expansion as we roll out Lens.
Neal Anderson: Yes. No, absolutely, Scott. I think first of all, we see modest growth on investment of our key customers over the next 5 years, Toni. As I mentioned in the introduction, folks are now starting to look more at investment rather than being prudent on the cost side, which is a great operating environment for Wood Mackenzie. And as you know, the traditional strengths of Wood Mackenzie is the credibility with the market, our unique data sets, and then we're adding to that in terms of a really intuitive data analytic platform in Lens. And as I mentioned in the introduction, the launch of that in the fall of last year, we already have 29 paying customers. We continue to see that growth going over the medium term.
Neal Anderson: Yes. No, absolutely, Scott. Toni, I was referring to global CapEx. Scott is absolutely right. What we're starting to see is a little bit more discipline coming into the operators' plane in the Lower 48.
Neal Anderson: Thank you, Scott. Absolutely a big win this year in terms of margin expansion was that automation that you referred to. We began the rollout of Lens, which is a truly end-to-end process of reimagining which data sets we want to secure, how we automate the capture and the transformation of that data and then for our analysts in turn to add their interpretation and produce the products for clients. We started an onshore U.S., Lower 48, exploration and production. And we're currently in the process of rolling that out to the global upstream this year. And the second part of the question, we're always looking for new data sets. But the wonderful thing about this automation and bringing on a new Chief Data Officer, Nabeel Azar, is he is tirelessly looking for new data sets, be them in the public domain, be them through partnerships or indeed, other routes.
Neal Anderson: Yes. No, absolutely. And it's a dual track. We're really excited about Lens both in terms of cross-selling into our existing customer base, and also we've had huge interest from new clients, new logos to Wood Mackenzie. So it's certainly been both. And the feedback that we've got from Lens, and it ranges very much customer by customer, some really love the user experience, how intuitive it is, that they can use it on their laptop, iPhone, iPad. Other folks love the dynamic nature of it. So we have put in various assumptions with our unique data sets. And if they want to change, then they can change that on the fly and recalculate valuations which would have taken minutes before in a matter of seconds. And then other folks really value that true integrated approach along the value chain, which we will continue to build and build and build over time.
Neal Anderson: Yes. No, absolutely. This is just one other avenue for sales force in terms of how they can support and service our customers.
Lee Shavel: Yes. Sure. So Manav, thanks for the question. We saw solid growth in that, the spend-informed analytics and fraud and credit risk management. So we described that as north of 10% year-over-year growth in that. The portfolio management was in the mid-single-digits range. That obviously is kind of the core of the business. And with regard to Enterprise Data Management, that is where we had a year-over-year decline but recognizing that, that reflects some of the implementation revenue in the first quarter. So that effect is concentrated within that sector. And it also continues to reflect across that business, the ongoing development and some of the greater choppiness associated with a new and developing business segment.
Lee Shavel: So Hamzah, thanks for the question. I think there is a way to think about it and it is, it revolves around CapEx. And so a lot of our investment takes the form in, of internally developed software and so that's captured in CapEx. And as we had discussed previously, a lot of the acceleration was associated with the ramp-up of Geomni and the purchase of planes and sensors to build scale in that business. And while we continue to invest in that business, it is at a lower level on, proportionally relative to revenues than it had been in the past. And hopefully, as you saw in this quarter, the capital intensity, in other words, the CapEx as a percentage of revenue, showed a decline relative to that level. And you saw in terms of the absolute growth rate a slower level of growth. And so I think that is one way to think about the level of capital intensity within the business. Beyond that, we have OpEx expenses associated with a number of our breakout initiatives and we expect that to continue to grow as we fund these new breakout initiatives across the business. Some of them are profitable, some of them are at an earlier stage where they may be lower-margin or not profitable yet. But across the board, we would expect that investment to continue to expand at a reasonable pace and scaled against our overall operating margin expansion that we seek to achieve.
Lee Shavel: So Andrew, I appreciate the question. Again, looking for guidance on margin. We are striving every quarter to increase our revenues at a higher rate than EBITDA. We achieved that this quarter despite investments and we'll continue to work to deliver on that. I think certainly as we said, the growth in this quarter was impacted by some tougher year-over-year comparisons, which I think diminish over time and so that certainly creates an opportunity for us to show some improvement ahead if we're successful there.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So I think you've captured many of the themes. So first of all, I will let you know that across all of the businesses, that would be the Xactware business, where the repair cost estimate continues to be very robust and strong. There was a little bit of storm-related revenue back in 1Q of '18. So we kind of grew over that. Our ClaimSearch or claims analytics business continues to be very well penetrated but very nicely growing. We continue to add new customers outside of insurance as well as some of the analytic solutions. We signed a lot of very large contracts last year, which spurred growth. So those are onboard this year and we continue to do well with those customers. And thirdly, inside that category, Geomni is clearly a contributor to growth from an organic perspective, and we continue to do well in taking customers and expanding the breadth of Geomni in the aerial imagery. So strength across the board.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So I first need to highlight the -- what we will refer to as our business focused on the pricing and underwriting and its -- the forms and coverage. That's a business that is kind of the foundation of Verisk for many, many years. It provides a very, very solid base. But at the same time, we're well penetrated and it's difficult for that business to grow all that dramatically. So what we've been trying to do is grow around that, and we have added many new products and tried to go international to accelerate that growth. And in those areas, we are seeing very high double-digit growth to accelerate the overall growth of underwriting and rating. So we're pleased with the investment that's being made. We're very pleased with the progress that's happening. But to answer your question, international is kind of one way we're going to try to extend and expand analytics beyond those core solutions, very important. And as I described, inside this category, in the quarter, cat bonds and the cat bond market was a little slow. But nonetheless, our catastrophe modeling continues to, on a baseline, grow nicely with some of those efforts. So I hope I provided you with a little bit of the portfolio and how we think about it to answer your question.
Mark Anquillare: Yes. I mean referenced kind of in a high level. From an international perspective, I think we found some very nice opportunities in the U.K., specifically in the London market. We are seeing customers who kind of see the vision, like the ability that consumer analytic and data in a way they see most comfortable, but know that we are behind the scenes seamlessly integrating it, which has created an opportunity to walk into a customer, talk about a suite of solutions and them coming to us and saying, Geez, don't you also have this product? Wouldn't that fit in? And in a surprisingly and very good way, contracts and opportunities are growing, and I give a lot of credit to the team in the UK and how all of our business have really thought about a way to satisfy our customers. That has been reassuring and it continues to show a lot of promise.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. So let me try to, so reminding you, what we have done is we've partnered with a lot of the OEMs, Honda, Hyundai, GM. And from the vehicle, we've harvested data. We're up to 5 million cars, 90 billion miles, and that is helping our insurers do either modeling themselves or use our programs to understand behavior of those drivers so they can get a better price with regard to insurance. There's also some insurance claims use cases where we can help get assistance and actually initiate a claim. What we're trying to do is provide this consortium of all data available around the vehicle to help our customers understand the risk and price it better. So what the mobile devices do is they can provide that same type of information with, by the way, consent from users, so that we have information about distance traveled, information about the quality of the driving, all of that about both the vehicle connected to the driver. In some cases in idea identified ways; in other cases, we know the vehicle. So it is a part of a broader strategy to aggregate as much information about a vehicle and about a driver to help the assessment of that risk. So hopefully, you can understand the expansive nature of what can be involved with telematics from the standpoint of the mobile phone as well as telematics from the vehicle itself, harvesting from OnStar, as an example.
