Mark Anquillare: First of all I think we feel very good about insurance, we delivered this year on kind of some strong organic growth, I think we feel well positioned for 2014, as you were to think about the quarter relative to third quarter we did highlight the fact that there was some onetime lurk that was done in third quarter that we probably make a little bit of an consistency between third and four [ph]. Going back to 2012 there is a lot of pluses and minuses there, I think the general trend is one that we look to across the year and it was a positive one. There is nothing that is systematic that would cause you to be a concern that this quarter was below what it was a year ago.
Mark Anquillare: I think the answer to your question we continue to see improved growth in underwriting in the quarter just quite up to what we had seen in the first three quarters of the year in a little bit to the point I made just a moment ago.
Mark Anquillare: So let me take on a couple of questions, the share count and you asked specifically where the share count was at the end of the year that was 171.1.
Mark Anquillare: In the year. I think we continue to feel very good about Argus, we highlighted that, we continue to feel that. There is multiple ways that they can expand both internationally into some new customer set as well as some new verticals as Scott highlighted. On a bigger base so we’re cautiously optimistic and I think we continue and kind of live by the mid-teens that we talked about.
Mark Anquillare: Sure. I wish I can tell you it's a smooth ramp, I think it will continue to be a little bit of an up and down. Let me describe it a little bit why, first of all I think we already highlighted this because of the sweeps is focused on satisfying our customers’ demands around submitting the reimbursement, everything happens or a lot happens in the second half of the year. That is typically being around that 55% to 60% so continue to keep that in mind and what we’re doing this year in ’14 is trying to demand capacity plans hopefully little more effectively with our customers which would even out some of the volumes there between third and fourth quarter. So I wish I could give you pointed information but I would continue to think about bias towards second half of the year with regards to overall revenue and third and fourth quarter hopefully we have a little bit more capacity planning which would drive a little more revenue in the third quarter, a little less in the fourth.
Mark Anquillare: Maybe I can just add to real quickly to the characterization, what we tried to put in place was long term contracts that had committed volume minimums. So those minimums there that gives us comfort it also gives us a long term relationship but inside those committed minimums they are full year minimums so just trying to get from our customers that capacity it's smooth over the year, it still continues to be they give it to us as they think…
Mark Anquillare: I think I will just try to highlight that we continue to feel very good about the opportunities insurance and that’s not just in well I call the DA businesses that goes across into risk assessment and we I think we continue to think about the opportunity being across a full spectrum of the insurance customers. We have optimism fourth quarter from your point it was down a bit in fourth quarter. I don’t think there is anything systematic there, it was really a little bit inside of underwriting as we described and we have quite the growth there that we had in past. We continue to believe that all of those businesses including risk assessment have an opportunity to expand and grow. I will highlight one thing though as you think about risk assessment. We did have that service provider, that contract that expired in fourth quarter of 2012, it's about $12 million that will continue to be in our ’14 numbers but ’13 did experience a onetime growth because of that contract expiration.
Mark Anquillare: So in fourth quarter we kind of use our capital for the best way possible, we felt like it was good at time and a good buying opportunity which we did do. At the same time we have now placed some capital through the use of acquisitions, EVT specifically and at a minimum we’re going to buy back shares to limit the dilution into 2014 that is our plan and we have just basically consistent targets that we continue to work through.  
Mark Anquillare: So I think what I will highlight is that sometimes those special projects do kind of move revenue into a quarter and it's good news but the fact that projects are there usually leads to more opportunity, more intense relationship. So although they are a little bit one time I think it kind of has some promising aspects to it and I feel that both EH&S and from a commercial perspective the world of climate, I think, provides us some upside into ’14.
Mark Anquillare: About 38.5, lot of good news one-time tax planning items are behind us and that is the new normalized lower rate going forward.
Mark Anquillare: I’m not sure we do those conclusions, let me just kind of go back at, we did spend a little less on aerial imagery as we kind of got towards the end of the year whether it's flying conditions or flight plans. There is an opportunity you know to not gather as much information as we had anticipated that they push off and we will push off into 2014 that is a fact. As far as the margins into 2014 I’m not sure we’re going to start commenting by quarter I think we tried to give you a little bit of color for ’14, we have a view that this should be generally flattish. Scott highlighted that from a DA perspective we will see some scale there so he has talked about flattish plus and from an RA perspective I think we do kind of expect and see a little bit of some ramping investment in RA. So probably you won't see the same type of scale in RA in ’14 that probably saw on ’13 that was overall characterization.
Mark Anquillare: Yeah I’m not sure we exactly know the timing of that right now, it's certainly in the first half of ’14, yes.
Mark Anquillare: Let me take the first, I think that many of our businesses don’t really institute price increases as I think about healthcare as an example. Maybe focus in a little bit on is inside of our P&C business, some of our traditional industry standard programs we have kind of a January one invoice that comes out. I think what we have tried to do is we have highlighted time and time again and said we think of insurance customers are selling and buying a large group of products from us and those invoices around industry standard programs, we've tried to keep the approach consistent.  We haven't done anything that would cause them, you have to really think too hard about those invoices, we want them to think about new products in extension of solution across the full suite of the enterprise in Verisk. So business as usual I would say on the risk assessment side of pricing and that would be true of also our what I call claims search invoices that's inside of our Decision Analytics set of solutions for insurance.
Mark Anquillare: I think I will go back to I will highlight one 2013 items that we mentioned this about $12 million item that came into ’13 it will continue into ’14 but there won't be any growth. That item was related to a service provider that expired the contract that expired in ’12. We feel across the insurance operations, very strong. So we feel good. The fourth quarter was a couple of items, primarily inside of I will call it underwriting but the DA insurance business is performing well. It was, you know 4Q is higher than 1Q it's on the right ramp it's on the right trend and I would just highlight you that there is nothing systematic in what you see there. It is over the long term, over the year. I think we will continue to deliver in insurance, I think we’re getting into the right type of conversations with our customers you know walking at the very senior levels having conversations about climate, about their book of business, around profitability. That puts us in a great position to really talk about the suites of solutions that we have to help them really profit. So I think we’re making progress.
Scott Stephenson: There is a couple of things but particularly with respect to the Medicare Advantage business which is the part which is very transaction oriented, there are activities related to chart retrieval and then coding in order to abstract the data out of the chart and those are the things which have to flex up as the unit volumes go up and that’s what we had to put more time and energy into and that is one of the aspects of the business as Mark was mentioning before that we’re working to achieve the highest possible level of automation.
Scott Stephenson: It's more of that, that’s right. I mean there is an aspect of the actual volume that we work which is in reaction to our customers. We want to be supportive of them because they are our own business result hinges upon what we do. So and they have a greater volume it's our desire to respond to it. We don’t always know from them exactly what those volumes are going to be, so we try to remain a little bit nimble and able to flex with them.
Scott Stephenson: Yeah so let me kick off there as we have mentioned in the past there is a seasonality to the work that we’re doing, in fact different aspects of what we’re doing Verisk Health have different seasonal cycles. But there is a back half quality to what it is that we do in the healthcare space overall and we would expect that to continue to be the case this year.
Scott Stephenson: Well there is in the Medicare Advantage stage there is a process by which the Medicare Advantage plans have to make their submissions to CMS in order to drive their revenue outcome and all of that times out this year it times out on February the 14, and so there is a lot of activity through the end of Q4 and even a little bit into the first quarter just try to respond to that deadline and that’s what we were referring to.
Scott Stephenson: Well there are multitude of ways in which the Argus business grows which is one of the reasons why it's such a wonderful business in addition to the extremely propriety nature of the data they have got but the business consists of multiple sets of solutions that are provided to retail banks which include the basically the contributory data studies analytic solutions and a suite of services which are built around the analytics solutions as well as actually licensing the analytic platform that we have built back to some of our customers and all of that in the context of the opportunity to grow the business globally. In addition to all of that we’re increasingly finding ways to try to repurpose the data to tie in what’s happening in the retail banking channel with what’s happening in other vertical markets to specifically into the world of trying to observe patterns of consumer spending and how they respond to promotion and advertising whether it's broadcast or online. And all of those are part of the Argus story and will continue to be as we go forward.
Scott Stephenson: We’re feeling good about the business though and we’re very focused on organic growth and one of the things I would just say is that our case is built on a very broad base. There are I mean we basically do not accept that any part of our business is mature. And so even within the longest standing solution sets we've got, we are asking for innovation and new forms of value for our customer. So we’re looking in a case which is built very broadly across the entire company.
Scott Stephenson: Right, so we’re still in the early stages. Last time we talked about we reported that we had two companies participating that’s still where we’re at but we do have a couple of name brands companies that are deep into conversation with us and this is very definitely one of those network effect businesses and so as we can get more companies into the process the value is going to grow not arithmetically but more geometrically. Even so even with the first two we’re very encouraged by the amount of value that we have been able to point to for our first two beta customers in relatively short period of time. So we’re very encouraged.
Scott Stephenson: So let me take that on, first of all I don’t want to over characterize in sort of any given period the degree to which we can actually shift the revenue mix from transactional to subscription. So you may be thinking about comments we have made where we would always have that in mind as a goal and over longer periods of time our experience has been that in data analytics business you do tend to move with time from transactional to subscription, partly because our customers would like to have relatively greater certainty about what it is that they are going to be paying us through time. So that is a general view that we have on the business and a general ambition that we would have for the business, but we would not want to over characterize our ability in any given period to move the market in that way because particularly with something like Medicare Advantage where you have had such substantial expansion in transaction volumes, our customers would not really know exactly how to project where individually they're headed and therefore they wouldn't really know how to write subscription contract around that. So you may have heard us express that as a preference but I don't want to give you the impression that that's something that we feel can be moved around, you know, particularly strongly at any given moment in time. And with respect to what went on in the business in the fourth quarter when we were talking about third quarter we had talked about four accounts in particular and we can report that actually that’s the cumulative effect of those four accounts in the fourth quarter was actually slightly above what we had expected.
Scott Stephenson: I think that we are and will remain an evolving organization for some time just by way of reference and I think most of you know this but in 2013 our healthcare business was five times larger than it was three years prior in 2010. So there has been a great deal of growth. And obviously we’re intending to continue to grow the business and growth implies that we’re going to be creating a solution that we’re going to be improving the processes and the products that we already have out in the marketplace and on top of which the really important contextual point here we have a business that is material now inside of Verisk and yet at the same time when you look at the healthcare space overall we’re still a small to midsize. There are several companies which are in the data analytics space who are larger than we’re, and so we still have a long way to go I guess it's the way that I would put it and lots of opportunities to try to continue to improve the way we do what it is we do whether it's acquiring yet more proprietary data or enhancing the automation inside of what is that we do and as our colleagues inside of our healthcare business know every time we’re together and we’re together a lot talking about the business it's basically about how can we continue to reinvent this business through data analytics and enhanced processes and so I think there will continue to be opportunities to do that over longer periods of time. It's still an evolving and dynamic business and that’s in that is where the growth opportunity exists.
Scott Stephenson: So first of all going back to what Mark had mentioned before when you look at continuing ops what we said is we think that 2014 will be flattish relative to what they were in ’13 for continuing ops. So that’s kind of the near term horizon, the long term horizon is Mark did talk about the range being 45 to 47 and that we’re kind of oriented around the midpoint. And the way we think about that is we are very determined to make sure that we see the top line growing organically while at the same time making sure that EBITDA and free cash are also advancing in-line and that free cash flow it's more than keeping up with EBITDA growth. So that’s kind of the equation we’re working and the sort of the good news about where we said is that as we ask for more innovation from the organization we’re actually getting it and so we’re in kind of in opportunity rich environment is what it feels like. And so we’re leaning into the opportunities to invest. The one thing to bear in mind is that we are a business-to-business data analytics company. Our customers are sober minded, businesses who will diligence process and expect proof of concept before they buy into them and they should because they're trying to run their businesses with the steadiness and so the effect of all of that is that a great new solution can take a while to find it's way to market and so the balancing point then is we’re investing today and innovation tends to commercialize over longish periods of time in an environment like ours and so those are all the things that we will be playing with as we try to advance the business top and bottom line.
Scott Stephenson: Well we’re still communicating the range that we talked about there, so we did talk 45 to 47 and we did talk about the midpoint being a reference for us and we’re going to actually take a count of real-time conditions on the ground basically as we move into ’15 and a lot of that has to do with just how innovative is our organization being.
Scott Stephenson: So we really, one of the things that we talk about as frequently is that we really see the all of what we’re doing insurance as an as an integrated whole. When we sit down with our customers, our largest customers. We don't really tend to have when we’re having our relationship discussions they tend not to be focused on individual products whether they are RA or DA, it tends to really be the totality of relationship and so in that context what we’re looking for is the overall result, the overall organic results and therefore the, we’re certainly paying attention to what’s happening with each of the products line but we’re really looking for the overall result. All of that said I think that in DA I believe that the margins will be firm in 2014 relative to 2013. Firm plus but the exact outcome, we’re kind of, we’re adjusting as we go inside the context of customer relationships.
Scott Stephenson: So I did comment earlier about for customer situations from the third quarter and for the way that that generally is played out in the fourth quarter. But we’re generally, we’re really led by where the customers are and there are some customers that are going to be more concerned about knowing that they have capacity to flex if they find that their own volumes are moving and there are others who want to try to cut it more closely in terms of sort of not really laying in capacity but rather sort of in essence taking the risk that their needs can be met even if they haven't signaled them with great precision beforehand and so in that sense we’re just responding to what it is that the customers need and want, and I can’t say that I’m aware of any sort of major trends in that area one way or the other. Our preference always as I said before would be to have the certainty that it is associated with a license agreement and a subscription but that being our preference doesn’t mean that we can necessarily make that happen in the marketplace where it can be done, that would be our preference but we’re following our customers around in this regard.
Scott Stephenson: At Investor Day we’re going to actually talk a little bit more about what’s going on inside of the pool data initiative and I think you will benefit from hearing about that directly from our people in the business.
Scott Stephenson: We’re always taking into account all the moving parts in the business. So we will be working on that with our Board and the comp [ph] committee et cetera to determine where the target should be put but generally we want the targets to reflect the reality of where the business is. We will definitely spend time on that.
Scott Stephenson: So there is actually I think two questions in there Jeff so let me try and grab them both. The first thing I would say is our preference which again would be we like to be in a subscription relationship and generally our experience has been overtime that’s where our customers would like to be once they get a handle on their transaction volumes so that with confidence could know in essence what they are signing up for when they sign the subscription agreement because if you’re going to enter into an all you can drink kind of a relationship you would like to know how much you’re likely to drink and what the alternative would look like if you can get it on a per drink basis. So that’s the preference when we actually look at our business. I would say that there are puts and takes, the healthcare business has off late it has grown more on the transactional side. On the other hand, when we look at say diversified financial services, there have been some gains there with respect to subscriptions and I think that in insurance space I think it is highly committed and stable actually and actually we have made some gains in say the commercial property part of our business. So there is puts and takes but I think at the margin I would say outside of healthcare we’re probably becoming slightly more subscription oriented.
Scott Stephenson: Well what we have put out there is by the end of the second quarter and we have mentioned that we are paced by two things one is regulatory approval and the other is just working through with the shareholders who are the current owners of EVT but that’s the track that we think we’re on. July kind of early July would actually be the very specific target.
Scott Stephenson: So first of all we remain very focused on that part of the agenda. We believe that it's been very value adding for our investors over a long period of time and as long as we continue to operate strategically inside of that agenda. We think it will continue to be a value creating for our shareholders. We see opportunities across all the vertical markets to try to support and amplify what it is that we’re doing on the acquisition front. So I wouldn’t really buttonhole it anywhere. As we have said in the past because of where we fit in the healthcare space today there are certainly a very large number of companies out there that would logically be on our radar screen and at Investor Day we will talk a little bit more also about the way that we partner in order to relate to that world. And so partnering is also sort of an early step in the M&A agenda. But we see it as a very broad based, a very broad based kind of activity. If I was to point at any trends I suppose there would be and you can just see this in what we have done the size of the deals have gotten somewhat larger and I think that’s likely to remain the case, that’s not to say that we won't do smaller tuck-ins but our deal size has gotten somewhat bigger and I think it's likely to continue to be that way. 
Scott Stephenson: What I said very specifically was we talked about four customer situations on our third quarter call. Three of them were about the timing of getting started and one of them was about volume responding to pricing and the comment that I made was the net effect of all four of those was to be performing somewhat higher than we actually expected going into the fourth.  
Scott Stephenson: I don’t really think of it as being bound up exactly in that. If you’re talking about existing products to existing customers, I feel like in essence we’re constantly being diligent by the marketplace and there is such a strong relationship and this is going really be highlighted when we’re with you on Investor Day by our healthcare team. There is such a strong relationship between the quality of our execution and our growth opportunity and so our customers are perpetually able to observe how we’re executing and delivering for them and I think that they are kind of constantly taking that into account as they think about how much work they want to do with us. And we talked before about the fact that we have got a wide range of solutions and a big part of our opportunity is to cross sell those solutions and so again I’m just back to if we execute and I think our execution is very evident to our customers then that is supportive of our opportunity to introduce new products. So I don’t think of it is bound up in any given moment in time.
Scott Stephenson: We are paying a lot of attention to way that the business actually operates. Our growth opportunity is not a function of young clever resegmentation of the market that we haven't seen before or some new concept even though we’re introducing new solutions all the time but some fundamentally different view of what we’re doing. Our growth opportunity is very tightly related to the quality with which we deliver on the things that we currently do. And so essentially the very first job for our new leadership which by the way wasn’t part of the business, so it's not sort of this completely from the outside sort of a perspective but what we really ask Nadine and team to do was to just intensify the focus on the quality of your operation and the nature of our operation and that’s really stem to stern statement. So that applies to all the different lines of business we do, all the different solutions and all the different customers that we serve but what we have really tried to emphasize is we must do high quality work at these very highly elevated volumes that we have achieved over the last couple of years and that everything else follows that, our growth follows that everything is dependent upon that and I have been very happy with the amount of attention that the entire team has given to all of that. I mean it's everything, if I was to try to give it to you functionally, the categories are the same as everything that we do. We have got to extract, transform and load data, we have to interpret data, have to then analyze data. We then have to create platforms by which we deliver data and analytic back to our customers. And one of the things on top of that that we have the opportunity to do in the healthcare space particularly it's normalized the data that comes in for different reasons but to normalize so that we have one common set of data definitions and we have achieved that. But it's the all of that, it's not as if there is just one thing where if you pull on the lever all of a sudden it works the way that it's supposed to. It's a very complicated business and it's a very complicated set of steps to get the results that our customers want. So it's a big agenda, we have got a good team that’s very actively on that.
Scott Stephenson: Well I think that what we did there certainly relates to the principles that we run the business by and I would say always have run the business by. We want to be very differentiated with respect to our intellectual property and our proprietary data and analytics and we would like to be facing markets that are inherently healthy, relatively non-cyclical. We’re very focused on competitive advantage and, so essentially our view of who we are as a business has not changed at all. What moved was just the underlying market being served by our mortgage business. I think we have talked in the past about the fact that transaction volumes in the mortgage market as recently as 2006 were about four times as large as they are today. And so we just needed to take account of that as we thought about our allocation of capital and put that in the context of all the other ways that we can deploy capital and just drew the conclusion that we had a greater number of opportunities given who we’re in other marketplaces, but fundamentally I'm very impressed with our management team and everything and I think that First American will be a very logical home for the business. So now just all of that was a part of our sort of decisioning and so I'm not sure that I could really point to any lessons that we have learned from that. I feel like it's the logical extension of what we've always been doing which is trying to behave strategically and to be very thoughtful about where our capital is deployed.
Scott Stephenson: Well thank you and thanks to everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your ongoing interest in our company and support, and I just want to say that I hope that all of you can be with us at our upcoming Investor Day on March the 6th, we will be as we have in the past, we will be highlighting several of our solutions. Giving you a chance to really touch them and see how they operate as well as having a live panel of our senior leadership with us to discuss the various parts of our business and so we’re looking forward to that event on March the 6th and hope to see all of you there. And thanks for your time today.
