David Turner: Yes, Marty, this is David. So from the time-to-time, we'll have some credits that go sideways on us, this particular quarter we had really one large credit in the unfunded commitment that caused $11 million increase there and the charge for that we run through non-interest expense, and you'll see over quarters the volatility that can have, pluses and minuses, we expected that credit would fund in the third quarter, but believed it was important for us to continue to have an unfunded reserve for that today. From an Oreo and Health for sales [ph] standpoint again just a couple of credits that happen to be large and we had some write-downs that we believed needed to take place, so we kept valuation adjustments in total of that $9 million. So you're spot on, between the two there was about $20 million of charge that we had to take during the quarter.
David Turner: Sure, so I mean we’ve -- over the past six years we've made a lot of changes and people and process, content of our whole balance sheet has changed dramatically. The most obvious one is the decline in investor real estate which represented almost 30% of our loan portfolio at one time. Today it's about at, call it 9% -- right at 9%. The credit discipline that we have with regards to how we approach business is very different and you know we feel good, we have our hands around our loan portfolio, energy has been a challenge for our industry and those of us that participate in it, but our concentration risk management program that we have in place has reduced the impact -- negative impact we've otherwise have had. Being the largest bank headquarters in the Gulf State we have now about 3% of our loan portfolio in energy and we've talked about the reserves, the 9.4% reserves so we believe we have that covered. There's some volatility and uncertainty there, we feel like we're on top of that. As we think about our commitment to continue to grow our cash flow, our PP&R, look at the investments that we've made over time, those investments are paying off as we continue to grow and diversify our revenue stream and we've had a fairly consistent margin if you look at that. And then I'll wrap up with expense management. We have a $300 million target out there, where we said we'd take 35% to 45% of that in the first year, we're on track with where we want to be and I gave you guidance as to where we thought we'd finish the year. So it's very different regions and a very different approach to business and the stability of growth in tangible book value. We've been leveraging our earnings well and returning mid 90% of our capital back to our shareholders in the form of a dividend around 30% of that earnings and you know 60 plus percent in terms of share buyback. So we think we're deploying our capital effectively. So good business, good markets, good customers and executing against the strategic plan that we laid out in October for our board and at investor day.
David Turner: That's right, just taking kind of where we are today and looking at the investments we've made and what’s in the pipeline, we feel that we will most likely be at the higher end of that, we'll give you a better guidance one more quarter out, but we feel confident to be able to lean towards the higher end of the range.
David Turner: Well, you can have -- we haven’t placed it in any given quarter, we really are trying to guide more to the full year than any given quarter. You can have at times spikes in expense from one quarter to the next, but we'd rather just stick with the guidance for the full year than -- more expensively [ph] -- flat modestly from 2015.
David Turner: Yes, so the first quarter did benefit from a couple of things. We exchanged the policy into the different product and we always had a plan. Where we are right now is about where you ought to expect that for the rest of the year.
David Turner: Certainly, from a NIM standpoint we are really trying to growth NII, but NIM will be continued pressure at this rate environment stays where it is and I would expect you can have four to six more points of compressions for the remainder of the year. But as we think about growing NII, we do it from a couple of different spots, one growing earnings assets which is really on the funding side, deposit side and then putting those that growth into -- in good solid loan growth where we can get compensated for the risk that we are taking, where we can get compensated for having a full customer relationship versus just renting out the balance sheet from a credibility standpoint. It’s very hard to make money if you're just making loans only. So, we're challenging our teams where we have relationship that’s a credit only relationship to figure out how we recycle that capital into a more fulsome relationship with a customer. So, just because we don't have the loan growth doesn't mean we can't continue to grow NII if we execute that program appropriately. So that's kind of how we think about NII going forward.
David Turner: Again we've landed on 3% for the full year and we're working hard to take where we're right now to continue to grow. It's obviously very challenging given the rate environment, what’s rolling off versus what's going on flattening of the yield curve. So we have some reinvestment risks with regards to the securities portfolio, but we think if we will execute, we can continue to have some modest growth in NII and again we believe strongly in the 3% growth for the year.
David Turner: We don't have any major change anticipated. We haven't extended integration [ph] in little over three year right now. It's been that way for a while. We don't look to make that change. We have a risk profile in the securities book like we want it to be, so we haven't look for a lot of wholesale changes from basically the mortgage backs that we have there today. So as you're pointing currently the risks versus that reinvestment yield going as tenure continues to have pressure on us, we will put pressure on our return on the securities book, but we don't believe the risk of trying to change that dramatically is worth it to us right now. So you've kind of answered I think your own question.
David Turner: Yes, so you know Avant is still in the early stages, we'll launch that in August. So it's premature for us to comment, we think it can be accretive to us over time, but the way we're treating some of these investments that we're making is, we're not taking a lot of risk, we're trying some things, we're seeing what we can learn, we're seeing how we can better serve our existing customer base with these opportunities so we think it'll work for us, but you know again too early to tell, we'll update you as we go through the third quarter and into the fourth.
David Turner: So, we have as you now see reserves of about 9.4%, those reserves are established based in large part due to the risk ratings we assign, they come from our work and our credit team’s work and also evaluated by our regulatory supervisors. In terms of what ultimate losses are? We'll have to see if we continue to get stabilization in higher oil price than that reduces are pressure and risk of ultimate charge offs, but I would say that given the volatility that we see in the prices it'd be premature to see how those reserves would come back into income in the short term. I think we need to let that play out over a little longer period of time.
David Turner: We have a process that we go through, [indiscernible] anything unusual that's a pretty good yes, that being said as credit continues to improve across the board and risk ratings change then you don't have to provide for those losses and that would be the indicator of where the provision could be less in charge offs. We need to let our model run and trying to forecast that out is probably not the best thing for us to do.
David Turner: So Erika it’s a good question, I tried to address a little bit of that in the prepared comments. When we -- so we have the $300 million expense elimination program, we're on track with that, we're really are challenging ourselves, if you think of a couple of a things, one, how do we -- some of those savings actually through our model started 2018 and so the question is what can we do that’s prudent, makes sense to move into 2017? That'll take some work, we'll come back as we get later in the year and start giving you a little better guidance of the '17, we'll give you an update on that. The second would be, there's a -- we have a lot of rationale that went around the $300 million, it was roughly 9% of our expense base. But we're going to go back and challenge ourselves to think through how we might change that over time. Again we need to be very thoughtful, we need to make sure we don't benefit the short term at the expense of the long term. The franchise building that we are trying to do. We want sustainable franchise value, we don't want just short term. So its get trickier as we start thinking in these terms, but we believe rates, you have to have the mindset that rates are going to be lower for longer and this is something we can't control. So, we have more work to do here and we’re look forward to the challenge.
David Turner: Well it really just depends John in terms different products. On the C&I space, we haven't seen spreads changed dramatically there, but if you are 225 over you're working against yourself that portfolio yielding yields today about 3.5%, and so as we think about how to combat some of this, wanted to get deeper relationship, we're not often having to look just at spread because the spread is only a component part of the income we get from the customer basis. The other is NII sources that helped rounded out. So it's in fact we had a lower spread asset we look for relationship, we can do with that, it's having a low spread without the relationship that’s the problem. So I think that also how to combat this would be the consumer growth, we grew consumer loans about $300 million, we've had nice production in consumer where we're getting paid for that risk and that's helping to combat the downward pressure on loan yields. So our loan yields from the first quarter we’re only down 2 basis points, that’s the mixed shift and remixing of business that we're trying to make in our total balance sheet to be more profitable to get better return to our shareholders.
David Turner: If you look at that we've made lots of investments in capital markets you see in the growth there, but also in terms of service charges and credit card, ATM card kind of growth, all that's really coming from poor consumer household growth [ph]. We're seeing better consumer growth across the communities we serve, more broadly than we've seen in the past. We really are pleased with the progress we've made in the customer experience in our consumer business and the results really are starting to come through and we think that that continues to be a good story. Additionally, we've made several investments in our wealth management offerings, you know wealth management had a good quarter this quarter, we think that continues and has the prospect of even improving. So you know overall very good story this quarter.
David Turner: It's more broad than it’s been in the past and you know you're correct and historically we had a very strong growth out in the state of Florida, that -- Florida continues to be a very critical market for our franchise, but growth is much more broad than it's ever been historically in the company that's been purposeful on our part, we very much try to make sure that we're not only diversifying our business by product but we're diversifying it by geography and we've made very conscious investments to improve the production of our consumer and our wealth management business as well as wholesale across all the communities that we serve.
David Turner: Yes, Matt it's David, so you know we have to go back to kind of the exam that we had the results our core CRA program continues to be robust, we have a lot of assessment areas specially relative to anybody else in the country and we do a good job, our team is really committed to the customers and communities that we serve and we feel like we're doing a pretty good job there. We did have an issue that was outstanding from another regulatory fee was considered and so we're going through, we had to go through another exam cycle for that to get cleared up, the timing of which is completely dependent on our regulatory supervisors and we believe we've done everything we need to continue to work through this and we hope that the conclusion is favorable when that is concluded upon by our regulatory supervisors.
David Turner: So, Vivek this is -- we've had in kind of the mid 30s in terms of premium amortization, we do expect that to increase modestly over the second half of the year, maybe up $5 million to $7 million each of the quarters, third and fourth quarter, just dependent on prepayments that come in, we see the refinance activities that’s occurring through pipelines and at volume for us so we can project that out a little bit in terms of prepayment fees and expect it will tick up just a bit. Now that being said that is embedded in our forecast of our NII growth which we say would be somewhere in the right at the 3% range for the year.
David Turner: So, we've -- like over time we've mentioned to get to our capital targets and bring those down over time, if you look at the CCAR continuing to address a couple of things there, one, the stress is in each of the portfolios, we have some learning's that we can take from that as we reshape certain of our businesses to take out risk which then reduces the amount of capital you need to have in particular in a stressed environment. We did not have -- go over a 100% of earnings, we did have a couple of regional players that did for the first time. For us, we want to make sure we optimize our capital structure in terms of the nature of the components, so preferred stock and common stock alike and make sure that that's optimized and overtime we will do that to reduce our cost of equity. But I think working on the stresses is apparent [ph] in the balance sheet which we've done and you've seen that come down in places like commercial real estate losses came down quite dramatically. But still high. And so how do we change our business model overtime to reduce the amount of capital we have to have so that we can either put it to work if there is opportunity to grow loans and when there is not returning that capital to our shareholders especially when you've traded it, when we traded at tangible book value.
David Turner: Yeah, Gerard it's a good question. So, we've been one of the lower loan deposit ratios. I think getting up a few more points perhaps in the upper 80s, lower 90s is the right place for us to be. In the good old days it would be over a 100% when you could rely on wholesale funding and that you could take money out every night, that really -- that market doesn't operate that way. So, I would say upper 80s lower 90s. I do think the construct and the deposits we have given the LCR framework deposits, certain deposits are as useful to us and in particular as we think about liquidity. Those process that are collateralized provide little liquidity value to us and that value really stems from the diversification of funding more so than actual liquidity because we’re having a most [ph] of our best security for it. So, I think you will see that drift up a bit overtime, the pace of which is hard to tell.
David Turner: I think, one, is since I guess since 2007-2008 we've closed the consolidated over 500 branch offices. We have a very good process for that. I think that from our perspective, we continue to see that how do the process for consolidating those offices really have to do a lot with customer communication and how you equip and train and staff the receding offices. And to the extent, if the receding offices is at relatively close proximity and we would say that close proximities within 10 miles of the other branch that you're seeing very-very good success with virtually no losses in customers in that regard. We do think that alternative channels ATM, call center, mobile, online all of those other channels provide us an opportunity to provide strong connectivity to the customer and while we're seeing branches losing traffic in the sort of 3% to 5% a year range, we're seeing tremendous growth in the online and mobile channels. So we think continuing to add functionality there enhances the customer experience, it enhances the retention of those customers. But I would say all of it has to be done, you have to do all those things well in order to have a successful consolidation. But great question is one that we continue to adjust and fine-tune on a regular basis.
David Turner: I think if you look at Texas and Louisiana on those slides, very important markets for us and a much more diversified market than you would have seen a few years ago and even though we're seeing obvious stress from our customers that are directly or indirectly tied to the energy business. We're seeing an off a lot of strength in other industries, we're seeing an off a lot of opportunities that still provide banking services in those markets and so we're still very confident about our ability to grow there.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean as David mentioned earlier we continue to see some softness in our wholesale sales pipeline and if you look strategically what we try to do with that business is to build out a lot of the product offerings we have primarily in capital markets and also in treasury management. So that we can generate a very reasonable return on invested capital in that business and the capital markets group is a place that we've made significant investments, we continue to believe that those have been thoughtful and smart investments, we have demonstrated a very strong growth this year, we continue to challenge the team and in terms of what the growth capabilities are of that activity. We're coming from a relatively low base so the percentage is remarkably high, but we have not publicly stated a percentage increase goal, but we do believe strongly and confidently that that’s a business that we can continue to grow overtime at an above rate level to other parts of our business.
Grayson Hall: I think where we try to compete is in the lower end of the commercial market and you are seeing a lot of our competitor demonstrate growth, a lot of that growth has been in the higher end of commercial into the corporate space. But, when you look at that middle market CNI customer we are seeing a lower level of demand for lending to support capital spending. I would tell you that in energies, is an obvious place where that has occurred, but you do see it, you do see that spread across a number of different commercial industries as there has been obviously a strengthening of the U.S. dollar and some uncertainty created by a lot of events, both globally and domestically. So I wouldn't say it's limited to one particular industry it seems to be more broad based than that. But yes, if you look at credit quality, commercial is still very good. We've had a really good experience now for several quarters in a row. We still expect it to be good, but it's modestly slow, modestly weaker than what we saw a quarter ago and at the same time we’re just not seeing the new and renewed production that we were seeing this time last year.
Grayson Hall: I would just reiterate, we continue to see solid loan growth opportunities on the consumer side of our balance sheet and we expect that to continue, we don’t see a reason at this point in time to not believe that continues and the health of that consumer customers continue to be remarkably strong. Now on the wholesale side, our focus continues to be in the lower end of that commercial middle markets space and we're trying to be much more regress, much more thoughtful and certainly more disciplined at this point in the credit cycle to make sure that what we're putting on our balance sheet make sense, that it has a reasonable return and a full relationship as David said.
Grayson Hall: I think that we were pleased with the performance of our mortgage claim this quarter, again the mix of business that we placed on the books this quarter about 75% repurchased in about 25% refinanced -- purchased and refinanced. We do expect to have a good third quarter based off what we're seeing today. We have seen a shift in the application volume. I would tell you that instead of being about 75-25 it appears to be shifting more 60-40 in terms of purchase versus refinance, so we should see that shift in this quarter, but think we'll have a good quarter. Traditionally if you look at our numbers, second and third quarter are always our strongest mortgage origination quarters. So absent any change that we don't see today we think we outta have good progress going forward.
Grayson Hall: I mean we've been getting a good feedback from our customers on our own line experience and you know we mentioned earlier in the call we've gotten some recent recognition in that regard and ironically we're in the process even as we speak refreshing our own line and mobile experiences for our customers. We're launching that as we speak and then Avant will be in August as David said. We think it's just one more way of trying to provide a better experience for our customers in both the online and mobile channels, but it'll be incremental to what we're doing. Good consumer numbers, I think we were extremely pleased overall with consumer numbers this quarter across all channels, one of the better quarters we've had.
Grayson Hall: I mean well, first of all foundation of our business is built off customer trust, without customer trust our business model doesn't work and so we are very sensitive to anything we do that involves customer data and the privacy of that data, the confidentiality protection of that data. So we have very extensive risk management reviews, our due diligence process is very rigorous and will continue to be. That being said cyber security is an area that we're all challenged with today, but spending an awful lot of resource and time on it, but there's nothing more important to us than the trust of our customers, with their information and their assets.
Grayson Hall: We have been in this environment for a good long while and we've learned how to manage through it. We've had to really defend our margin, defend the credit culture that we're trying to build in terms of how we grow and build our loan portfolio and managing expenses in this lower for longer environment has just got to be a skill set that we continue to exercise and deploy. We've been very aggressive on branch consolidations, we think we know how to do that and do it well. But, I think that as David said is that in a lower than longer forecast and we have to go back and just continue to re-challenge ourselves and redefine how we manage through this for a longer period of time.
Grayson Hall: That’s a great question, it’s one we've spent some time ourselves internally sort of discussing and debating and clearly part of the weakness we're seeing is just general market demand for credit and if you look at top of company and domestic U.S. numbers the level of fixed capital spending by wholesale customers continues to be below historical proportions and we're seeing net end demand for credit, but at the same time you also hear us talking about making sure that we got full relationships and we are getting paid a reasonable return for providing banking services to our clients. So we need a full relationship to do that. The return on the credit only relationship is just not sufficient, but we also have been very disciplined in making sure that we have diversity in our balance sheet and so there are certain asset categories that our risk appetite is full filled on and so we've been more judicious about not adding more of that product type to our balance sheet and we're absolutely committed to staying diversified. I think if you look at it today, we would say it's about half and half, about half of it’s the market and about half of it is disciplined that we're invoking. I'd also remind you that when you look at our loan growth for this quarter, keep in mind the reduction in energy loans that we've achieved over the past quarter then it's been a -- there is a story there that without that reduction in energy growth in our wholesale book would have been much stronger.
Grayson Hall: I mean that, we look at the indirect portfolio we’ve been growing it quite steadily, starting off from a relatively small base, we've been very selective on where we participate in that market, we've been very selective in the auto space and we've been very selective in a number of point of sales spaces that we participate in and we continue as to test the production that's going on the book and we do believe that expected losses in this portfolio we're targeting them to be less than 2.5%.
Grayson Hall: And Gerard if you look at our deposits this quarter, core deposits is really a very good story. We've created a much more favorable mix of deposits and we've reduced some of our deposits to David's point they are less attractive under LCR, but also less attractive at the end of the day from a liquidity perspective and so while our deposits were down modestly at the top of the company this quarter actually core deposits, core deposits that we find attractive were actually up and the liquidity in the company actually improved. And so we continue to believe that the core value this franchise really is a deposit gatherer and we continue to have a very good story there and a good message back and so I think that to David's point there was a time when you could fund loans in a very different way, but today best way to fund loans is with core deposits and we think in that high 80s low 90s would optimize the earnings power of this company. But we're going to need good solid organic loan growth to make that occur.
Grayson Hall: Thank you very much for your attendance and participation today, really appreciate your questions and your interest and thank you, we strand adjourned [ph].
Barbara Godin: Yes, this is Barbara Godin. Energy as you said did go down, we saw some other movements as we look at some of the other areas that we have considered to be a little soft that would be agriculture, some transportation and primary metals. So, we're keeping an eye on that, we're being very cautious. In those categories we're watching them and as we see signs that there is any deterioration, we’re immediately [ph] moving it into a special mention category and so that's -- that accounts for the increase there.
Barbara Godin: This is Barbara, I will say Michael that with oil even at $50 or higher a barrel, that certainly helps the E&P companies first, but the oil field services company they can't delay, so again the reason for us putting out the 50 to 75 between now against next year.
Barbara Godin: Yes Erika, I think you hit the nail on the head relative to the reserve, it’s made up of different groupings. Of course E&P as I said will benefit from higher oil prices where we see them in the $60 to $70 a barrel range that's great for the E&P Company, but again even at that level oil field services companies will continue to be challenged, it takes them longer to restructure and get back on their feet. So again, the extended tail on the oil field services and as we think of our provisions roughly two-thirds of our provision right now is established against the oil field services sub sector in our book.
