O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. Regions is entering the final quarter of 2012 with a solid foundation for growth, a foundation that we are strengthening each and every quarter. We are diversifying and improving our business mix to help maximize our growth opportunities, as well as identifying and building profitable revenue streams that have the potential to expand throughout the current economic cycle. We are focused on improving our productivity and efficiency, including controlling our day-to-day expenses, undertaking initiatives to streamline operations and investing in technology that enhances delivery and productivity. We're working hard to understand customers' needs and offer advice, guidance, and the best products and services will help them make better financial decisions. We believe we can create the kind of shared value our communities need to thrive by offering competitive products that are delivered in a transparent and trustworthy manner. And finally, we remain disciplined in our risk management, committed to growth that is both prudent and profitable. While our work isn't complete, I am confident the business plans we're executing will lead to ultimate outperformance for Regions and reward our stakeholders over the long term. Operator, with that, we're now ready to take questions.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Be glad to. When you look at the guidance we've given after the second quarter, we thought the migration to nonperforming status would be in the $300 million to $400 million range. If you look at what happened in the quarter and you look at sort of our loan portfolio today, and in particular the distressed loans in our portfolio, we've really gotten our portfolio down to the point that, even though we've gotten very granular, there still is the opportunity for just a handful of credits to move that number from one quarter to another. If you look at our overall credit trends, we continue to be favorably encouraged. Most of our trends have a very favorable direction to them. And if you look at the composition of those loans, we continue to believe that for the fourth quarter, we'll be back in that $300 million to $400 million range. In addition, as David had indicated earlier, if you look, there are a few credits that were late in the quarter making that transition, but early in this quarter, leaving that status. We've still continued to be encouraged by the level of resolutions that we're seeing. And I think that as we move forward, we still remain confident that the quality of our loan assets is improving. And I'll ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer, to add some color to that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Like we've said before, there's going to be some unevenness in our numbers from quarter-to-quarter, but from our perspective, no change in our direction. Our direction is still moving in the same direction it has been for the past several quarters.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I mean, in fact, we look at our portfolio today, the composition of our past portfolio, our prime portfolio continues to improve, as well as Barb mentioned, the composition of our nonperforming part of our portfolio. Like she just said, 52% of it is paying as agreed. We feel like we've got it appropriately reserved. And while our level of nonperforming loans are high relative to our peer group, so we think that our charge-offs will stay elevated for some period of time, but our allowance is sufficient to cover that, and we continue to keep a higher allowance.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, if I could just add to that real quick, is that when you look at our loan production, we continue to be very confident in our ability to produce loans outstanding. To David's, if you sort of walk through our different lines of business, we're seeing good, strong growth in commercial and industrial, and indirect auto and in mortgage. But we've made a few decisions that certainly are impacting our net out -- our net loans outstanding at the end of the quarter. And that is, number one, we're not holding a lot of our mortgage production. Most of our mortgage production, we're releasing that into the secondary market. And if you look at our commercial real estate, as David said, it was -- industrial/commercial real estate was down approximately $700 million for the quarter and we released $185 million as part of the Morgan Keegan-Raymond James transaction. And net-net, that was the decline in our loan portfolio. And so we continue to be encouraged by production. As deleveraging by customers starts to slow down, I think we can start to see some decent growth out of our portfolio.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that -- we've had a focus on expenses for quite some time, and expenses were up third quarter versus second quarter. As David mentioned earlier, part of that increase in expenses, obviously, was our credit card portfolio conversion. We spent quite a bit of money there, not only on the conversion itself, but on the advertising of that, in communication with our customers, and as well as increased staffing to accommodate the telephone calls and the support of those customers as they went through that transition. But when you look at expenses overall, we continue to drive down total staffing in the company, become more efficient. We've been heavy investors in technology. We've implemented quite a few new technology projects in the last few months that have really improved our efficiency, but at the same time, improved our service level. If you look over the last 4 years, we've probably consolidated our branch franchise more than any of our peer group and continue to look at ways to extract efficiency out of our branches. I think you should anticipate that we'll continue to have a strong focus on expense management. That being said, there still are times when we're going to spend to grow. We've got opportunities to grow our business. And as our business managers and market managers come to the table with ideas where we can spend some money to grow this organization in a prudent and thoughtful manner, we're going to take advantage of those opportunities, but you should anticipate core expenses will continue to incrementally decline over time.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, let me -- Ken, we've been executing a pretty aggressive deposit repricing strategy for a number of quarters now. We continue to be confident in that strategy. The results are apparent in our numbers. We still believe there's opportunity to continue to price down our overall deposit costs, but more importantly, we continue to be pleased with the mix shift that we're seeing. Time deposits are now down to 16% of our total deposit portfolio. And we do believe we've still got opportunity to continue to drive down that total cost of that book of business. We've been seeing retention of the time deposits that mature sort of in about the 70% range. We haven't seen that change over time. It's stayed fairly consistent through this strategy, and we would anticipate it continuing. That being said, a lot of those dollars that leave the time deposit category appear to be landing in other products to some degree with inside the bank. And so while we've reduced our reliance on time deposits considerably, our overall deposits have only compressed moderately. And so -- and we continue to, as we said earlier, to have a very healthy loan-to-deposit ratio this quarter of 79%. So at this juncture, we plan on continuing to execute this same deposit strategy and incrementally improve that deposit funding over time. On the earning asset side, we continue to have more of our earning assets and securities than we'd prefer. We're looking for opportunities to lend. We're finding traction in certain areas. As David mentioned, our pipelines look strong. On the commercial side of our house, the third quarter is always a seasonally low quarter for that activity, but our pipelines are probably about as strong as we've seen them in a long time. That being said, like you've heard on a number of these earnings conference calls, customers seem a little hesitant the last month or so, to borrow, to invest, but we anticipate, like we normally see, a pretty strong surge in the fourth quarter, and we anticipate that. But we are monitoring sort of the conviction and confidence of our customers as we move forward.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I'll give you a little bit of color. So we mentioned we did about $2.2 billion in total mortgage production last quarter, this quarter. 21% of that would've been HARP II production, and down just a little bit from last quarter. Last quarter would have been about 22% So we're only down about 1% from where we're at. What we're finding is that, that production is really coming to us, both our customers and someone who had their original mortgage with someone else, and 50% of those to date have been from another competitor. I think if you look at the market share data for mortgages, without calling names, most of the mortgages are held by a handful of institutions in this country, much larger institutions, and that's where the vast majority of it's coming from. All of our mortgage office, mortgage bankers, are out in our local markets. And obviously, most of our production is coming from those states that we have the most dominant share in, which is Florida, Alabama, Tennessee, Mississippi, Louisiana and Arkansas. So that's where the bulk of the majority of our production will come through. But the mortgage business is a very concentrated business in this country, and the vast majority of the mortgages are held by 4 or 5 players.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that you -- if you look at Basel III and where our numbers are at, those instruments are based on the composition of our balance sheet today, without us taking any actions in terms of business models and products that we offer. So I think that Basel III number obviously over time will be different as we change our business model to -- in reaction to Basel III, depending on how that is finalized. But I think as you look at our capital position, we continue to strengthen our capital position every quarter. We'll be submitting the 2013 CCAR stress test, if you will, here in not too many months away. And we have any number of items under consideration. But I think it'd be premature on this call to disclose our thoughts on that. But clearly, we're making a pre-assessment at this time on exactly what should be included in that submission. And given our capital position, we are going to be very thoughtful in that regard.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Let me. Clearly, Marty, we've seen benefit as our credit ratings have improved, in particular, on the commercial side of our business, on both loans and deposits, and quite frankly, on overall relationship and ability to attract and retain those relationships. And so overall, it's been a net positive. How you quantify that is somewhat elusive, but anecdotally, I think it's been a very positive story.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we've got -- we're using quite a bit of analytics on pricing. I would tell you that, in the upper end of the middle-market space, large commercial space, we've seen obviously increased competition, and you've probably seen pricing moderate over the last few quarters, but it's been fairly stable. I think that it's down a little bit from the peak of a few quarters ago, but certainly at or above historical trends on commercial/industrial lending. In investor commercial real estate space, spreads there are still much higher than historical averages. And so while there's a lot of competition and there is pricing pressure, we still see pricing holding up fairly well. As you get down into the business and community banking, the smaller credits, there's more pricing competition there. There's a few different players in that market, and we are seeing that part of the segment come under a little more pressure, and pricing has moderated lower, trended lower in the last couple of quarters in that particular part of the segment. Not a lot of demand in that segment and so a lot of competitors and few borrowers, so you're seeing a little more pressure there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I would say that, from our perspective, we still see the competition as being very rational. Not that you don't get the anecdotal comment from time to time, but I would say that our general perspective is the competition is rational, but everybody's out looking for business. And so we run into competition in both customers' and prospects' offices, and we all are after -- after the business and competing for it. But we're not seeing -- we aren't seeing -- you aren't seeing a big change in underwriting structure. You are seeing competitive pricing. Clearly, pricing is part of the underwriting, but at this point in time, we just aren't seeing a lot of anomalies in that regard.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, just let me close and say thank you for your time and your interest in Regions Financial, and we look forward to meeting with you next quarter. Thank you.
David J. Turner: Yes, John. This is David. We -- just to make sure we level set, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we were at 3.16% in the last quarter, second quarter. We had guided to 3.13% being kind of the normal recurring margin for that quarter given that we had 3 points of favorable interest reversals. From that, we had indicated we would be relatively stable. Obviously, QE3 came in, in the latter part of the quarter, which put pressure on rates, in particular the reinvestments that we have in our mortgage-backed securities portfolio. We are doing a couple things. I mentioned the amount of deposits that we have maturing in the fourth quarter and the improvement in our diversification of our investment portfolio. So when you look at some of the things we're doing in the investment portfolio, changing that risk profile, moving new investments into new issue CMBS and corporate bonds, we think that, that will serve to offset some of the downward pressure we see in the reinvestment rates. So with that, we believe we can guide to a stable margin from where we are today. And we say relatively stable. You can look at where we are today and give us a point or 2 either way, but we think those would be relatively stable in the fourth quarter and into 2013.
David J. Turner: Your first answer is, we have about $1 billion in premium amortization and booked premium at the end of the quarter. And in terms of loan growth, we obviously are working hard, but want to be prudent with regards to the loans we've put on. We want to make sure we're being paid for the risk we take. And demand is challenged, especially in the small business and commercial middle market. That being said, we are continuing to have an increase in production, a nice increase this quarter-over-quarter, and we believe that the investor real estate, which ran off about $700 million this past quarter, starts to moderate, declining but at a moderate pace. We did have $200 million, I think I had mentioned that $185 million in my prepared comments, of loans that we have as part of the previously established agreement with -- in the Morgan Keegan transaction, to sell those. So that's $200 million that you won't see coming out in the future quarters. So we will continue to work to grow loans, which would help us stabilize and increase our net interest income.
David J. Turner: And I was going to add to that. I did want to point out that, you'd mentioned expenses were up, revenue was up as well. And expenses, we pointed out a couple of things shouldn't be recurring. I would tell you that we're in the middle of budget season, as is everybody else. There is not a meeting that we don't go to where we talk about expenses at the end of the day. And as every expense that we incur, that we continue to challenge ourselves on that spend. We do want to make sure that we're making investments for the future, though, and we will continue to do that as, Grayson mentioned. So you haven't heard of a named expense initiative from us; you will not, because it's something we do each and every day. And we'll give you more guidance in terms of what we think expenses for 2013 will look like on the next call.
David J. Turner: Well, just different projects have different -- I don't have a number, a consolidated number, in terms of how much savings we have that we've reinvested. We really don't look at it that way. We look at making investments that are prudent, that pay themselves back in a reasonable period of time and also help our -- from a customer service standpoint. So we can get back to you and get a more definitive answer on that, Ryan.
David J. Turner: Erika, it was resolved within the quarter. What we did is we believed that, had those not been resolved by September 30, they would have been an NPL. So we thought the right thing to do was to show that gross migration. So it's not in NPL because the loans are gone, but we showed it transferring in gross and then we have it resolved. When you look at our supplement, you'll see it coming -- you can't -- it's embedded in the resolutions, but in and out in the same quarter.
David J. Turner: Sure. I'll tell you, our guidance does not include all the liability management initiatives that we are considering at this point. Specifically, to the trust preferreds, we do have 2 issues. One is a $500 million issue that is at 6 5/8, and then there's a $345 million issue that's at 8 7/8, and we continue to look at those, as we do our long-term debt and subordinated debt in the bank, to evaluate all the liability and capital management strategies that are at our disposal. So we will continue to do that and all of that has not been factored into the guidance that I gave you.
David J. Turner: We had amortization in the third quarter of approximately $75 million, and that was up from about $69.5 million in the second quarter.
David J. Turner: We do expect that run rate to get back to, next quarter, where we are -- where we were in the first quarter. We did have some adjustments in the third quarter, approximately $11 million, that we believe will not recur in the fourth quarter. And so you can think of it, Matt, in terms of a run rate, being more consistent with the first quarter.
David J. Turner: That $11 million was just adjusting the estimate of the reserve that we booked in the second quarter. We got a better number in the third quarter and made the adjustment when we became aware of it.
David J. Turner: Yes. We have just normal cash flow coming off the portfolio, $500 million a month, I think I've mentioned that before, that we have to put back to work. Some of that's gone into mortgage-backeds, but the rates on those are so low, we're looking for alternatives. Those alternatives include new issue CMBS, as well as corporate securities. You can see where we are today in our portfolio, being about $2.5 billion in those 2. That will grow and that will be a place where we put some of our cash flow that we have. We obviously -- our preference is to deploy that in the loan books, but we want to make sure that we're growing the loans prudently and being paid for the risk we take. We're encouraged by our pipelines on the loan side. We're encouraged by the conversion that we finished with credit card. There are a lot of positives that we have that are adding to help us offset this low-growth, low-demand environment that we have for loans. But we also will look to liability management, as we discussed earlier, and find the most prudent use of our cash flow.
David J. Turner: I can on the conversion. The conversion cost us roughly, in that line item you're referring to, in the $8 million range that shouldn't be there. The long-term incentive is the amortization of the grant that was made in the second quarter. So that amortization, obviously, is there through the award period. But that's the answer on the conversion piece.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think if you're looking at MBS today, you're looking at a 1.25 range. We think in the -- when we're talking about corporates, we're talking about the AAA tranche, a pretty safe tranche that's somewhere in the 1.5 to 2.5 range.
David J. Turner: Yes, I want to be careful about mentioning any particular size based on our release earlier. But suffice it to say, you can see what our Tier 1, non-common Tier 1, is made up today, our trust preferred securities. I think it'd be prudent to have more noncommon Tier 1 instruments in there at an appropriate amount. And so preferred stock, obviously, can fill that. How that's done and how much and how many times is something that we have to address in time. And I don't want to talk specifically about how much we might have at any point in time.
David J. Turner: Again, I want to be careful how much I say. I think I pointed out that we have 2 issues, the $500 million at the 6 5/8, the $500 million at 6 5/8 and $345 million at 8 7/8. So it's $845 million in total, and we have not and don't want to discuss what we would be doing with each or any of those issues that are outstanding.
David J. Turner: Yes, Marty. I think if you -- that was the message I was trying to send is if you take the $8 million out of the run rate in terms of being a one-timer, and I think you're going to get pretty close to what the run rate -- the remainder is on the run rate there.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think if you look at last quarter, we had mentioned we had on the loan side about 5 points in our loan yields that were due to the interest reversals that we spoke about earlier. So if you take our about 3.29% in that quarter and reduce that 5 points, you're at -- I'm sorry, 4.29%, and reduce that 5 points to 4.24%, you can kind of see that now, little smoother to the 4.18% that we have today. The mix of our loan portfolio is a big driver. We're encouraged, again, by our pipelines that we see. We're encouraged by, while about pricing is under pressure, we still see a favorable spread out there that we can get. Our credit ratings helping us to get into places that we hadn't before, helps. Looking at things like credit card, which obviously give you a better yield. And having that conversion done, we expect the opportunities to grow there. So there is going to be continued pressure on loan yields, but we think we can offset those with the improvement in deposit costs. You can run the numbers. Based on the $3 billion of deposits that are maturing in the fourth quarter, at 2.1%, is a pretty significant buffer to the headwind that we're facing on the low-rate environment.
David J. Turner: Yes, Greg, this is David. We do believe, based on what we know today, and obviously there's some accounting rules that are being proposed on the allowance, but let's use today's rules, we still believe in that 1.5% and 2% as a reasonable range. And I know that's kind of wide, but that's the best we can do at this juncture. We know where our charge-offs have been elevated. We said they would be elevated, but we have those reserved for. If you think about the 75 basis points of charge-offs, that's a through-the-cycle charge-off rate. That means you would expect that there are some periods of time where that's lower. And if you look at the type of credit that's going on the books today for us, it's pretty clean, it's pretty good, which is why our provision is where it is. The provision is taking care of the new stuff that we have or any diminution in the credit quality of what's on the books. And we're seeing that stabilize over the last several quarters, which is why we can provide where we are. The charge-offs are separate. And again, we already had those reserved for and, as they come through, we take care of them. So what you need to look at in terms of estimating provision is look at our credit quality, whether it be in terms of criticized and classifieds. I mentioned that in my prepared comments as being one of the best and first places one could look as to how your credit quality is trending. And criticized and classifieds continues to come down for us, which tells us what our -- informs us as to what our future provisioning and reserves will be. So don't put the 75 basis points in as the low watermark. That's a through-the-cycle number.
David J. Turner: At some point, you would expect that to be the case. To be able to articulate a 75 through the cycle, that means they have to be below that at some point.
Barbara Godin: And the only other thing I would say, John, beyond what Grayson said is, I would remind everyone that typically our third quarter is our seasonal quarter. And for the last couple of quarters, as you'll note -- the last couple of years, I'm sorry, is you'll note our third quarter typically goes up, followed by a better fourth quarter. I would anticipate that seasonal pattern continuing again. As we look through the numbers and what we saw coming in, there is nothing that really stood out. I would also note that 53% of our nonperforming loans in total are now current containing as agreed on the Business Services side, an improvement from the 46% we saw last quarter. So again, there's nothing of major note that we saw or nothing that was disturbing that we saw coming in. As we did point out, there were a couple of large items that moved that number this quarter, and again, we hope to -- even the letters of credit, have those resolved as we move into the fourth quarter.
Barbara Godin: Certainly, Erika. What we do is we continue to credit service our loans throughout the year. But again, as we look at the spring, when everyone files their taxes, we sit down and we have that much harder look with the audited tax returns from our customers and have those conversations with them, as well as getting updated appraisals. And just by those sheer conversations, if we hear anything in those discussions from our customers that leads us to believe that we may not get paid back our full principal and interest completely over the time horizon, we will then go ahead and make that determination to put it into nonperforming loans. And we have a large book that actually comes due for servicing in that same timeframe.
Barbara Godin: You're exactly right. What we are seeing is investor real estate is coming down, generally, each quarter in terms of the migration of that book continues to shrink. So the C&I book is staying relatively flat. We're seeing the consumer book staying relatively flat. And again, that's why we feel good about positioning that our potential problem loans for the quarter will be between $300 million and $400 million next quarter. The other comment I'd make is on the second quarter as well. Go back 1 quarter and look at the $315 million that did come in. I think we mentioned on that last investor call, everything that could've gone right during the quarter went right during the quarter. So everything we had hoped would move in the right direction did. And what we saw in the third quarter, obviously, it's more of a normalized quarter, where certain things didn't happen in the third quarter but will happen now in the fourth quarter.
Barbara Godin: Gerard, we're currently looking at that right now, sizing it up. At this point, we don't see it as being a material number for us. Remember again that we have a very active consumer assistance program and that program has been in place for a while. And what we have done on that program is when a customer goes through that program, we typically charge the loan down to value at that time and put the loan on non-accrual and TDR if necessary. So again, we will be coming out in the fourth quarter with any numbers associated with the change to the guidance. But at this point, as I said, we don't see this being a material number.
