John Turner: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we're very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 results. We reported record full-year earnings from continuing operations of $1.5 billion, reflecting an increase of 28% compared to the prior year. Importantly, we grew loans, net interest income, noninterest income, and households. We delivered positive operating leverage and markedly improved efficiency. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased to its highest level in over a decade. David will cover the details in a moment. I'm very proud to announce we effectively achieved all of our 2018 targets, as well as our long-term targets laid out at Investor Day in 2015. We achieved these targets despite a market backdrop that was significantly different than we anticipated. It's important to note our financial accomplishments took place against a backdrop of substantial transformation for the Company. In 2018, we successfully navigated significant leadership changes and undertook one of the most significant organizational realignments in the Company's history. With most of the organizational changes behind us, we have intensified our focus on building a culture of continuous improvement, improvements which reflect our efforts to make banking easier for our customers and associates, accelerate revenue growth, and drive greater efficiency and effectiveness. These efforts include investments in technology where we've expanded the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. As of year-end, we rolled out Zelle, giving our customers industry leading person-to-person payments capabilities. We also rolled out our new e-signature platform, completing our first end-to-end, fully digital consumer loan closings. With respect to markets, recent volatility has only heightened our focus on the fundamentals of our business and things that we can control, providing customers with quality advice, guidance and financial solutions, while maintaining appropriate risk-adjusted returns and unwavering credit discipline. On that note, recent credit quality continues to reflect a relatively strong economy and is performing within our stated risk appetite. Total non-performing, criticized and troubled debt restructured loans all continued to decline in the fourth quarter, while net charge-offs increased. The increase in net charge-offs is driven by higher consumer net charge-offs attributable to fourth quarter seasonality, continued normalization and an expected increase associated with growth in consumer indirect categories. As we talk to our customers, they feel good about their businesses and remain encouraged about their outlook for 2019. On the retail side, consumer sentiment is also positive as unemployment remains low and wages continue to increase. As we enter 2019 and our next three-year strategic plan period, our goal is to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance. We achieved meaningful progress over the past year as we worked to create a more efficient and effective organization. We have a variety of work streams still in progress and believe we're only beginning to realize the benefits that will ultimately be derived from our efforts. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
John Turner: We didn’t see nearly the pay-down activity that we experienced let's say in the first two quarters, which were the most active. I think it was more of a normal quarter, I would characterize it. 
John Turner: We ended the year with really very strong quarter, particularly in the wholesale side of the business. And as a result, you saw an increase in ending loan balances because quite a bit of the activity was toward the end of the year. The loan growth was really well-balanced as we referred to earlier, across most of our segments within industries. We grew our energy, our power and utilities groups, technology and defense, financial services, our government institutional banking group. So, a number of areas where we have specialized expertise across both our corporate and our commercial banking platforms grew during the quarter. Within real estate, we grew our term lending portfolio, which has now been an important strategic initiative of ours. We're beginning to see a much better balance between term lending production and construction originations. And within that category of term lending, we grew office and we grew industrial, broadly across our geographic footprint. So, it was a good quarter, production was up significantly over the prior quarters. As a result of that we ended the year where the pipeline is little softer than we began the fourth quarter with. We're guiding toward low single digit loan growth again, given that we'll have puts and takes within the portfolio. We continue to focus on portfolio optimization, on risk-adjusted returns and improving the quality of the portfolio. And so, we don't expect, John, to grow much more than GDP plus possibly a little. That's our plan. And if we do that, we can achieve all the financial objectives that we set out.
John Turner: Consumer checking growth now is up about 1.3%. And as David says, with that comes service charge activity, debit card usage, and other things, all of which have been very positive.
John Turner: Erika, this is John. I’ll just reiterate that commitment to continually improving our efficiency ratio. We think it's fundamental to our long-term performance and to building a consistently performing sustainable bank and that's our intention. So, we are very committed to that.
John Turner: So, I do think those are things that added those back. We're trying to give you the information where you could do that. Our continued growth in NII -- I mean NIR will come through, if you just look at our core lines, our service charge line continuing to grow along with the account growth that we have. Card and ATM fee is the same way. We continue to grow cards and accounts, more transactions are moving to that mode of payments. So, interchange should continue to improve there as well. We made investments in wealth management this year in the form of hiring wealth advisors; we’ll be doing that to help us grow there. Capital markets has been a good growth rate from us. There's volatility in that business from time-to-time. They finished up well. We talked earlier about that being $200 million business, and that's where we finished for the year. So, I look at capital markets continuing to add a little bit of growth opportunities. Mortgage is the one that's a little bit more of a challenge. We perform a tad better than others, because we're primarily a purchase shop versus a refi shop. Our production was down this quarter, but we are making investments there as well. Those investments are -- and mortgage loan originators that will strategically place and it marks as our footprint that we think can give us additional growth there. So, the market value adjustments happen from time-to-time. As you know, this fourth quarter was unusually noisy and we don't think recurs, at least to that extent going forward.
John Turner: Peter, this is John. The whole purpose behind our Simplify and Grow initiative was the recognition. And at some point, we would quit benefiting from rising rates, we would quit benefiting from improving credit, and we would have to be operating more efficiently and effectively. We'd have to be operating in a way that it allows us to grow our business because we were easy to do business with. And so, our commitment to continuous improvement is based upon the belief that we can continue to find ways, be more efficient and effective to invest in our business, whether it's hiring more bankers, spending money on technology, building some branches in markets. We’ve got to continue to grow our business through reinvestment which we largely want to pay for through our efforts to be more efficient and effective.
John Turner: I think we're in really good shape. We've committed to our Board to report to them on a quarterly basis as to just how the parallel reporting manifests itself and what the impacts will be. And as Barb said, I think we're in really good shape and will become January 1, 2020.
John Turner: Well, obviously, first and foremost, we want to protect and continue to grow our core deposit base, and we think that's really the strength of our franchise. And I think we have demonstrated at least over the last 24 months or so the power of that deposit franchise, much of which wasn't being valued prior to rates beginning to rise. And so, that would be first and foremost. We've got to continue to grow our businesses and particularly those core businesses. So, demonstrating 1.3% or 4% consumer checking account growth, growth in consumer demand deposits, growth in consumer savings, really again core to our business and to what I think makes our franchise valuable and allows us to build that consistently performing and sustainable bank. And then, the other piece is credit. Are we focused on the credit risk appropriate in our business, are we managing concentrations, are we building diverse books of business, do we understand the risks and are we effectively managing those and reacting to emerging risks quickly and expeditiously and effectively? So, those are the things I think about when I think about what does it mean to be a good banker and how do you build consistently performing and sustainable bank.
John Turner: Yes. I would just add, Gerard, diverse -- very diverse, it's been across a number of industry groups, largely aligned with our specialized industries, bankers and their expertise. About 27% is sponsor-owned, and that's down from the mid-30s. So, as we think about risk and managing risk in the business, we've been exiting some relationships that we think are the most risky parts of that portfolio.
John Turner: We're actively servicing those credits on a quarterly basis, generally sometimes less frequently, sometimes more depending upon the risk and the particular credit relationships. And so, as the credit profile or risk profile changes, because the Company takes on additional debt or you're in the bank environment or non-bank environment, we would take that up as a risk factor and a consideration as how we think about the credit.
John Turner: Okay. Well that ends the call. Thank you all for your participation. Again, we are very pleased with our 2018 results. And I think we have a very solid plan for 2019 and look forward to seeing all of you, hope, at our Investor Day on February 27th. Thank you.
David Turner: Steve, it's David. We continue to look at our asset sensitivity and think about what the rate environment would be. We still are fairly asset sensitive of as little over $100 million over a 12-month period of time. We have put some hedges on, as we've discussed previous quarters that we have forward starting to help us manage what we think the rate environment might look like out a couple of years from here or year and change from here, such that we get to a point where we're getting more neutral at that time. We still think the Fed is going to be [data] [ph] dependent in terms of what they may do on raising rates in the short term. So, we think still be an asset sensitive at the moment is the right place for us to be. And so, we're gauging how much of that we want to take off in the future.
David Turner: Hey, Matt, it’s David. No, really not price increases. Service charges have a tendency to follow our account growth, and our focus on growing core checking accounts has really been a hallmark of our franchise, and we continue to see that. And as a result, service charges have responded favorably.
David Turner: Hey, Erika, we’ve done a pretty good job of managing our expense base as well as growing revenue evidenced through our Simplify and Grow continuous improvement process. That is a journey. It’s not program where we continue to look at every aspect of our business in terms of how we can improve every single day. We have a number of projects on the table today that we will continue to benefit from. Clearly, our goal is to improve our efficiency ratio. We have talked about over time getting into the mid-50s. We’re going to talk a little bit more about that at our Investor Day, as you mentioned. But clearly, there's aspects of revenue growth and expense management in that. As revenue becomes more challenged, we have to continue to look for ways to get to that efficiency ratio. We feel pretty confident we can get there. And so from a revenue standpoint, if it becomes more challenging, we'll do something else on the expense side.
David Turner: Yes. I think you will continue to see deposit costs increase, a little lag effect as things go through for the year. We think -- and for the quarter, this quarter coming up, we could be relatively stable, given everything that's going on. We do have tailwinds still from repricing a fixed rate assets, loans and securities that will be coming through this year, about $12 billion repricing. Those repricings benefit us in the call it, 30 to 50 basis-point range, maybe a little better today as we continue to see the 10-year move up a bit. So, from a pause standpoint, we still benefit from our -- what we believe is our competitive advantage, and that's our very-loyal customer deposit base, two-thirds of which is retail. And if you look at our deposit beta and our total funding beta continues to be below peers. So, we think that gives us an opportunity to continue to outperform through 2019 and beyond.
David Turner: We set the 9.5%, based on how we view our risk profile, obviously, starting with a 4.5% minimal threshold and adding in buffers and then looking at our risk. And that's where the 9.5% is. It doesn’t have anything to do with the regulatory regime and CCAR. So, hopefully, we get a little bit of relief to manage our capital little more freely than we have been, which we would see as a big plus, so that we can optimize our capital and keep our capital at that 9.5% level. I mean, mathematically, given our risk that we have today, we could operate a little less than that, but we are choosing not to do so. We think that's the best thing for us to give us a little bit of dry powder and be able to take advantage of opportunities to invest that in organic growth and just be prepared should anything happen. But, we think that 9.5% is also a capital level that allows us to provide appropriate risk-adjusted return to our shareholders in the form of return on average tangible common equity that they expect. And so, we don't see taking that down.
David Turner: Yes. It will be towards the middle of the year. And of course it's all dependent on what loan growth. So, we had pretty good loan growth in the fourth quarter that eased up a little bit in the capital. And at the rate that we're growing at, we could get there towards the middle of the year.
David Turner: Yes. I think, Betsy, you should expect that deposit betas continue to move up. We’ve continued to outperform. Our team looked at beta at 39, it’s in pretty good shape -- or 39 this quarter, I'm sorry, cumulative up 22. So, I think that we -- and you're going to see that continue to trickle up a bit. Some of that will be due to mix change. As we think about corporate betas, corporate betas have moved up to about 81% from 72%. So, we continue to see that increase a bit, as expected. And that's really been baked into our margin guidance all along.
David Turner: Well we -- everybody has to run their capital ratios based on their own risk profiles or what they perceive to be the risk. We think common equity Tier 1 are most expensive form of capital. It behooves us to optimize all of our capital elements, but that one in particular, given how expensive it is. As we move down closer to that 9.5%, we are solving a portion of our Tier 1 with common equity. So, we will have to backfill the common equity piece for Tier 1 with preferred stock. We’ve had that in our plan; we've talked about that before. That's something that'll happen most likely in the middle of the year. We're evaluating how much of that and when we want to put that on. So, there are a lot of moving parts there. But, you're exactly right. We're going to have to bolster Tier 1, one for regulatory purposes but also for rating agency purposes. And they know what our capital plan is and they know what our optimization plan looks like.
David Turner: No. We do our own stress test anyway. We will have to fill out all the forms that are associated with it. And it’s maybe the year of the off cycle. But, we're really looking for and hope we get through the NPR and is released to manage our capital real time. So, we have espoused -- as an example, we’ve espoused a 9.5% limit where we want to be on common equity Tier 1. If we could manage capital the way we want to, we would be there right now. We would have to wait for time because when we submit a capital plan, you have to execute if dividend changes and share repurchases along the timeline that you provide in your plan, which you filed a year before, and things change. As things change, we need to be able to maneuver our capital appropriately. So, hopefully, we'll get back, but we'll have to see.
David Turner: Given -- there a lot of other moving parts, but in general -- generally speaking, that's accurate. The balancing sheet growth is -- depending on what rates do, is going the bigger determinant of our growth in NII. We do think, as I mentioned earlier, we have a little bit of a tailwind with just asset reprice -- fixed rate assets repricing this year, $12 billion between securities and loans that we can pick up 30 to 50 basis points in NII as they come through the pipe. But yes, I think it's something important for us to get appropriate balance sheet growth to continue to grow NII at the pace we want.
Barb Godin: Yes. No, there's very little, if anything that came from the hurricanes this time which we were blessed on. The charge-offs that we saw, the increase between this quarter and last quarter quite frankly was expected, given the seasonality in the consumer portfolio, it reflects our focus in the past several quarters on some of the higher yielding products that we have in consumer. We’re getting appropriately paid for the risk. So, again, we feel pretty good about the credit quality.
Barb Godin: Yes. This is Barb Godin. The normalization that we're seeing is really across all products. Our residential mortgage is coming off some really low level, running 4 to 6 basis points of loss, which again is not normal. So, that will raise just a little bit. Home equity is doing very well. Home equity will move up just a little bit. Indirect auto has been behaving well for us. So, we see that holding pretty steady. Some of the third-party relationships that we have again they are performing as expected. So, where we see in the consumer portfolio overall, we do see things as being pretty straightforward. Our indirect balances have gone up, and that’s created a little bit again in terms of a little more marginal off there. But, all-in, credit feels really good where we are right now in this cycle.
Barb Godin: Yes. Let me start with the allowance. You are right, it came in at 1.01%, which is down just a tad. A lot of that is due to loan growth. We think that allowance will probably hover right in that area, might go down to 1, but, I don't see it going sub-1 on the allowance. Relative to delinquencies, yes, we did move up just a tad. One of that was -- 30-day plus delinquency quite frankly was due to one large C&I credit that by the way repaid us immediately after, made payment immediately after the end of the month, especially given the holidays et cetera that caught us in the mail. So, that one’s is cleared. So, again, on the delinquency front, we see those as being generally stable. And again, we look at the consumer book with the delinquencies, just go up a tad. Again, that’s seasonality, we see that every fourth quarter. So, nothing there that we are concerned about.
Barb Godin: Yes. We're doing a lot of work on CECL as all of our peer banks. We are in great shape as far as I'm concerned, we're about to as start running parallel, the old process and the process. So not much to disclose there in terms of what the numbers look like, but again, feel good about the entire process, and we're going to be ready for it.
Barb Godin: Yes. I think the regulators and us, are all in a good place, what's happening, as you know in the industry is, we're looking -- as we're looking at normalization, and where does that go to, and over what period of time. So, there's nothing in particular that they're really focused on, like us, we're focused on and you mentioned it, leverage loans. And let me just kind of comment on that in general. I know David already did but our primary definition for leverage loans in the Company consistent with the inter-agency guidelines from 2013, that's 3 times senior, 4 times total committed debt-to-EBITDA that may or may not be fully secured by margin collateral. Of course there's some different thresholds based on certain industries such as midstream wireless, towers et cetera. But, we don't exclude borrowers from the leverage designation based on credit quality, on borrower ownership for the purpose of the financing. And we make this leverage lending determination at the time of any credit events such as refinancing, renewal acquisition amendments all that. And as you know, I guess the difference is every institution has their own policy quite frankly on how they call a loan leveraged. And so, it’s just a little difficult in terms of comparability. So, all-in, as I think about the leverage loan book, we feel very good about this book, it’s got strong underwriting. We have a dedicated team, by the way, Gerard, that’s focused on these deals. And on top of that, we stress test these loans to ensure that they're going to perform at a downturn economy. So, all-in, yes, leverage loans are right now on top of a lot of people's minds. But we feel again, really good about that because of really strong, good, well performing book.
