Barb Godin: I think you're -- yes, we are continuing to reach out to customers and our rescissions rate is actually running at 20% a little bit down from what it was last quarter, but still holding within that 20% to 22% that we reported through all prior quarters. But we still have a very active customer assistance program. Also making sure we're going out and also reappraising the book.
Barb Godin: Yes, in addition to that, third and fourth quarters are normally our seasonal highs and roughly I already pointed out for restructures, reaccruels, we wait up audited financial statements. We typically don't get most of our audited financial statements then until sometime late in the first quarter into the second quarter, again that's providing an opportunity for the restructures in the third and fourth quarter. And then some good news is that several accounts that we were planning to actually reaccrue actually paid us off in full. So again, I'll take that trade-off as well.
Barb Godin: Yes, what we would look at is, for example our 90-day plus as you can see that 90-day plus number was down, our criticized number was down, our plus [indiscernible] number was down. I would anticipate that our potential problem loan number will likely follow that same trend, but again, we don't have both numbers pulled together yet. But all of the signs are saying that a little more positive than what we've seen previously.
Barb Godin: No, we actually do anticipate resolutions to go up. What we think about there, they’re seasonal, number 1. And number 2, as Grayson had mentioned, there's a six-month seasoning period for any that we have gone ahead and restructuring before we can actually put them back to performing status. So we see all of that as we look on our pipelines we see some opportunities that are existing in there right now for us.
Barb Godin: Just one follow-up from myself is that in some of our normal loan sales, we have some what we call retrading that happened at the end of the quarter where we had some of the buyers come back and want to talk about terms and structures and we decided to step away from some of those conversations and have those conversations again this quarter instead of just going in and executing it at potentially a lower price, or a poor loan structure than we otherwise would have done last quarter.
Barb Godin: Well my follow-up would be if you looked again to last quarter, it was $61 million and compared that to $39 million this quarter. And that in and of itself was primarily made up of the difference in the valuation charges. Property preservation expenses have stayed relatively flat on properties we have. And again, as you said, foreclosure timelines are extended. They're still running somewhere around that 20, 22 month mark in Florida and again, that leads into our numbers as you've seen.
Barb Godin: There's still going to be some lumpy exposures, certainly, a lot less volatility, a lot less product relative to the outstanding balances. What we did see is that the land single-family and condo, they contributed to the -- in migration fell pretty dramatically between quarters. It's going to bounce around a little bit as we come out of this. As one can expect, but we do again, see some volatility on those numbers.
David Turner: Yes, I think the -- what I'm saying is we expect that restructurings generally would result in better economics for us because you're not having to pay for the liquidity that you're providing, provided when you sell a loan. So as a result of restructurings, if we continue down that path, you should see increases in TDRs as a result. But the charge-offs, we would expect to be mitigated to some degree versus a straight up sale. We would do an A B note for restructure as you've mentioned and continue to have economics with the whole credit versus selling it, so that provides better opportunity for us to have a recovery and we realize we also continue to have credit risk associated with that note. So we're careful on the restructurings and that we'll do that when we think the overall economics are in our best interest.
David Turner: Yes, I mean we, Brian to you full, we recognized a lot of the efficiencies, but given the cycle that we're in, we do believe there's more savings there. We've mentioned that we’re incurring, in a $300 million to $400 million per year, with just credit related expenses right now that we both believe will go away as credit continues to improve. We do have further efficiencies as we think about rationalizing our markets and rationalizing our business that we can continue to execute on when the time is right to do things like that. So you can see our number in the first quarter on an adjusted basis was $1.167 billion, and you could affect that for roughly $75 million to $100 million just with credit related expenses. So we do have efficiencies on top of that to come.
David Turner: I'd also add that when we think about the footprint that we operate in and really focus on service quality and the relationships that we're building with our customers, that relationship allows you to not just sell on price. We don't want to be a volume-price institution. We want to be providing proper service, fair price. We want the relationship because we want the total customer, not just the loan and that we're able to, we think, being we're able to maintain the spreads that we need even though there's stronger competition out there. The commercial middle market small business really provides an opportunity to really work through the relationship and get paid per link.
David Turner: The cobbled was right. We are trying to give you -- obviously, we're not going to give you earnings guidance, but we're going to give you bits and pieces. It's still obviously a very fragile economy. You can kind of look at our PPNR overtime and see where that, you ought to be -- if you stay at that level you can actually get pretty close to where you think our projected PPNR will be. And the story for us in terms of ultimate profitability is what credit looks like. We certainly are making progress on migration and early and late stage delinquencies and those trends and potential problems, all of those are trending better and we're feeling better about credit. We still have a robust reserve and see strong coverage in nonperformers, so we're adequately reserved there. And I think just as our charge-offs continue to improve, then you can start -- that's the key as to what will that look like in a "normalized world "and when will it be normal. So I think we've given you some tidbits. Your math you're going through is reasonable, but we have to -- we're going to stop short of giving specific guidance.
David Turner: Well, we haven't mentioned specific quarters in terms of when that would happen. What we tried to do is give you the things we look at that we think are the biggest drivers and that obviously is our nonperforming loan migration and then our resulting nonperforming loan balances, those are key influences on our methodology. We have been and we'll continue to be prudent with regards to how we establish the reserve and we will follow that methodology and what it indicates that we can provide less than our charge-offs, we'll do so. But we are going to be cautious and prudent with regards to what we ultimately do.
David Turner: Yes, I’ll tell you in kind of global terms what we've been saying is, we expect the total loan balances to drip down a little bit in the first half of the year, have a little bit of recovery in the second half such that we come close to finishing about where we started. So I think what we're going to do is, we're going to continue to derisk on the Investor Real Estate. That has slowed somewhat last year, I think our average was about $1.5 billion a quarter. This past quarter, we're at about $1.1 billion. So we see that decline slowing somewhat and we have had growth in C&I for 9 months. We'll see some seasonality and slowness in the first part of the year here and it'll finish stronger in the second half. So all that is predicated on where the economy goes. So that's our best guess on total loan balances right now.
David Turner: Yes, I mean, from a capital standpoint, obviously, we're impacted by the unrealized gain or loss changes as a result of the 10-year moving around. We really focus and run our business looking at Tier 1 common as the predominant capital measure. We're at 7.9% there. We dipped just below 6% on the tangible side, but we don't see anything that causes us concern that makes us want to believe we need to raise capital outside of the TARP repayment. That's been our consistent theme throughout the quarters but we’ll receive that question and it’s true today.
David Turner: Yes, we obviously, when you don't have a tremendous amount of growth in loan portfolio, you have to put cash somewhere, so we're in the securities book and it's higher than what we want it to be. We have it in a safe investment portfolio, take very little credit risk there. We primarily have used that for liquidity. But we will -- you can't just look at the duration of the investment portfolio, you really have to look at the construct of our entire balance sheet. So we're very cognizant of the duration and the risk that is embedded in that with the risk of a rising rate environment and when we see the opportune time we'll reposition and put those to work, securities to work differently. So I think right now we think it's the right answer, but we are looking very closely at it and as opportunities arise, we'll make different decisions.
David Turner: Greg, it's David. I think that maybe some of the peers have purchases than the losses associated with repurchase in that mortgage income line item. We actually account for that in our NIE and that number is pretty small for us. We hadn't gotten caught up in the issue that others have had. So imagine repurchased losses for others have been more significant and probably netting down mortgage income.
David Turner: Well, I think that if you look at a large percentage of that $300 million or $400 million ought to go away in time, and the question is when. So it won't be every dollar-per-dollar. But it will be substantial majority of that number we think in time will go away.
David Turner: Well, you would have you would have to use -- I'll give you the substantial majority of that ought to go away.
David Turner: Well we do that on a 6-month basis, but if we evaluate property and there's one next door to it, then we'll use that particular appraisal as an indicator of valuation of the other properties. So it's a little misleading just to say 6 months because it's incumbent upon us to get the mark right every quarter.
David Turner: It was primarily driven by the fact that if you look at the gross number, it was up $80 million, so $40 million of that was counted in capital and $40 million was disallowed just based on the math. So it really wasn't a dramatic change. We also went over a year or so. There's some impact to the tax credits that we have in terms of how the math works on the allowance calculation, but really look at the gross going up $80 million and half of that going into the calculations being the big driver.
O. Hall: But what was said is, as David says in time, on a core basis, when you cut out the one time, that we believe our overall noninterest expense would be flat to trend somewhat down from where we were in 2010, on a core basis.
O. Hall: Well we are still driving efficiencies to our business. We were down over another 250 positions from a headcount perspective in the first quarter over our fourth quarter and we're continuing to achieve quite a bit of the system efficiencies across a number of discretionary spending categories and we'll continue to do that going forward.
O. Hall: Yes, I mean, there's no doubt that there are in the commercial and industrial space, there's certain segments in that, that have clearly become more competitive. I would tell you that when you look at it in terms of spreads and yields, we still are seeing an improved level of spreads and yields on our new production on commercial and industrial over and above what we were getting. It has gotten more competitive. You do hear of transactions that would indicate that there's a lot of spread and yield compression on some of these new transactions, but I would tell you that when you hear those anecdotally but when we dig in to the data and we really analyzed what we're putting on the books, we're still very pleased that we are getting compensated for the risk we're taking and are pleased with the spreads and yields that we're able to achieve.
O. Hall: And I would add to that, if you look at the release, we actually sold this time roughly $219 million of problem assets and all from $405 million last quarter. We're being much more disciplined around the economics of those sales. First quarter appeared a little seasonally low from where we would have anticipated coming in. We are going to continue that disposition strategy, but we're going to balance it, as David said and Barb has said, with more focus on restructuring, but we're going to continue to dispose. And we do think that there are a number of seasonal factors that drove our nonperforming assets and nonperforming loans to not come down more than they did this quarter and we would anticipate an improvement in that going forward.
O. Hall: Well, the other thing you can't see is in the numbers, the number of notes that we sold, the number of properties that we sold this quarter was actually more than we sold in the fourth quarter because as we have been on this disposition strategy for some time, we're getting down to smaller and smaller dollar value assets. And they still take roughly the same amount of time regardless of the dollar value but we actually moved more properties this quarter than last.
O. Hall: Well, it really doesn't change. We are clearly focused on making sure we sustain our profitability and that we show a clear turn in credit. We believe that, that's the appropriate thing for us to do and we're going to let results speak for themselves. But our strategy really has not changed at this juncture.
O. Hall: Because in our internal forecast, we still got a fairly modest economic growth factor that we're looking at and so when we're making internal projections on loan growth. We're being prudent and conservative in that regard. We're trying to judge on total outstanding loans, we're trying to judge really 3 issues is 1, how much new production on both the business and consumer side will we be able to generate? Those numbers are encouraging, our production numbers are up substantially across every line of business. We're also trying to judge just exactly what the pace of decline on the investor commercial real estate portfolio will be. We've made several projections and, as David said, it has slowed, but we still are reducing the size of that portfolio substantially. It has exceeded our earlier expectations for where what we will be today. We are still seeing the 3rd issue is consumer deleveraging. When the consumers stops deleveraging or slows down that deleveraging process, then we'll start to see some decent growth on the consumer loan side of our business and we are introducing new products and we'll be over the next several months to try to grow that consumer side of our business and we said before, we really, would like to get to sort of a 50-50 mix between business and consumer loans on our balance sheet.
O. Hall: I think that several months ago, we came out with an internal goal of reducing that portfolio to no more than 100% of risk based capital. And we'll achieve that this year and feel pretty confident in where we'll be quite frankly, we have the other concern. Our concern is while we are seeing some opportunities in investor commercial real estate space, they are very limited and we are not seeing new production opportunities rebound with any materiality and if they don't, then we'll see that portfolio decline below that $14 billion mark, which is not a problem, and as David said in his comments, we continue to reassess just exactly what our targeted outstandings in that business should be going forward.
O. Hall: Yes, I mean when you look at the mortgages, no doubt we're starting to see a drop in application volume, which is typical to see this time of year as a seasonal issue. But we actually saw mortgage bookings ahead of where we were last year. We are seeing a shift from refinancings to the new home purchase, refinancings dropped this particular quarter just over 50%, 51%, I believe, was the exact number and that's down substantially from where it was at last quarter. We are not, as rates have increased. We're not seeing the kind of application volume we were seeing, but in the first quarter, we had strong results really for work that we had established late in the fourth quarter and we are gaining share on a number of competitors in our market and I think this next quarter's really going to tell the story, because I mean typically in the second and third quarter, your biggest quarters for mortgage origination and we're really going to find out what that market's going to do in the next quarter or so. Encouraged by where we're at, the concern with the declining level of application volume.
O. Hall: If you look at it, really, as I mentioned a moment ago, it's a combination of increased line utilization which has been an encouraging sign as we saw little bit of our commercial industrial customer starting to access those lines. We had initially thought that they would access their liquidity that they're keeping with us and depository accounts before they started accessing the lines. It appears that’s not happening, that they're accessing the lines and holding the liquidity. When you look at the products that, when you look at the reasons why that, as we said earlier, you're seeing some capital expenditure activity that had been put off for quite some time and now they're at the juncture that they are spending again for capital projects. In addition, we're seeing quite a bit of M&A activity. They're using the opportunity to acquire assets and competitors in what has turned out to be a slow recovery environment. I'd also mention that we got a number of specialty industries that continue to show strength. We've mentioned them in the past. I would say the strongest of that group right now is in the Energy sector but we also are seeing strength in Transportation, and Healthcare has been sort of a solid performer for us all along. It continues to perform and those are the segments that predominantly we're seeing the opportunities in.
O. Hall: Well, we thank everyone for your time and participation this morning and that this will conclude our meeting. Thank you.
