Grayson Hall: Thank you, List, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate your interest in Regions and participation in our third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Today we reported another solid and consistent quarter with earnings of $305 million or $0.22 per diluted share. Total revenue increased 2% and asset quality remained solid with a net charge-off ratio of 39 basis points. We continue to focus on meeting the financial needs of our customers and once again this quarter we grew our customer base and deepened relationships, as evidenced by growth and quality households and quality checking accounts, all of which are fundamental drivers of long-term sustainable growth. Although the overall lending environment was challenging in the third quarter, we remain committed to maintaining disciplined credit underwriting standards. Competition remains intense within the business lending, creating pressure on both price and structure. Nonetheless, we remain prudent on how we choose to compete the loans. As a result, there are number of deals that we are walking away from that do not meet the company risk appetite or have unacceptable terms. While we experience slower demand in July, August, recent trends indicate a very favorable pickup in activity and have generally been more favorable both at the end of the quarter and as we enter the next quarter. The consumer lending portfolio continues to expand, including growth in indirect loans, credit card and mortgages. Additionally, our deposit base continued to increase, with the pending deposit balances up $308 million from the prior quarter. We remain focused on growing and diversifying our non-interest revenue. Despite the challenging environment, we believe to align customers to bank the way to choose is a key to customer satisfaction and growth. We also recognize we must continue to innovate as it is critical to attracting and retaining customers. We are committed to driving long-term growth while improving efficiency across the organization supported by process improvement initiatives. Despite the recent market volatility and global macroeconomic weakness, we are encouraged by improving economic fundamentals throughout our core markets. Although the recovery remains uneven, we expect increased capital spending activity will drive GDP growth in 2015. Finally, we are encouraged and been pleased with the recent analysis of positive actions by couple of our credit rating agencies. We believe these actions reflect meaningful improvements in the number of credit quality metrics and our overall risk profile. We are committed to maintaining a strong risk management culture and these rating upgrade are further evidence of our continued progress. I will now turn it over to David for a closer look at our third quarter results and then we will take your questions.
Grayson Hall: Well, as you look at third quarter, we said in our prepared remarks, we saw a moderation of loan demand in the July and August and then we saw loan demand strengthen to some degree in September. We continue to see that strengthening of loan demand into the fourth quarter. Certainly, we are encouraged by that. I would say the moderation in the early part of quarter was a mixture of both the number of merger and acquisition transactions where we either were not the bank of the acquirer or we were the bank of both and had to reduce our hold positions on those. But we also saw an overall reduction in demand and the related production as a result of that demand. And so there were a number of one-off transactions that we would not have anticipated in terms of payoffs or paydowns, but I would say, generally, in July and August, we saw reduced demand. That obviously concerned us early in the quarter but it restrengthened in September. And if the trend continues, I think it is a very good sign for 2015 and obviously gives us the opportunity to perform at a higher level if that trend continues and at this juncture we have no reason to believe it will not.
Grayson Hall: Well, I think that clearly, as we went through our most recent assumptions and testing that, we have assumed a pretty static environment and that we are not putting assumptions in the model today that would be indicative of customer behavioral changes. We are assuming behavior to continue the way they have. We are not putting assumptions in there that we have less account attrition which is a potential. If this policy for some customers will be perceived as more friendly then you could argue that there is some account retention benefit, but we haven't modeled that in. So I think we have taken a very conservative approach to how we have modeled this. That being said, the best numbers will come when we actually pilot this in the first quarter and that pilot is really going to give us a much clearer view of that. I think that the primary issue, in our part, is being very transparent with our customers, making sure that we understand how this impacts customers and making sure that we don't lose our momentum in growing accounts as we have been throughout 2014.
Grayson Hall: If you have you recall, we stopped offering the product in January of this year. And we are going through a couple of conversions. We broke the customer base up into segments. We are going to do a couple of conversion, follow those conversions to be completed before the end of the year. And I would say that, the drop off you saw from first quarter to second quarter was predominantly because of reduced enrollments. We took enrollments to zero. The drop off you saw. Really, from second to third quarter had to do with some limited amount of conversions. We still have, of the customers that we had in that product, probably 60% of those customers are still active today, but all of those customers will be converted, as David said, nearly end of November. None of that will be in our run rate for the first quarter. There will still be a limited amount in our run rate for the fourth quarter.
Grayson Hall: We will have very limited amount in the first half of the year and the rest of that, the balance of that will be in the third and fourth quarter of next year.
Grayson Hall: Yes, Matt. We really are trying to take a very balanced approach, both from a revenue and expense standpoint. We realize that there clearly are investments that we have to make to grow and to manage our business better. But there is also opportunities for us to continue to increase the efficiency of our company. And so we take this very balanced approach to it to try to, if you will, fund our investments through savings efficiencies. We have been very aggressive, as you know, over the last several years, in branch rationalization. We do that on an annual basis. We are going through that process now, as we speak. And we are being more rigorous, more disciplined about that this year. Over the past seven years, we have closed a little over 19% or consolidated a little over 19% of our branch offices. You will see us continue to leverage that process to drive even more efficiency through our company. We still believe that branch is a very relevant channel. We are investing in all of our channels, including the branch channel. But we also believe that we have to manage those channels pretty dynamically. And so, as David said, as we get closer to the end of the year, through the appropriate opportunities we look to update you on some of our cost efficiency initiatives. And we realize, in this kind of a low rate environment that we have got to continue to drive that forward.
Grayson Hall: Yes, Marty, as we have spoken before, we are servicing a little over four million households today. We have about a little over five million customers. And we are constantly trying to think through ways that we can be innovative from a product, for delivery standpoint to increase our satisfaction and our delivery of customer needs and we have offered a number of alternative products to try to bank more of the unbanked or underbanked. Obviously, we have a lot of competition in that space. And as you may recall, we introduced a suite of banking products directed right at that segment called Now Banking. And our Now Banking accounts for some 460,000 customers that we have added to that product suite. And we continue to see progress. As you saw from our numbers this time, we are growing households, growing accounts. We have got a number of borrowing segments that are growing as well as our depository segments are growing. We believe we are making good progress. I would tell you, it is early though, as we have rolled out this new strategy. And that I would say we are in the early innings of this. But the progress is good. And recently to try meet the liquidity needs of some of our customer segments, we rolled out a secured savings lending product and already have some 25,000 customers who registered for that product. So we are still trying to innovate in an environment that will meet customer needs. And I think your question is a great question, because at the end of the day, the only way to have a sustainable business is to be able to grow our customer base.
Grayson Hall: It is. Our premium amortization did increase a bit over the quarter. We were at about $40 million of amortization this quarter and I think last quarter it was $36 million. So it did you pick up a bit. But that is built into our overall guidance.
Grayson Hall: I appreciate the question. I think it's a great question. I think its one that a lot of banks are trying to answer. I think my answer would be more optimistic than the picture you just painted. I think that, we are seeing the opportunity to grow our business. We are seeing in the markets we operate in, given the strengths of the market that we operate in, we believe we have got an opportunity to grow our business. And we do believe that while the economy is improving slowly, it still is improving. And we are seeing signs of that improvement across all of our markets. I have said it internally and I will say it externally. We have made a lot of progress, but we still have a lot of work to do. I don't believe we have even started to really demonstrate what the power this franchise can be going forward. I think the progress we have made in 2014 really lays a solid foundation for what we could potentially do in 2015. But we are growing customers. We are growing households. We are growing our business. I think the third quarter was slower, from a loan demand, than we had anticipated. But if the trend continues, we are more optimistic for the fourth quarter, knowing what we know today. So all that being said, as optimistic as we all are, we still have to be prudent and I think that we have to have this balanced approach to both investing to grow but looking for efficiencies around the company that allow us to, if you will be, to be able to hedge that forecast.
Grayson Hall: Well, there is not just people. Our physical footprint, we are down under 15 million square feet. We continue to find opportunities to reduce our physical footprint, by 10% to 15% a year. And we think that continues. We are operating in a smaller physical presence. A lot of our branches are smaller. We have fewer branches. We also are doing the same thing in office space in our back office as we continue to consolidate space and there is number of different examples of the way we are trying to make sure that we get efficiency across the company.
Grayson Hall: Yes. I think we have made a pretty sizeable investment in people and product in our capital management group and in our capital markets group, and obviously, one of the bigger products in that group is in this interest rate environments, not been there for us. But the I think a little movement in rates and we could see a lot more production out of that group, but nevertheless with investments we have made, we continue to think we are grow the revenue out of that business.
Grayson Hall: And Michael, I would tell you, and I would agree with everything that David said, but there is one additional area. If you look at the investment we have made in risk management and compliance, this industry has faced a lot of new rules. And as we have gone through those new rules and regulations, we have used awful lot of human resource to ensure compliance with those rules and regulations and as we have opportunity to invest in technology and recognized a lot of these processes, there is going to be some efficiencies and that's a tremendous effort on part of our company today is to find out how we can improve compliance and risk efficiencies through automation.
Grayson Hall: We have been stating that desire strategically for some time that we would love to achieve a greater balance between business and consumer on our balance sheet in terms of loans outstanding. We have made a tremendous number of investments in the consumer lending products to try to accelerate that remixing, if you will, of the balance sheet. As you have seen, we have not been particularly successful at that. There has been more demand on the business loan side of our customer base. And as a consequence, our progress in that regard has been somewhat muted. Long-term, we still have that as a strategic desire on our part to achieve a better mix. That being said, we have to take advantage of what the market offers us in any given economy. And so, still a goal that we are working on but not there yet.
Grayson Hall: Absolutely, we have been looking at the mortgage rates and the opportunity as the rates have moved to a more favorable position for that business, that the refinance opportunity could accelerate. I would say that we haven't seen that shift yet, but we do anticipate that if the rates continue to stay at this level for over the next few weeks, we will see an increase in refinance. As you may recall, refinance has been a lower percentage of our production than most of our peers. And so it will probably have a more muted impact on us than some of the peers that you are looking at, but we do anticipate an increase in refinance activity. But it is also makes home affordability for the repurchase better as well. So we think it's good for the mortgage business. I will ask David to give any specific comments on it.
Grayson Hall: I think it's really a combination of factors. I think one is that most of the loan growth over the past several quarters has been in the upper end of commercial middle market and into the corporate space, which we were very active there, but candidly the bulk of our businesses has been in the middle market and into the small business owners. We mentioned a moment ago, I think David spoke about it, we have not seen the strength of the small business owner come back yet like we have other parts of the business. So I think one just a mix of our customer base, has caused us to be a little bit more muted or more moderate than some of our competitors. I think also given what this organization has gone through over the past several years, we are just very disciplined, very prudent about credit underwriting at this juncture. And so we would attribute part of our differential between some of the peers to be the credit culture that we have tried to build at this company. And I think the third issue and we alluded to it earlier, there were a number of one-off transactions in the third quarter that we had not anticipated and were not normal part of our portfolio and that was a factor. And I think the last point was that we did just see, and I think many of our competitors acknowledge this as well, as third quarter was more moderate than anticipated. All that being said, again, we are pretty optimistic at this juncture given the way the last month of the quarter performed and the way the early days in the next quarter are starting to perform. So we feel better today about where the economy is headed.
Grayson Hall: No, I would say that we think that our numbers would indicate very clearly, we are still growing our customer base and still deepening the relationships we have with existing customers. We spend an awful lot of time not only analyzing transactions that we win but also transactions we lose. And quite frankly, we aren't winning as many prospect transactions as we would like to. And that's probably true of every competitor we got. We all are wanting to win new customer relationships. It makes sense for the customer. It makes sense for us. I would say that we have seen more non-bank competitors enter into our space, than we have seen before. There is a tremendous amount of liquidity in the marketplace. And so you do see, not only competition from non-banks, but you see the competition from the debt markets. And that being said, we have to complete and we have to adjust and we are doing that. And our loan growth may be more moderate than we had anticipated, but we still have growth and we still anticipate growing our outstandings.
Grayson Hall: But you look at it and I think we are in a transition phase. Our capital planning process has gotten much formal, much more sophisticated and our confidence in that capital planning process is much hard today and it continues to improve. And at the same time, we derisk our loan portfolio tremendously. And so we have more confidence in how our loan portfolio will perform going forward. All of those are things that give us confidence in how best to deploy capital and at what level to deploy. As we get a better economy, it would be our hope that we would have more organic opportunities to deploy that capital, but also think as the economy recovers that we are going to have opportunities, as David said, to acquire and how you define what we acquire will be a mix of opportunities. But I think at the end of the day, if those things don't prove to fruition then we have the opportunity to return that to the shareholder in the form of dividends or buybacks. And I think that we are in a transition that's a little bit uncertain but it gets more certain each and everyday.
Grayson Hall: But we have runs market test. And obviously one of the risk we have is when rates go up, what sort of pressure does that put on customer deposits and we have run a number of sensitivity tests in some markets to be able to prove our theories and so you will see some of the interest rate numbers, individually, go up a result of some of those. But they are temporary nature and overall our deposit cost continues to remain stable.
Grayson Hall: Yes. And as that market segments become more competitive, we have adjusted our pricing strategies to ensure that we have got the right mix of tenure and rate and that it's appropriately risk-based priced. And so you will see a little bit of shift in yield as adjust our strategy because we want to make sure that we are staying in the right part of that market.
Grayson Hall: Dick, you are really familiar with the markets we operate in across the Southeast and we think it's a valuable franchise because of those markets. But we obviously operate in some real communities where the opportunities are a little different, maybe than some of our peers see and I do think that there are ample opportunities in our market to be able to bank some customers that typically would not have qualified for mortgages. And we have been we been very methodical about the way we have approached that market and prudent about it. Obviously with the GSE, we are going to change the rules. We are watching that very closely with our peer. We are reading some of the same reports you are. It appears that they are pretty close to agreement on how do that and what the rules are on that. And I think we are very interested, if we can understand the rules and agree what risk we are taking, if we can make the economics work out on it, then we are encouraged. And so I do think you are absolutely correct. It's an opportunity for our franchise.
Grayson Hall: Well, that's a great question and we have every one of these, if you will, technology based lending solutions, whether its peer-to-peer or whether it's just that an origination position. We have taken a hard look at every one of them and I think it's a good question. Quite frankly, we have got a number of competitors, that their rules of engagement are different than ours. And so you know today in our environment some of that type of lending, I just think we have to stay away from. But that being said, there are still a lot of opportunities in that space and we have got a team of really talented people that continue to look at it. We think innovation is a big part of how we bank the consumer going forward on both the deposit and the lending side. And some of these solutions that you are seeing are going to play out and some of them are. And it's our challenge trying to figure out who winners and losers are in that space.
Grayson Hall: But a lot of financial products are moving out of the traditional banking space and we have got to learn to compete with them but compete under the rules that we operate under.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. That's our last question. And we appreciate everyone's participation, everyone's interest we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
David Turner: Yes, Betsy, we really wanted to put something out there on posting order. It's a question we get frequently. It is based on running some models today but we really need to see what the customer behavior is going to be before we know and we will update you when we know. But we want to frame it up a little bit for you and just try to hit off the continued question there. I will tell you that, through a lot of changes that have happened in our industry, we have had almost $400 million worth of revenue taken out of our company that we have had to overcome and we created new products and services and we will do the same thing here as well. So the team is working hard to grow our revenue, regardless of changes that we see whether it be posting order or other changes we have to deal with. And so we don't have specifics on this just yet but we will continue to update you and find ways to mitigate this revenue and we will give you, as we get closer and run the pilot, we will give you better information to hone in on this number.
David Turner: Yes. So the change in the third quarter and the second quarter, a pretty similar numbers that we had previously spoken about. By the end of the year, we will have converted everybody or stopped the ready advance program. Really by the end of November, we will have discontinued that. And we put forth other options for those existing customers in the ready advance product that they have today.
David Turner: But they will be taking other products and then we will have loose revenue from NIR up into NII and that will be based on adoption rates for those customers.
David Turner: Through the pilot. So we are giving you the best information we have today and when the rights come back, we will modify accordingly.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. We are still working on next year. We will update you on that as we get closer towards the end of the year. We have a couple of conferences coming up. We will let everybody know. As it relates to our general philosophy, as you know, we are wanting to generate positive operating leverage. We have one of the lowest expense bases, but that being said, we focus on it quite a bit. That does not prevent us from making investments where we see the need to do that. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we increased positions about 183 million this quarter, and we put most of that in our revenue-producing, our revenue support roles, because we think that's the right thing to do. And at times, you will see the expense come before the revenue. We had the same issue about this time last year where we have tried to indicate we were going to make some investments. We feel very good about that. And so, long-term, we think we are doing the right thing.
David Turner: Matt, we are not giving you -- you have to build your run rate expectations. We only give specific guidance here. But I do think you need to factor in the unfunded commitment because that's a credit, one-time credit, that may or may not recur. And as you can tell, if you look at that other expense line item we have pretty lumpy, and its because of that expense and unfunded commitment. So that's $24 million going one way. We did have the Visa expense of $7 million that went the other way. And that shouldn't be recurring every quarter. But we have had that from time to time. So that's lumpy as well. That's a net $17 million that I think you ought to consider as you evaluate what you think our run rate would be.
David Turner: Marty, that's a great question. We look at trying to get more efficient, if you will, from that funding cost standpoint. As you know, we pay a little over 5% after considering swaps, whatever page it is in our supplement. We look at that all the time and when the economics are right, notwithstanding rating agencies, if it makes economic sense for us to do that, we would love to take that out, use our capital, as you mentioned, and have a better run rate going forward. But it has to make economic sense. And as the rates have continued to come down, it's gotten a little less economical for us, but we look at it literally every day. So your comment is spot on. From a rating agency standpoint, we have gotten some improvement now with the rating agencies. And you know, we are looking to leverage hopefully, over time, even better ratings as we deal with our customers and also as we deal with getting our debt structure, if you will, as efficient and low-cost as we can.
David Turner: Yes, I will start with the last one first. So pension, clearly, is rate driven and we will have seen what that looks like. I would caution you we were, through the low last year about this time and rates kind of spiked towards the end of the year which helped everybody's pension calculation. So it's a little premature, but you are spot on. A lower rate environment does cause an increased net net of pension expense. So we are going to watch that. It's too early to give you guidance on it. It will be embedded in what we give you later on in the year when we start going to last couple of conferences. I think from out from an overall NIM standpoint, rates are lower than what we had anticipated. Right now, we have done a lot of modeling to figure out what that might mean to us. And we have given you the guidance for the fourth quarter in that one to three, which may persist into to the first quarter. So we think we can do that one to three, making even through that first quarter. And I will tell you, Ken, this has been so volatile. We just need to wait and give us a little bit of time and see what happens. If you look at really the domestic economy, everything points to a higher rate environment, but you have to start factoring in the geopolitical issues that are going on, the economies around the world. And so we are in a tough spot. And then of course, what is the Fed going to do over time. So we think, we believe rates will increase at some point, timing of which is uncertain. We continue to be asset sensitive. We think that's the right thing to do. But if rates stay low longer, we will continue as everybody else will have pressure on NII and resulting margin. So that one of the three right now, I think, could carry us a couple of quarters.
David Turner: Ken, let's take owner-occupied real estate. That generally is our small business customer. And small business formation has been down in 2014 quite a bit. And we really need to see and want to see the demand from that customer. It is our bread and butter. It is really a segment that we can demonstrate our Regions 360 that we talked about just a minute ago with Marty's question, and a lot of services that that customer base needs. The problem is, we just don't see that demand. We see reluctance as we talk to those customers in terms of wanting to borrow for expansion, given all the uncertainty that exists, whether its political, whether its domestic, whether its what's going on in Europe, Ebola. All kinds of issues are factoring in into the concerns of the small business owner. So we are going to work really hard. Have been. We are going to step it up even more so in terms of that owner-occupied base to deal with what the main issue is, and that is amortization. Those have a tendency to be term loans that amortize. And so you have to have production going just to stay even. So we think we can slow that decline. In the home equity second-lien, a lot of that has been refinanced away. Some of it's deleveraging by the consumer. We have started to see that pace to decline slower than it has been over the early part of the year. Some of that has gone into our new product, our home equity loan product. And so we think those are the two, we hope over time in the balance of 2015, that we see those declines slow down and that married with the production, we think we can have a reasonable forecast of loan growth in 2015. That of which we will update you on again towards the end of the year.
David Turner: Yes. I think going into the year, loan growth, if you go back to the first quarter, loan growth was more robust for us. We really want to deploy our capital to grow our business. We think that's why the shareholders gave us the capital to begin with and giving it back to the shareholders is what we will do when we haven't been able to deploy it otherwise. So we put it intentionally in the back half or in the back half of the plan. And we had no objection to that plan and we are executing in accordance with that. Once you build a plan and submit the plan, that's what the plan is. There is not really an opportunity to go back and change that plan easily. So we are going to execute of course with it. And you should see us wrap that up by the first quarter of 2015.
David Turner: Yes. I would add. I do think that the investments in people that we made mentioned, I mentioned that on the comments, roughly 183 during the quarter, but we have done some things to cut back on headcount. So we had consolidated 30 branches. We started that in the fourth quarter last year, finished up in the first quarter of 2014. And when we do that, we have a reduction in staffing levels as a result of that. So that's an example of where we use our excess capital. We would take a charge for that, but then we were able to consolidate, get a reasonably quick payback as we consolidate and take those customers from one branch into another. So just looking at headcount numbers can be a little misleading in terms of what our commitment is to grow our business because we believe our biggest opportunity is revenue growth and we will get that by making prudent investments in people and businesses going forward.
David Turner: Well, Michael, we always can reduce costs and build efficiencies. We do that. We have a whole team and that's what they are focused on. Helping each business, each support area, look at how we might improve workflow, it gets harder from where we are. We have worked over the past few years reducing our overall expenses to support our business, but that being said, we can continue to do that. Over time, we mentioned our overall efficiency ratio being with a rate increase in the 55% to 60% area. We are at 63% and change today. We have a group that we invested in. It's a Six Sigma group that is looking for top process improvement to do two things, one to increase revenue and we mentioned that, I think, on our last call, where we have changed process and helped us increase revenue in things like indirect auto. And we have also use them to help from an efficiency standpoint on the cost side. So I think we can always look at how to improved there. We have had changes in our OREO and held-for-sale kind of credit related expenses there. We had some benefits gains on sale that don't repeat. And those are harder to replace. We do focus on consulting expense. We focus on our legal expenses. In all those, we have opportunities to continue to wind down or reduce overtime.
David Turner: Yes, Erika. It did, in fact, consider that. We see very little change in mix. I was trying to address that earlier in my comments that we have pretty large securities book. We were happy with the rules that came out. And we don't see any problem becoming compliant 2016 without any meaningful changes to our balance sheet mix. So you shouldn't expect any type of significant change or increase in our securities book.
David Turner: We will. I don't have that committed to memory. We do have some sensitivity in our 10-K that would be a little helpful in terms of what the change in the discount rate does. So that would be place that you could go look. But I will have List and Dana follow-up on that.
David Turner: Matt, I am not sure what you are looking at. You should have actually seen it come down. We had about 6% change in NII as a result of 100 basis parallel shift, which was about $190 million the quarter before, coming down to about $160 million. I think it is with that should -- we will go back and take a look at that. But we essentially took a little bit of our asset sensitivity off with trying to protect ourselves a little bit on the down rate environment. It proved to be the right move given where we are today. But I think that we are still pretty asset sensitive at about 5% of NII. So we took one point off and round numbers from the second to third quarter.
David Turner: Yes. I think one, we need to let this settle a bit and see whether the mortgage rates actually following and for how long. It takes a while for all that to get into the market. Clearly, if you are resetting 15-year rates in the three range or below and 30-year rates in four range or slightly underneath that, you will see another way to refinance activity. If you look at our supplement, on page nine you will see our refinance activity did pick up a bit in the third quarter. We are up about 7% from where we were in the second quarter. Hard to tell, though, whether that was just really rate driven or just normal activity coming through in the third quarter. So we are looking into that. We will give you better guidance as we see what the impact might be.
David Turner: Yes. Gerard, this is David. It's a great question, and I will tell you, I would rather have that problem than be on the other side of the fence.
David Turner: Which is where we were at a time. So we do acknowledge that having excess capital is not doing any good and that we need to have an optimal capital stack. That means not only in total, but the components that make up that. And we will adjust that over time in both the components of the capital stack as well as the share number. It's obviously a little more difficult to work, given how we have to approach capital, at least how we perceive we need to approach capital relative to CCAR. But how we manage our capital, that's our call. That's what our Board does. We have a whole process and I do think, over time, you will see those capital numbers rationalize. It will be through a combination of utilizing that capital to grow our business, which is really what we want to do when the opportunity is there. We talked about having acquisitions of product lines like we did our credit card portfolio a few years ago. We looked at using that capital to buy non-banks and looking at bank acquisitions when those opportunities arise and then returning it to the shareholder so that we don't keep piling it up because we realize the return on tangible common over time with the denominator continuing to grow becomes pretty difficult. So we will and do envision the time where we can rationalize.
David Turner: Gerard, I will add one last thing, you mentioned cost of capital. One of our goal clearly is to reduce our cost of capital and that comes with a good sustainable performance, solid performance quarter in and quarter out, such that our cash flows are more predictable and we think we have done that. But the market is saying not quite yet. And we hope over time, the market realizes our sustainability of this cash flow to get our cost to capital down and again optimizing the capital stack would be another way to get that cost to capital down, and we will do that.
David Turner: Yes. There is really no story there. That could just be mix on a given customer. We have run some tests to try and see what might happen if we go a little longer on some CDs in particular to see what the markets acceptability to have some of those. So that could be a piece of it. But there is really not is big story there or a trend that you should expect going forward there.
David Turner: Yes. So the securities yields, they are down 11 basis points. Obviously reinvesting in just a lower rate environment but the premium amortization is also about half of that number. We did also shift out of corporate bonds as spreads changed and that we think that that was the right thing to do. You see your corporate bond portfolio will have declined. You asked about audit spreads. There was really no change there. Obviously it's a very competitive environment to be in indirect auto but we had about seven basis points contraction during the quarter, but we still feel good about that overall yield and spread that we have. I think you can just see -- those can change, only dependent on what mix you are putting on the books. But our overall yield on that indirect as you see in our supplement, was $3.39 million versus $3.46 million last quarter.
David Turner: Dick, this is David. You had mentioned really banking kind of funding somebody else. What we would like to and are looking at is how those parties actually bring the customer to the table so that those are our customers where we can have a deeper relationship than whatever that one-off loan is. And so that really seems to be the better alternative versus being a funding agent, if you will, for somebody else's customers. But as Grayson mentioned, things are changing pretty rapidly and we have to be able to adapt and deal with this on a prudent basis and obviously within the confines of our regulatory regime that we have.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions. The first one, just to go back to the buybacks, and I was curious about your thinking behind buybacks. Why you didn't buy back any stock, it looks like, in Q2 and Q3? Clearly, you had the authorization in place certainly for this quarter. But how are you thinking about buybacks? You are going to buy back more stock, but why didn't you buyback anything in Q2? If you would just help me think about that, given that loan growth, I don't think it was particularly strong. So were you anticipating faster growth? And how should we think about that? It just seems like you have a lot of excess capital here. A perspective would be helpful.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I am going to ask you a question that's more of a high-level question and one that I could probably ask CEOs of other banks as well, Grayson. But what I would love to get your perspective on is that you and other banks have been focused on the efficiency ratio and lowering expenses. And of course I think in any cycle, any given point in time, banks would like to be more efficient rather than less efficient. I think that goes without saying. But having said that, as you think about your business and you think about the environment we are in, it sounds like you might, with your reductions in headcount and this probably applies more generally across the board, it suggests that you and other CEOs really aren't very optimistic at all about growth going forward. And I know the hope is that interest rates at some point will increase and give a top-line benefit. But having said that, from a business planning standpoint, how do you think about continuing to reduce headcount going forward in terms of running the business? You seem to be planning for more of a continued slowdown going forward. Is that accurate? And I would just love to get your thoughts on that. Thank you.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay. Thank you again. I appreciate your responses. I know I could have asked that of pretty much any CEO, and your perspective is very helpful. And then just a last quick one, if I may. Your capital markets pipeline going into Q4, I know the revenues were up a little bit, but do you see that spend continuing into Q4? Thank you.
