Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that, we’re pleased with our second quarter results, which demonstrate that we are continuing to execute our strategic plan with a long-term sustainable growth, while delivering value to our customers, communities and shareholders. For the quarter, earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations increased 18% to $301 million, and earnings per share increased 25% to $0.25 compared to the second quarter of 2016. Importantly by expanding our customer base, we delivered results in areas we believe are fundamental to future income generation. This is evidenced by growth in checking accounts, households, credit cards, and wealth manager relationships, as well as total assets under management. We continue to benefit from our asset sensitive balance sheet, as interest rate increases drove a 4% increase and net interest income year-over-year, and the resulting net interest margin increased 17 basis points. Expenses remain well controlled with adjusted non-interest expenses increasing 1% year-over-year, as our efficiency efforts continue to mitigate core expense inflation and the impact of investments in new initiatives. As it relates to our loan portfolio, we remain focused on our deliberate and intentional diversification strategy, while we also seek to achieve appropriate risk adjusted returns. We are experiencing success with our remixing efforts. For example, we were early movers to reduce exposure in certain asset classes, including auto and multifamily lending. While our customers remain optimistic, many still do not have the confidence necessary to make meaningful investments and take on additional debt. That said, we are seeing some positive signs. For example, we experienced solid loan production increases across most loan portfolios during the second quarter, and we fully expect this momentum to continue through the second-half of the year. In the near-term, our interest rate sensitivity profile continues to position us well to grow net interest income even in the absence of meaningful loan growth aided in part by the strength of our deposit franchise. With respect to asset quality, our discipline approach to credit continues to deliver positive results, as we reported improvements in almost every credit metric. We continue to characterize overall credit quality stable. However, volatility from quarter-to-quarter and certain credit metrics can be expected, especially as it relates to large dollar commercial credits. Turning to capital deployment, we remain committed to achieving our long-term targets. We are focused on effectively deploying our capital through organic growth, strategic investments to increase revenue or reduce ongoing expenses, while also returning an appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. We continue to benefit from the robust capital planning process that we’ve developed over a number of years, as evidenced by our recent CCAR results, where our planned capital actions once again received no objection. As part of the capital plan, our Board has authorized the share repurchase program of up to $1.47 million of common stock beginning in the third quarter. Subject to Board approval, plan includes 29% increase in Regions quarterly common stock dividend and $0.09 per share beginning in the third quarter. During the quarter, Regions was recognized by Javelin Strategy & Research as a Trust in Banking Leader award winner, reflecting our reliability in meeting customers’ needs and the confidence our customers have in Regions to look out for their best interests. In addition, Regions also received the Gallup Great Workplace Award for the third consecutive year. These examples illustrate how Regions’ comprehensive approach to providing financial services creates greater value for all of our stakeholders. In summary, our second quarter results reflect a continued execution of our strategic plan and our commitment to our three primary initiatives: growing and diversifying; practicing disciplined expense management; and effectively deploying our capital. With that, I’ll turn it over to David to cover details of the second quarter.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I’ll start and I’ll ask David to add to it. One, we’ve had a very thoughtful and prescriptive deposit strategy. And if you look at our deposit composition over the last two or three years, you’ve seen us really drive to create greater diversity in that portfolio, more granularity and less cost And you’ve seen us execute a strategy, where we’ve reduced some of our highest cost deposits. We’ve reduced a substantial amount of deposits that require securities for collateralization. And so we’re very proud of the deposit base we put together. And as rates have started rising, you look at the deposit betas that we’ve been able to learn and we feel good about that. We think the big part of the value, this franchise is a strength of our deposit base. We would actually like to see our loan-to-deposit ratio improve, go up, if you will. We believe that we’ve got the capability and the capacity to fund a great deal of our growth with deposits throughout the communities we operate in.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, we’ve made a very conscious effort to do – take a different risk appetite on certain of our lending segments, energy and multifamily, medical office building. You’ve seen us do that in auto lending as well. We’ve made some risk changes into our equity lending products that take risk off of that. So we’ve been very thoughtful about what part of our lending portfolio we want to grow. And we feel like, we’ve sort of remixed, both our deposit and our loan balance sheet. So we think, we’re in a very good position to grow. As we said earlier in our prepared remarks, we had over a 20% increase in consumer lending production this quarter and over 50% increase in our commercial lending production. So we think that second-half of the year, we can see much improved numbers.
Grayson Hall: No, I mean, I think, what you saw this quarter is that, we’ve characterized our credit quality as stable. We continue to believe that. There’s some volatility from quarter-to-quarter. And then the granularity of that portfolio isn’t quite as small as we’d like. So one or two credits can make a difference and TDRs, that’s the case. There’s one or two energy credits. But I’ll ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to expand on that.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think that’s kind of where Erika was going with her question too, And clearly, rates matter to the extent that we don’t get increases that we had anticipated that puts a lot more pressure on it – on us being able to get there. But as we’re talking through all these questions, if the revenue is not there, then it’s going to cause us to have to put even more pressure on our expense base, because we have certain goals that we want to meet and makes it more challenging, makes it more difficult. I can’t say an absolute right now for 2018. We’re in the middle of our strategic planning process, and of course, roll out a new budget towards the end of the year, we’ll give you better guidance into 2018. But we’re committed to doing best we can to get – ultimately, we believe to be in the 60%, even over time, we think below that.
Grayson Hall: Well, and the composition of the portfolio. All that drives it as we derisk the composition of our portfolio and derisk individual credits within the – the allowance was done what it ought to do, it’s rationalized to that inherent risk of the portfolio, and we think we continue to see opportunities to improve that.
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, the other side of it is, we’re coming from a relatively low position. And thus far, our industry, our competition has been pretty rational on deposit pricing. But with modest loan growth, there we’re seeing modest economic growth. Then you should anticipate modest betas until a point in time that competition for deposits increases.
Grayson Hall: If you look at the economic recovery, fixed business investment has been really modest throughout the recovery. And we’re – that’s a combination of confidence and courage and uncertainty. And – but we saw really good production numbers, particularly in the commercial middle market space last – this past quarter. And while we still aren’t certain that we’re turning the corner there. We are seeing some encouraging signs and I’ll ask John Turner who runs that business for us to make a few comments, to give you a little bit more detail around it.
Grayson Hall: Well, that’s being our last question, we really appreciate everyone’s time. We thank you for your attendance today. I appreciate your interest in Regions Financial, and look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
David Turner: Yes, Betsy, I want to add a couple of things. We don’t focus on trying to get to any particular loan deposit ratio. We believe the core of any bank franchise is the ability to attract and retain low-cost core deposit and we are very good at that. Regardless of if our loan-to-deposit ratio was even lower, we send a message to the field every day, all day about attracting low-cost core deposit. That’s just so fundamental to our profitability. That being said, we would love to have those deposits deployed in the loan book versus somewhere else, securities or otherwise. And we’re looking to grow loans as is prudent. And we did a little better this quarter, we’ll talk about loans in a minute. But we have good core funding. We’re ready to grow loans, but we’re not going to force it. We’re going to take what’s out there. Our teams are working hard to grow appropriately, and again, we’re not trying to solve for a given ratio.
David Turner: Yes, that’s a great question, because we’re really talking about holding the company debt versus bank debt. We – the liquidity profile of the bank is in great shape, as we just mentioned. We do have some corporate needs too at the holding company that that we need to take care of. The exact timing of that not sure, which quarter that will hit in. It likely be towards the end of the year. So I don’t know that there will be a whole lot of impact from that this year could be some. But the general corporate purposes include things like our share buyback too that we had to think through how we fund that. So that’s really what it’s about.
David Turner: Yes, sure. So before we get to NIM, which is at the result what we talked about NII. So we believe we can continue to grow NII. We’ve talked about the fact that we had good production from a loan standpoint. We expect loan growth to be more robust in the second-half of the year than it was in the first-half of the year. We’ve done a good job of controlling our deposit cost. Our deposit costs were up 1%, call that at 10% beta. Thus far, we’re not been able see, it’s been among the lowest of our peer group. And it really gets back to all the discussion we had on our deposit franchise and our beta and our core accrual smaller markets that we get deposits from. So we think that – the curves helped a little bit. I would tell you on the corporate side, LIBOR starts to move before increases happened. So we did get the June increase. The commercial side of that started to reflect it earlier, because LIBOR moved in advance. We do pickup a little bit more on the consumer side their prime base. Kudos in terms of the probability of the December rate increase, it’s not very high from a profitability standpoint right this minute. But as the market starts to anticipate that LIBOR to move too, I think our outlook really takes into account today’s boards. From a NIM standpoint, we did have 2 basis points that came through NIM this past quarter on recoveries – credit recoveries. We had guided a three to five. Last quarter, we ended up with seven and the two points really came from that. We don’t forecast those recoveries if they happen, they happen. And so that’s a little piece of the disconnect, where you’re trying to figure out why it’s stable to up modestly. You also have to look at where we are. I mean, we have a – on a relative basis to our peers, a pretty strong NIM. And when we have the curve, it’s pretty flat. So the profitability of what goes on relative to our existing NIM is even harder. So you don’t see quite the expansion that we’ve had. But if you take out the 2 points that I just mentioned, we should see growth similar to what we saw in the last quarter.
David Turner: Yes, we put in a plan to get down to that 9.5% by the end of 2018. We’ve mentioned numerous times, we can’t quite get there. We don’t think, at least, it depends on what loan growth looks like over that period of time. We’ll get close. We had anticipated, of course, we knew what our ask was at that time. We just are reluctant about sharing anything specific until our regulatory supervisors have an opportunity to object or not object. And so we’re confident at the submission even though we didn’t know. And we’re confident, we can get to that 9.5 in due time and we’re confident we’re going to get to our 12% to 14% return on tangible common by then as well. So everything is coming together, as we planned. As we stated in the Investor Day over a year-and-a-half ago, we feel very good about where we’re marching towards that goal at this point in time.
David Turner: And so, I mean, I just used that as an example of where not only we’re trying to reduce expenses, but we’re trying to accelerate the pace of that expense management activity.
David Turner: Yes. So it’s a great question. Clearly, we – it’s critical that we get our common equity Tier 1 and other ratios to follow along with that to an appropriate level of capital for our company and optimized best we can, both in common and preferred – common items like preferred And I think that we can do that over this fairly short period of time. As you optimize your capital based on the risk within your balance sheet, we do start leaning more towards a higher percentage of our income being paid out in a full dividend. So we had as files our ratio in the 30% to 40% range, that’s moving up in the 35% to 45% range. As time goes, we’ll refine that as well. But I would think that right now based on where we are in the 35% to 45%, would seem to be a reasonable dividend payout ratio for us.
David Turner: Yes, Ken, it’s a great question, and you did the math exactly right. So you’re – take that $899 and back out the settlement fees, you get closer to another items you mentioned, you get about where our run rate is. Clearly, we are intently focused on managing our expense base. Grayson mentioned revenue is challenged. Erika brought up revenue being challenged. We get that. We’re not counting on rates to bail us out. And as a result, we are focused on everything expense-related from people, process, technology. And right now, we think that that run right that you mentioned is fairly accurate for us for the remainder of this year.
David Turner: Yes, as you know, about 60% – a little over 60% of our – or right at 60% of o our total expenses is compensation-related. So if you’re going to move the meter on expenses, you’re going to move it based on that. And so being able to – we have natural attrition as every company does, takes care of a piece of that, trying to change processes up quicker than we otherwise would have done to the piece of that not having to backfill people that attrit is important. As John mentioned, the branch consolidation, so we’ve put 22 on the Board and maybe we don’t consolidate quite at the pace that we have done in the recent history. We continue to look at our retail footprint in terms of consolidations and additions. So for us managing expenses all about optimizing everything that we do and we have a pretty high sense of urgency to get that done. So we’re going to look to bring forward as much as we can. Again, our goal is focusing on getting our return by the end of 2018 in that range of 112% to 14% and expense management is a critical piece of that.
David Turner: Yes. So I’ll give you some parameters. So we don’t really factor in data for the next quarter. But kind of over the next 12 months, our beta assumptions really haven’t changed. They started 40%, end up at 60% at the terminal pass-through. I think a good guide that you might want to have everybody could use is for every 5 data points, it’s about $8 million for us. So as we get a hike, that could be anywhere from $50 million to $60 million of NII just depending on what happens from a beta standpoint. We do think that the pace of change or pace of rate increases is helpful to keep beta down. But we also are realistic in knowing at some point, we’re going to have to pass-through some of the increase at a faster pace than we have today, which is only 10%. So we think we’re probably a little conservative in terms of our longer-term beta assumption, especially for the next increase or two.
David Turner: Yes, that’s a great question. And I’m glad you brought it up, because that’s not a static number. The 9.5%, we evaluate that all the time. We look at our risk profile. We think through the derisking that we’ve done. That 9.5% could go both ways. I mean, if we put more risk on the balance sheet, because we decide do something else, we’ll hold appropriate capital for it. But if we derisk continue to derisk the 9.5% goes lower than that, and I think it’s incumbent upon us. We’ve espoused 9.5% and we’ve kind of left it alone at that, because we’re at 11.3. Now let us get the 9%, as we start approaching 9.5%, we’ll give you a better indication as to what – tighten that up a little bit. But it’ll be over time for us get to that number.
David Turner: You did really good math, that’s about where we’ll be we need right at $700 million of preferred over time to bolster our Tier 1, which we’re solving through common equity. So, our capital regime is really about getting the capital down to the appropriate level, but optimizing this fact as well. So we want to solve the common equity Tier 1 with common equity obviously non-common needs to be a component of that, it’s cheaper than our cost of common today and you’ve nailed it.
David Turner: Well, we won’t. And we will – we’re going to wait as long as we can, because we don’t want to have the negative carry. And we’ll do that in conjunction with the whole optimization and rightsizing. So timing is critically important to us and we’ve got that timing down path.
David Turner: To the extent that we have – so our commitment is to have an appropriate amount of capital common equity Tier 1, as well as Tier 1. And if we’re solving Tier 1 with common equity, I don’t think there’s regulatory supervisor that hears that you solve that with that type of capital instrument. So we don’t have to issue of non-common instrument, preferred instrument unless we’re taking our common out as well at the same time. So we’re not forced to have negative periods, where I think we’re going.
