O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. Well, in conclusion, Regions is moving forward and gaining momentum. We are executing our business plans. We're capitalizing on our franchise's opportunities. We're actively managing our strong capital base and incrementally improving profitability quarter-to-quarter. Our first quarter results demonstrates progress we're making on several important fronts and these include: Prudently and profitably expanding our loan application pipelines; expanding and deepening our customer relationships; lowering our overall funding costs; continuing to stabilize our net interest margin while at the same time, continuing to reduce our overall risk profile, while adhering to disciplined expense management. We are committed to further progress in 2013, as we continue to prudently work towards maximizing Regions franchise value. I'll turn the meeting back over to List for the instructions for the Q&A portion of our call. Thank you for your time.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. Matt, clearly, it's a pretty competitive marketplace today and we are seeing pricing pressure within the marketplace. I would tell you that looking at the data, it would seem to indicate that while the pressure's there, we're still holding spread margins slightly above historical rates. But it does appear that spreads continue to very slowly move downward. But I would say, our numbers seem to indicate holding fairly steady with a bias on the downside. But we continue to feel like -- that in our marketplaces and in the segments we're choosing to compete that we are still able to hold pricing at a pretty favorable point. In addition, our overall underwriting and structure, which includes pricing, we continue to believe that we are prudently adding to our balance sheet. And I'll ask Barb Godin, Barb's with us to sort of give you a little bit of color on what we're seeing coming on to the balance sheet.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, I think that C&I charge-offs, by their nature, always is going to be somewhat uneven. And we saw some unevenness this quarter, but still overall asset quality trends continue to be in the right direction.
O. B. Grayson Hall: John, let me ask John Asbury very quickly to speak to that issue. John runs our Business Services group and he can speak more specifically to those spreads and yields.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We obviously -- we have a short-term lending product that we offer today. And we've been in close communication with the CFPB. This juncture has not many clarification of our guidance come out on this types of products. We're working with them daily to understand sort of what the direction will be, and we'll adjust accordingly. We continue to adjust the products that we offer to be more customer friendly and continue to try to meet customer needs in that particular part of the segment.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. Gaston, we continue to be very disciplined and rigorous around looking at our branches in terms of branch activity, in terms of transaction counts, in terms of new accounts open, as well as looking at the overall staffing in those branches. We, as David said, we reduced our number of branch outlets over the past 3 years -- last few years, approximately 16%. We continue to have fairly -- we still continue to make adjustments to those number of branches and that develops over the course of the year, as our process unfolds. But you should not anticipate any large swings in our number of branches. But we make -- we're making course corrections as we see the opportunities and we'll do that every year and we'll continue to do it.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think when you look at the loan portfolio, you see we put 15-year mortgages on our balance sheet, but when you look at the absolute of level that, in relationship with the size of our portfolio it's fairly modest. The other issue is, if you look at our commercial lending, if you look at small business lending, the lower end of middle market, a lot of that is term-based lending with an amortizing loan. But when you -- the further up you go in that market, the less of that you see. And today, on a dollars basis, still 3/4 of our business and commercial portfolio is variable rate priced. And so from a duration standpoint, we still think on the loan portfolio, we're holding ourselves in a pretty good position.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We do view it somewhat of a rate hedge, but also as an NIR opportunity to generate some additional revenues for the company. When you look at it, our servicing portfolio, a little over $40 billion, and adding $3 billion to that, we think we have the capacity to do that. Our appetite, I would call our appetite limited, but still have an appetite for that asset and think it's incrementally favorable to our overall operation. We think we've got a team that's pretty good at that. We want to make sure that we don't create any capacity issues with that team, but we feel pretty good about where our appetite setting is for that business today. We're still a relatively small -- a very small player in that space.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that if you look again trying to say what's different this quarter from last quarter, we still see modest demand for credit. That being said, we've seen better diversity of demand. We're seeing more demand from smaller middle market businesses than we've seen previously. Again, modest but better diversity of demand. Still strong demand in the upper end of C&I, but I would tell you that the mix of demand we're getting today, we consider to be an encouraging sign.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll speak and I'll let David add to that his comments. But when you think about efficiency, clearly, in a low-rate, slow growth environment, expense management just has to be foundational in the way we operate the business. And we're going to continue to focus on expenses very rigorously. But if you look at the efficiency ratio, the 2 sides of that coin, one is expense, the other is revenue. And quite frankly, when you break our numbers down more granularly, the revenue side of that equation is probably one we need to work on more. The expense side though we continue to focus on, and we still believe that, that will come down. First quarter is always a challenging quarter for a number of seasonal issues and a number of day count issues. But we still see the opportunity to improve that ratio going forward with a balanced approach on both sides of that calculation.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. We're staying -- we are trying to continue to grow our business within our footprint and within the businesses that we compete today. But we have not expanded beyond our footprint. And we have not -- we've not expanded beyond the products we offer today. We don't see doing that at the moment.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, Marty, as you have -- as you're well aware, I mean, the Southeast has probably been one of the tougher markets to operate in over the last 3 or 4 years. And I would -- my comment was that what's changed over the last quarter for us is that we're seeing broader demand from a physical geography standpoint. We divide up our franchise into a number of different markets, and more of those markets are growing loans this quarter than were last quarter. In addition, we also divide our customer base up into segments. And I would tell you for the last several quarters, for example, in commercial and industrial lending, we've seen most of that demand for credit in the upper end of that market segment is purely from a segmentation standpoint. This quarter, we're seeing more demand in the lower and middle part of that segment, which is an encouraging sign of our recovery. I do think that we're seeing that broadness both on a segmentation basis and on a geography basis. Clearly, some of the strongest geographies in our business, in our footprint, have clearly been in Texas, Louisiana markets. And for a while, we're, to a large degree, limited to some of those markets, but now it's much more broad.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll tell you that we were, first of all, we were very pleased to get a favorable response to our capital plan recommendations and our -- positioning ourselves to be able to execute those plans over the next several months. If we sort of look at the progress we've made as a company over the last couple of years and trying to put ourselves in position to be able to return more capital to our shareholders, we think we've made good progress. We have been incrementally increasing our action plans to do that. I think you should anticipate that as our company continues to incrementally improve our financial results, then we will seek opportunities to incrementally improve our return to shareholders. It is, as you know, it's a much more disciplined process today, and it's a much more regulated process, and we're working through that process and trying to demonstrate that we can effectively manage our capital position. I think what you saw this year was a very conservative first step on our part and hopefully, over time, we can deliver even better news. I do think that there's opportunities to do that, but we've got to continue to perform. And that's what we're working hard to do.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, thank you, everyone, for your time this morning. And we certainly appreciate it. And we will talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Barbara Godin: Thank you, Grayson. Yes, what we're seeing right now, very happy with the asset quality that's going on the book, you have to risk some pressure on structures, the pressure on price. But all in, it's clearly within our risk appetite. In fact, below our risk appetite levels right now. So we anticipate that, that book will perform well, both now and in the future.
Barbara Godin: Yes. Matt, it's Barb Godin again. We have 3 C&I credits -- large credits total of $39 million. We had a reserve against them of $32 million. And again, that caused a little bit of the bump in the release that we saw. But again, no trend. It's at the point right now that we're going to see some bumpiness as we move out of the back end of the cycle.
Barbara Godin: Thank you, Grayson. We don't have as many assets in that asset class as we previously did, particularly in the distressed environment. In total, Betsy, I look at our OREO balance as an example, we only have $133 million of those. We were able to get -- move those relatively quickly and [indiscernible] some decent pricing. What we moved in to held-for-sale as a well, I mean, right now we only have $66 million left in our held-for-sale portfolio. Majority of that is being turned within a 12-month period. So we don't see as much coming in the front end, either at the held-for-sale or OREO from the Investor Real Estate classes. We're seeing more in the C&I right now coming in. And in terms of overall pricing, however, going back to that comment, we are seeing a number of markets across our footprint that have increased in pricing. South Florida is one example, we're even seeing the Atlanta market, the Birmingham market. Some of our major markets have clearly moved in a positive direction.
Barbara Godin: No. I think you hit the nail on the head. I mean, we do evaluate, bottoms up, every quarter. We look at every single loans and look at what the best outcome is for our shareholders. And that might mean holding those loans a little bit longer. But having said, that if you look at some of our numbers our actual numbers that we keep more than a year in NPL has dropped dramatically. Again, in general, we try to turn our nonperforming loan book over in a 12-month period.
Barbara Godin: Jennifer, it's Barb Godin. Our actual multifamily outstandings are down on a year-over-year basis, from $2.3 billion down to $1.6 billion. So again, we're being very careful as to what we're putting in to that asset class.
David J. Turner: Yes. John, this is David. We have talked, historically, that we've got the reserve pending. There are some changes in accounting that are coming. So ignoring those for the time being, that our reserves would be in that 1.50% to 2% range. And I know that's a fairly wide margin, and as we get clarity on how things are shaking out, we will refine that. The question is, the time period on when that -- we'll get to that reserve level and is really based off, obviously, charge-offs and what's going on the books. And we're seeing continued improvement in all of our credit metrics. You heard about the 3 credits in C&I. So our charge would have been lower. But I think, going forward, that we would be -- we expected to be in sub-2% range. But the timing of that, we just can't be as clear.
David J. Turner: Yes. Josh, we continue to look at that in terms of our modeling. In just rough numbers, we would be in the 25 to 50 basis points of probably additional capital that we would have to keep to soften any change in market changes because of the rapid change that could occur there. Obviously, we're hopeful that certain things get carved out, the final rules. But right now, as is, that's what the capital impact would be.
David J. Turner: Yes. Gaston, we've obviously given guidance on total expenses. As you get down into a more granular level, it gets a little more difficult. If you look at those other expense categories, in particular what you saw in there were OREO and held-for-sale expenses, we're seeing some gains on disposition of assets that are in those numbers that have kept those pretty low. Of course, our held-for-sale and OREO balances together are less than about $200 million today. And I'll you from OREO standpoint, that's below historically where we've been. So we see controlling that going forward as being really important to that other expense line item. We kind of like to think about our expenses in terms of the top 3: Salaries and benefits, number 1; occupancy, number 2; furniture and equipment expense, number 3. And so making sure we focus on ensuring we have the right number of talented people working for us is something we look at. We continue to make investments in talent, we'll do that going forward. We've looked at our infrastructure. In terms of branching, we've reduced branches more since 2007 than any other bank, about 16%. But nonetheless, we continue to look at branch locations and we had some consolidation last year of branches as we did the year before, and I'm sure we'll have some this year. And we'll have investments in new branches and new formats. So there's really no one big rock that you can look at in terms of expense reduction. That's why we don't come up -- we haven't developed a branded expense initiative. It is cultural, it is built into every expense line item that we have to make sure that we're prudent with regards to expenses. So I would look at those 4, 5 things that I pointed to in terms of understanding the direction of where our expenses may go.
David J. Turner: Yes. If you look at our investment portfolio, we have extended duration slightly, it's just over 3 years. We've done a couple of things there though, we have some new asset classes in the investment portfolio, some new issue CMBS, some corporates that we didn't have that we think protects us a little bit on extension risks. But you really have to look at our balance sheet in total, and isolating it in any one spot can be detrimental. We are still asset sensitive as you see -- as you will see in our disclosures. You saw it in our 10-K, you'll see it in our 10-Q, and we continue to be that way, which is why we're, to the extent, we do have an increase in rates, you should see a fairly sizable improvement in our net interest income and the resulting margin.
David J. Turner: Yes. We're about the 23rd largest servicer roughly, which is about 0.44% market share. So we're really not that large, but we are good at it. And we have our team dedicated to this. Obviously, we went through all the issues and have done a great job, and we like the return profile. You mentioned the rate hedge, that's a part of it. The capacity is part of it too, and we have the ability to add some even from where you are today. And so we'll look opportunistically for those chances to improve that portfolio, increase that portfolio.
David J. Turner: Betsy, we -- our NIM, obviously, is supported in large part due to our -- the liability side of the balance sheet, first and foremost our deposits. So I had mentioned that we have $5.6 billion from the CDs maturing at a 93 basis point rate going into 25 basis point rate. As we think about disposition of those assets, we've had a program for a long time to evaluate every one of those to get our best execution on disposition. And it's not just about getting rid of nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets, but is what is the best long-term play -- best play for our shareholders. And where we see opportunities to sell, we sell. When we see opportunities to work out, we keep that. So we do understand that we can get our NPLs down a whole lot quicker if we just pulled them up and sold them, but we're not confident that that's the best execution for our shareholders, which we why we haven't done it. And Barb, you may want to...
David J. Turner: Yes. Ken, what you're looking at on the earning assets included the putting -- changes in cash and some of the liability management that we've had and we'll continue to see some liability management. We haven't been specific with those, but we still have opportunities on that front. So earning assets, the biggest driver of earning assets stability will be loan growth. And as we mentioned in our prepared comments, we expect that growth to occur in the low-single digits during this year. The specific timing of that is a little harder because we still are disposing of some of the assets, and in particular in our Investor Real Estate portfolio. But we're encouraged with our increase in production, in our loan categories. And I think that you could see a slowing of the attrition going forward on earning assets. And as we put more loans on the books, that's also going to support a higher overall net interest income. Obviously, we're still a little bit at the mercy of the interest rate environment. You've seen the 10-year jump around quite a bit in the first quarter. And so where we are from reinvesting our cash flows off of our investment portfolios is important to us. It's $500 million a month we have to put to work. And so being able to give you confidence on NII dollars is a little more difficult, but with the loan growth we expect the ability to be able to do that is enhanced.
David J. Turner: Yes. I will tell you, Ken, that the efficiency ratio, call it, 64% change, from a seasonality standpoint, has a couple of points in there that work against us in this first quarter. Even with that, we would like to get our efficiency ratio down into the high-50s. And we think, in time, we can get there, perhaps needing a little bit of a rate pickup to get there. But while we wait for that, our focus is on improving both NII and NIR. Integrations point revenue is the biggest driver of improvement. So as you think through NII growing loans and having more of our balance sheet, more of our earning assets and loans versus security. So today, we have 25% of our earning assets that are investment securities and that number should be in the 18% range, just round numbers. So getting loan growth and repositioning there is really important to us. We continue to look on the right side of the balance sheet in terms of liability management to help us on interest expense. And then we're also looking at growing our households, and we mentioned that in our prepared comments because it's important to us to continue to add, in particular, checking account households to us because it brings us a source of non-interest revenue. And so we think we can continue to grow NIR through the development of new products and services. I mentioned the Now Banking product, where we've tripled our customers over the past year, have been a great source of non-interest revenue for us. So continuing to understand what our customers need and want, and developing products and services that meet those needs and therefore, growing our total revenue will be the key to us improving that efficiency ratio and our commitment to generating positive operating leverage. So it's not just an expense play for us, it's all about making sure that we can generate positive operating leverage in the long run.
David J. Turner: We end up -- our commitment has been, really, kind of year-over-year. The first quarter had some benefits in it relative to held-for-sale and OREO expenses. We had some gains in that quarter. We're continuing to work on those expenses to get them down even further from the first quarter. But right now, our guidance to you is really a year-over-year basis is as far as we've committed thus far.
David J. Turner: We have -- it is very close. I don't know that we can claim victory just yet on it. We're down slightly in the first quarter about $400 million. Production is up, pipelines we're encouraged with, but we still have that $800 million. The timing of how that gets dealt with is what's harder to tell. Again, we've looked at -- in giving guidance on what the year will look like, but we are very close to where that attrition stops in Investor Real Estate. We believe you will see that in the second half of 2013.
David J. Turner: Earning asset growth also gets driven by how we use some of our cash and liability management. So it's harder to compare earning asset changes to loan growth. I think the better way to look at it is to think of what the composition of those earning assets will be in the back half of the year versus where they have been, which is obviously more deployment in the loan book than in the securities book, as being a big driver. As we think about overall NIM, we're sitting here at a 3.13%. I mentioned in my prepared comments that 2 of those points are related to day count, so you need to level set there. And we're telling you right now that our margin is relatively stable looking out. If, in fact, we can execute on -- and it's right to do to execute on some additional liability management initiatives, then we might have some incremental lift from there. But again, caution you on -- that wouldn't be a tremendous lift, but it would be incremental.
David J. Turner: Marty, I'd tell you and staying fairly broad that we had, obviously, mentioned our income tax numbers, the $9 million and the $4 million. So you need to think about that in terms of -- and that's tax, right? So that's $0.01 there. You can look at the traction of our quarter-to-quarter in terms of payroll taxes that we would have some pickup there, but we had some favorable held-for-sale and OREO cost too. So it's harder to give you, without giving you specific guidance for the next quarter, which I'm not going to do, but we're trying to -- if you take your $0.23 and start carving out those one-offs that we mentioned, we're trying to give you some guidance as to what would not repeat in the subsequent quarters. But I think you hit the specific ones that you should look at.
David J. Turner: Craig, I don't have that specifically. Obviously, all that's baked into the overall guidance that I gave you. But I don't have the pieces of that impact and maturities, but we can get that to you.
David J. Turner: Yes. A lot of this -- we have both. Obviously, we have some pieces in debt that are swapped and some that are not. And if you look at our overall long-term debt cost we're just -- we're right at $6 billion. Slightly underneath that, that after swap impact, is just under 5%. That's the liability management initiative if you just take that globally and think about where spreads are for us today that provide us an opportunity to execute some liability management to get that cost down. We do have some swaps on our loan book. I don't recall anything large rolling off anytime in the near term that's going to negatively impact our net interest income and the resulting margin though.
David J. Turner: Yes. That was a little bit of what the -- one of the questions we're trying to get as to when that starts to grow. And it's a little harder -- the kind of guidance that we're trying to give you is if you take our number today at $7.3 billion and you think of 800 of that needing -- $800 million being in a book troubled category of rolling out, our production is increasing. We're encouraged by our pipelines. And when that actually shifts and bottoms out, Craig, is a little hard. It will be in the second half of 13. I don't know that you'll see this by the end of the second quarter. I think you're into the second half before it occurs. And so that's about as good a guidance that we can give you right now.
David J. Turner: Yes. It's about $7.3 billion in total. You were given just the real estate mortgage number. There's another, I'll call it, $1 billion in construction. And you're right. To your point, we like the growth. It's not a lot of growth, but you can kind of see quarter-over-quarter. Starting in the middle of last year, there was slight growth throughout '13. We are seeing opportunities there, but that book is still fairly small.
David J. Turner: Yes. We're continuing to evaluate what that OLA impact will be to the regional space. That's largely, if you look at some of the letters that have been sent in from Congress, in particular, are really leaning towards the bigger money center banks. That being said, we understand that we have to consider everything that's out there in the industry, including how much debt we might need to carry. We are looking for better -- clearer guidance as to what that ultimately would be. As we have deleveraged ourselves, given where our spreads had traded earlier, we thought it was a prudent thing to do for our shareholders. Our spreads have tightened up nicely. They're obviously never good enough for us, but we'd like them to be -- we're encouraged by where they have moved. And as we think about how we've capitalized the bank, and I'm talking about long-term debt and equity capital, and our goal is to make that as efficient as possible over the long haul, such that our capital structure is sustainable for any environment that we may have, whether we're in a low-rate environment or a growth environment. So we obviously think about that efficiency first, and then we think about whatever regulatory implications there might be from changes. So to the extent the rules come out and, say, we need to go on a particular direction, we will adapt and overcome and deal with it. But right now, we don't have that clear guidance as to what that means for the absolute debt levels for the regional bank space.
David J. Turner: Gerard, I'll start and Matt or Barb can jump in. I would tell you that those are elements of the same conversation. Obviously, criticized and classified, you heard on our prepared comments, we think now that that's disclosed and available to the public is an important view of what credit quality is in any financial institution. We used that, which is determined by our internal ratings as they are at every other bank, as an indicator of what embedded loss would be based on how those loans migrate through our process. I don't believe the regulators have any stipulated percentage of criticized and classifieds that may have been a way they looked at it globally in the past, but I don't think that's with what they're getting at today. I think they're looking for all of us to have a robust process that's documented and repeatable, that provides both to our shareholders and to them as our regulators, what an appropriate allowance should be. What happens is the coverage ratios, we compare those among peers, just to give us an indication as to how we shake out. But one should be very careful about comparing peer ratios, because we all have different loan books, we all are in different geographies, different loan types. And I think that what you ought to look at is how is our loan credit quality migrating from quarter-to-quarter, which will give you a better indication of what our ultimate reserving needs to be.
David J. Turner: I'd like to start with net income, be kind of a good one. I think that -- I think underneath that is probably what your question is and what really will drive your income higher, and I'm talking absolute dollars. And so as Grayson mentioned and I've tried to support that, for us, growing our revenue base is important. And when you are essentially a spread bank, 63% of our revenue being in NII, you think about what change is there. So you think of liability management, you think about optimizing the less side of the balance sheet, more loans versus securities, growing earning assets, in particular in loans which is what we're all about. So getting our NII up and getting our result -- resulting margin close to what it had been in the past, which was in that 3.35 range to 3.50 range. And you think of NII and what can grow that revenue, and you think of adding new customers and new products and services, so you've seen that come out of Regions quarter-after-quarter and we will continue to stay focused on that. So really, Gerard, for us, to get the kind of returns that we will all be happy with, is really about growing our revenue base. And of course, we all recognize we're challenged in a low growth environment. So while we're here, we're going to do the things I just talked about, while prudently managing our expenses, such that we generate positive operating leverage, such that we can have a reasonable return to our shareholders until 1 day that the rate environment changes.
