O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. And let me close just by quickly recapping the notable accomplishments in the past few months. We are pleased that a number of significant events are now largely behind us. We have raised capital, selling $900 million of new common stock. We have completed the sale of Morgan Keegan. We have repaid the government's preferred investment. We have made significant strides in addressing our asset quality issues as confirmed by the notable improvement in asset quality metrics. And we continue to deliver excellent customer service while investing in new technology and process improvements. As a result of these actions, we can now focus more of our resources on fundamentals and on executing our business plans and growing our franchise. I am proud of the progress we've made and I believe the second quarter of 2012 marks the start of a new chapter for Regions. We look forward to a shift in focus where the emphasis will be on profitable and prudent growth. I am confident that we have the right business plans in place and the talent to execute successfully. I'm also increasingly optimistic about the opportunities ahead, even in what we assume to be a relatively slow growth 2012 economy. We are committed to taking advantage of these opportunities and deliver improved, high-quality results to our stakeholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions. Thank you.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Because Jefferson, as you look at it, we've been in a very defensive posture over the last few quarters from a capital and liquidity perspective, and we do believe we are at the point that we can move a little more off of defense, onto offense in terms of prudently generating new business. We do see the opportunity starting to increase for us in our markets. Obviously, our strengthening position will help us from a competitive perspective.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And, Matt, if you look at the most problematic segment of our portfolio, it's been the investor commercial real estate, down 32% over a year ago. We ended the quarter at roughly $10.1 billion but if you get a little more granular into that portfolio, you'll see that construction's down over 50% and that portfolio is now slightly under $1 billion, $955 million. You look at some of the more problematic groups, the land, the single-family and condominium, down 40% year-over-year and all of those components, land's down slightly under $800 million; single family is about $800 million; and condo's down to $130 million. So as you look at the makeup and composition of that $10.1 billion, it continues to be a stronger story.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I'll try to answer that question in a couple different directions. I'd say one, from a competitive standpoint, obviously, we're operating in 16 states, predominantly in the Southeast. But I'd say, what we've seen is some pretty strong competition. And I would say most of that competition has been around pricing, not so much on covenants, but certainly, you've seen some pricing competition as there's been a strong effort from all of our competitors to try to grow loans prudently. So we are seeing that. I would tell you, when you look at the business side of our balance sheet, most of that growth has been in the commercial industrial lending, predominantly in the upper end of that --of the middle market. And I would say specifically, where we've seen our most success is in what we call specialized industries, which has been asset-based lending in health care and energy in particular. We've seen strong growth in those segments and -- but I would tell you, that's been sort of broad-based across the footprint. Florida has never particularly been a strong commercial industrial state but we are seeing some improving signs in the state of Florida. I would tell you most of the borrowings tend to be around CapEx. There's a lot of investment in technology and in equipment that we're financing at this point in time. I'll tell you on the consumer side, we're still seeing, as David mentioned earlier, we're seeing very strong growth on the residential mortgage segment. We had about $1.6 billion in production in the first quarter, $200 million of that was in a HARP 2 segment and about 60% was refinancing. Our refinance and new home purchase is running about 60-40. We are seeing even stronger pipelines in both consumer and business in the early part of the second quarter. Auto, indirect auto lending continues to be strong with us -- for us, I would tell you that obviously, pricing has gotten more competitive in that segment as well, but we're still pleased with the spreads that we're seeing.
O. B. Grayson Hall: It varies by state. Obviously, purchase has been a more dominant -- more dominant in states like Florida. We've had a stronger purchase percentage out of Florida just because of the inability for many of those mortgage holders to execute or refinance. Obviously, HARP 2 has changed that to some degree and our application volume for the first quarter, applications for HARP 2 is about 20% of total volume. We think it will be stronger than that for the second quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: You got -- I would tell you that the sort of way we look at our loan growth is you'd look that first quarter obviously, as David mentioned a moment ago, you need to look a little beyond period-to-period averages and look at ending balances. We actually were a little stronger on ending balances than the averages would tend to -- indicate. We do anticipate that we'll continue to see growth in the segments I've previously mentioned. But that -- and we'll see a more moderate decline in commercial real estate over the year. Commercial real estate was down about $600 million period-to-period, which is a more moderate decline than we've seen previously. We think there's still some moderation in that. But it's still declining. We do think that from start to finish, that our loans outstanding will be fairly stable but you'll continue to see modest runoff in the first half of the year and modest growth in the second half of the year.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Okay. Let me try to answer your questions. First of all, I think from a fee revenue standpoint, in terms of Non-interest revenues, clearly, the first quarter benefited from a very strong level of production in our mortgage group. We do not see that abating. That continues early into the first quarter. Our pipelines and our applications that we're receiving to date would not indicate that that's abating anytime soon. So we would anticipate a continuous strong quarter in that regard. On the consumer side, as we've mentioned before, the consumer checking account, we've really been in a transition for several months of migrating our consumer checking account base from basically a free checking offering to more of a fee eligible offering with hurdles around balances and transaction types and we've successfully sort of bridged that transition and starting to see good results from that regard. We also introduced a number of products into our consumer offerings, prepaid cards and some money transfer types of activities and check cashing kind of activities that have augmented our service charges. We continue to introduce products into the consumer suite that will generate some level of revenue, but that are meeting very legitimate customer needs and trying to grow the consumer side of the portfolio. I'd also mention, since we acquired our credit card portfolio, we're generating a pretty strong interchange revenue off of that portfolio, as well as we continue to see growth in the debit card transactions. We've seen year-over-year growth in debit card in spite of all the changes that have been made to that product. So we have said that we think over time, we can mitigate the impact of the revenue challenges we have on NIR. And so far, our results are tracking on target to a little better than target.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We are not -- we, at the capital markets group, I think, had a good first quarter. But we actually are encouraged about what we think might happen through the rest of the year. And I do think that you mentioned earlier, the continuing relationship with Raymond James, they continue to be a good customer of ours, as well as a partner on a number of fronts. And so, we are hopeful that, that turns into business for us later in the year.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Having the investment credit rating back and having what I said [ph], a better position of strength from a capital perspective will allow our commercial bankers to compete more effectively in this market.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Kevin, we -- if you have to, when you look at the service charge revenue streams that we have, the revenue stream for overdrafts and insufficient funds, I think is the revenue stream that continues to be some level of debate over in the industry and part of that debate is around posting sequence and part of it is about funds availability and also parts of it is about sort of different institutions stances on waivers and refunds regarding the NSS. That revenue stream continues to decline for us and we anticipate that it will still continue to decline for some time to come. And we're repricing our products and readjusting our business model on existing products and addition of new products to offset that. We do still have -- we do anticipate that there will be rule changes -- further rule changes regarding this process that we'll adapt to and adjust to. But I think it's premature to speculate as to what those might be.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think that we're way early. Obviously, we've had a lot of conversations with our supervisors, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. But those conversations are confidential and I would tell you that we try to go through a risk assessment on all the products that we introduce. We try to make sure that they're fair and responsible, that they're treating customers fairly. I think those are all objectives that all of our supervisors agree with. But I do anticipate changes in this space and it's just too early. From my vantage point, it's just too early to call.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Just again, let me thank everyone for your time and attention today. We certainly appreciate your interest in Regions and we look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
David J. Turner: Jefferson, what we've kind of guided to is that over time, we believe we can be in that 1% to 1.2% ROA. The question is timing. And clearly, as the economy improves, our ability to attain that level is more achievable. We are continuing to look at credit. We had substantial improvements in credit. But that's going to be uneven. And so, we need to continue to focus on credit, as well as having our balance sheet work harder for us now that we've received our ratings upgrade and we're outside of TARP. So we'll start working towards that range of ROA that I mentioned. It's just timing.
David J. Turner: Well, we do believe that because of our deposit repricing opportunities that I mentioned, that our margin will -- you'll see improvement in our margin throughout the year.
David J. Turner: Matt, we really haven't given guidance quarter-to-quarter. What we said is we expect that, if you look at the year, that -- it goes back to Jefferson's question really, that we expect our NII and margin to be improved over where we were in 2011, so that's back-end loaded. And it's back-end loaded primarily because of the deposit cost, but also, to the point that you brought up -- getting the balance sheet working harder for us, really didn't begin in earnest until receiving the ratings upgrade and having the TARP repayments. So you saw a little bit of that movement in the repositioning of the investment portfolio. So it will take to the back half before you start seeing it.
David J. Turner: Well, we have a couple of maturities that are coming up this year and next year. We'll have to -- we continue to watch our credit spreads. They are coming in. They're still wider than we expect, and hope for over the long term. We do have a pretty low level of long-term debt compared to our equity and especially compared to our peers. But we will look for opportunities to take advantage of our tightening of credit spreads. And to the extent we see opportunities to refinance. In particular, we have one series of the trust preferreds that are at 8.8%. We'll be looking at that in particular.
David J. Turner: Yes. Let me answer in maybe a different way than you asked it. If you look at the expense run rate from the first quarter and you try to figure out what is kind of the seasonal component, there's $35 million to $40 million of that number that you would not expect to recur going forward. So you can put that in your model and that will get you an approximation on where -- the question you just asked.
David J. Turner: I would add that we did have some gains in the transactions related to held for sale and that's a function of our aggressive write-downs we take. The market, as Barb mentioned, in some cases is recovering. And we're seeing quite a few buyers coming to the market looking for these assets. So that's helped bolster prices. Get a little concerned to try to give you too much guidance as to where that could go in the future. I think we need to be careful that we don't get ahead of ourselves trying to predict that. So that's one of the uneven things that we want to continue to watch. But our OREO and held for sale portfolios have now gotten down to a relatively small level. And so, the volatility with that shouldn't be that great.
David J. Turner: Well, I think averaging can mislead you a little bit, that's why we put into the prepared comments that our ending earning assets are actually up 2%. So I think you ought to look at that as maybe a better indicator of where things could trend.
David J. Turner: Betsy, I think if you looked in kind of round terms, you're talking about a 13-basis point reduction due to that excess liquidity. Now getting back to Ken's point, we utilized some that excess cash post quarter end so our excess cash is now closer to the $2 billion, $2.5 billion range today. And we would look to continue to deploy our excess cash in the most meaningful way. We also would rather deploy our balance sheet into loans, more so than we have in the investment portfolio. That grew close to $2.5 billion and we'd much rather put it into loans but we want to put it into loans that have the right risk profile and are properly priced. So we are continuing to look for those opportunities and what you'll see over time is that we will have more aggressive plays on our balance sheet now that we have our ratings upgrade. In particular, looking at our investment portfolio, just an example is our deployment of $1 billion this past quarter into the corporate bond portfolio. It takes a little more credit risk. It helps us to meet the extension risk that we have in the investment portfolio from rising grades. And those things over time, will help us from an NII and end resulting NIM.
David J. Turner: I'll add one thing to it. If you look at criticized and classified levels, those are clearly coming down. We think that's one of the best places, first places that you look in terms of assessing credit quality, and those are coming down. We'll be disclosing our potential problem loan number, which is the inflow of numbers that we've talked about before in the $350 million to $400 million range. So that is a -- we believe showing that -- an improvement. So I think that we want to be careful with regards to the provisioning. Did I say the range is $350 million to $450 million...
David J. Turner: Yes, we continue to look at that because we know that's where we're different than our peers. We can't come up with a compelling argument for us to keep those mortgages, primarily, the 15-year product that we normally would retain. But the spreads we can make, in terms of selling it -- selling the production versus putting it on our books and having what we think would be long-dated, pretty long-dated loans that we can take a proxy [ph] risk in the investment portfolio for that and have a better liquidity profile for that to be prepared for the loan growth that we really want to put on the books. So we'll continue to look at it, but we don't see that we would change that in the near term.
David J. Turner: Well, what I said was if you take the existing expense number and back off $35 million to $40 million of that, that is -- $35 million or $40 million in that first quarter that should not repeat. We do believe for the year, which is consistent with our previous guidance that our expenses should be down from 2011. And of course, that's adjusting 2011 for the goodwill impairment and we're sticking to that.
David J. Turner: Our guidance that we're giving you relative to NII and NIM takes all that into consideration including other hedges that we have on the books that will expire this year. So all in, we believe we're going to continue to have improvement in the margin. I think the -- we saw the change of 6 basis points. We don't see that necessarily repeating given the nature of how that unwinds in the first quarter, so you shouldn't extrapolate that.
David J. Turner: Well, this is David. We continue to monitor closely, credit. We have to all acknowledge that we're still in an unusual environment in the world economy. And we try to assess where reserves really end up. I think we would all agree that reserves are going to be higher than before we entered the crisis. And so, if entering in the crisis, you were in the 1.25 to 1.50 range, you're probably in that 1.50 to 2 range, and that's the best guess we have right now. We need to wait and see how this thing pans out. But I would think -- I know that's a wide margin, 1.50 to 2, but that's probably the best guidance that we would give you. And the question is in what time period -- we're at 3.3% today and what time period would that shift down? And that's a harder thing to answer because of the unevenness with regard to the economic recovery. So in time, I think we can get down to those levels.
David J. Turner: Yes. I think if you look at the first quarter, that certainly is your starting point with the expenses we talked about. But you need to be thinking about our deployment of our balance sheet in a more meaningful manner, including our excess cash to work, getting our investment portfolio to work, being able to participate in loan syndications now that we have our ratings back that we hadn't had before. All those help drive earning asset growth. And so, I think there's something in -- there should be more than just taking out those expenses that help drive improvements and overall PPNR.
David J. Turner: Well, I think as we talked earlier, we are experiencing pretty good growth in our C&I book and our pipelines remain strong. We're very encouraged there. We do have headwinds, which are continuing a moderation of a decline in Investor real estate. So that will slow some, but still decline and we still have the consumer that's deleveraging. In particular, our home equity line of credit book that continues to attrite [ph] because of this refinanced and or deleveraging that's occurring. It also is -- what impacts us versus our peers, is our decision not to retain the resident mortgages originations on our books versus selling them into the markets. So as we mentioned earlier, we think, if you look at the beginning of the year loan portfolio and you look at the end of the year, you're going to be about flat year-over-year. We're down about 1% end-to-end this first quarter and we'll see a little bit of attrition. But the back half, we expect the growth will take over that and get on the run rate in the second half leading into 2013.
David J. Turner: Well, we continue to look at that. We have 2 issues, a roughly $500 million issue at 6.6% and then we have a $350 million issue at 8.8%. We have put ourselves in position to be able to deal with either one of those. 8.8% is the more likely candidate given where our credit spreads are and I think that if -- a caller earlier had mentioned about our credit spreads. If our credit spreads tighten like we think they will over time, or hope that they will over time, then that gives us even better opportunity to either take them out from a cash standpoint and or replace them with cheaper debt. We still have to maintain our policy of cash at the holding company, which is 2 years worth of cash to take care of all debt service and dividends and so forth. And we're over that policy today, we will continue to maintain that, which if we took out that piece, would put us, depending on how things trend this year, could put us in the market. But for $350 million, we might be able to take it out for cash. We'll have to wait and see.
David J. Turner: John, that number had been in the $300 million range. I'm not -- we might be talking about something different on your $800 million. That's $300 million. We said over time, 3 quarters of that would come out as just -- when it comes out is based on improvements in the economy. Clearly, we have seen that in the first quarter. And we think that, that continue -- those costs will continue to abate. It's not just OREO and held for sale cost but it's all the people that we have that manage problem assets for us as well in terms of where we deploy them. And today, it's in dealing with problem assets to market to be elsewhere in the organization to help serve customers.
David J. Turner: Well, we had been -- our duration had been 2.5 years. Today, it's probably closer to 3. We put some corporate debt on the books, not a lot, about $1 billion this past quarter. And that duration's in the 4- to 5-year range, which is what drove that duration. But we like that asset class relative to the mortgage-backed securities given the volume that we had there.
Barbara Godin: And Matt, as we think about the allowance as well, as we've been making progress and strides on putting on better quality credits and rolling off of those weaker credits that too has an impact, a positive impact against our allowance needs. And as it relates to what we expect for further quarters, the only guidance I would give you is just remember that for each of the last couple of years, in the third quarter, we see a seasonal bump. There's no reason I wouldn't anticipate that this year, albeit hoping it will be muted from prior years. But it will be clearly choppy as we have come out. And as Grayson said, we are going to follow what the economy does.
Barbara Godin: Ken it's Barb Godin. I'll answer that question. As it relates to what we're seeing in our OREO expense, there's less write-downs that we're taking due to appraised values coming in. We're seeing some bottoming in some of our markets. In fact, in the handful of markets, we're actually starting to see some rates starting to move in the opposite direction. And beyond that, we've simply just not put as much into our OREO portfolio. So therefore, overall expenses have tailed down nicely. And again, we'd anticipate that they should, absent any large moves to OREO, should stay low.
Barbara Godin: Betsy, as well if you think about last year, a year ago, I would just point everyone to that where we all felt the economy was moving in the right direction or better direction. And of course then we have Europe that happened and then next [ph] global that followed that. So again, we're simply being very cautious as to how we think about the economy. We would still say it will be in a fragile state.
Barbara Godin: Erika, in fact, we've had a look not only at our own portfolio but what we service and in total, that number is roughly $3.7 million of our home equity that we would need to have been to non-accruals that would happen this quarter. We've also taken that as a proxy and used that to look at the rest of the portfolio. So our anticipation is that there would be an incremental monthly $10 million that could also happen coming from where others have the first, and we are holding the second mortgage. So all in, I would say a relatively immaterial number.
Barbara Godin: Yes. And John, as long as we're looking at what's happening with real estate values and prices, that's where I'm basing my remarks. That is that we have seen, as I've mentioned earlier, some of our markets stabilize. Some of the markets start to improve a little and of course, that directly impacts our OREO expense and cost. So as we see those things getting better throughout the year, hopefully, we won't be taking as many marks and our expense will be lower throughout the year. But again, depending on the economy.
