O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. While Regions continues to face some headwinds, we have a business plan in place that we believe will enable us to achieve sustainable performance and ensure attractive long-term returns for shareholders. And importantly, we are successfully executing our plan as demonstrated by our third quarter's results. We can't control the economic environment, but we are focused on those factors we can control. At Regions, we made it our priority to keep focused on our customers. To illustrate this, let me point out that approximately 80% of our associates are customer-facing, out in the field, in our branch offices, focusing on winning our customers' respect and loyalty, taking market share and profitably growing our business one customer at the time.  We are building sustainable profitability by diversifying and expanding our revenue streams and controlling our operating expenses. We are quickly adapting our product offerings and services to be more innovative and to compensate for the negative impacts from legislative changes, as well as customers' changing needs and expectations. We are enhancing enterprise-wide risk management by derisking our balance sheet, maintaining pricing discipline and prudently managing our capital. Perhaps lost in the market turmoil is just how far Regions has come in the past few years. Let me highlight a few examples. Investor Real Estate portfolio has been reduced by almost $14 billion. Our loan loss allowance at $3 billion today is over 2x higher than it was just in 2007, and our Tier 1 common ratio has increased 150 basis points. And today, we're core funded, attributing to a 25% increase in low cost deposits. We are clearly a much stronger franchise today, and we are profitably moving forward. Operator, we'll now take questions.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Rob, obviously, we're facing a challenging economic backdrop. But as we said in our comments, we do believe that as we look forward, we'll continue to see a favorable trend in our credit metrics. I'll just stop there and ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer to make a few comments on that regard.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jefferson, this is Grayson. I think that when you look at the margin, we have guided to a stable margin. There are obviously some opportunities for upside to that as there is for downside. But I would say that the deposits, when we look at our cost of deposits, there's an opportunity there for improvement to the margins on the loan side, as we're repricing loans, we went into this cycle with a relatively small percentage of our loans fixed versus variable. So we're not having a repricing pressure, most of our repricing is actually to our advantage at this juncture in the cycle. Where most of our pressure on margins is going to come from is from the investment portfolio. And depending on which rates -- which way rates go over the near-term is really going to drive how much pressure that we'll actually receive from that front. And the fourth element is the effort to provide more favorable refinancing opportunities for residential mortgage holders and what level of prepayments does that result in. Because as you'll recall, our investment portfolio is very heavy in mortgage-backed securities.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think we've been pretty disciplined in our allowance process. We've strengthened that process over time, and we're going to stay very disciplined in how we execute that. We've been conservatively modest in what we've done over the last 2 quarters, and I think you can continue to see the conservatism come through in our actions. But we're going to let our methodology and our disciplines drive the results of that. And as Matt said, we are seeing a forecast of more favorable trend, but with maybe a slower pace than we would have seen 90 days ago.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And John, most of that pricing pressure really come from the upper end of C&I. Lower end of C&I, middle market and small business lending that pricing competition has been substantially less. But that being said, we're doing comparative pricing with third parties. We sort of know we're at from a spread standpoint. And I would say we have seen that spread compression in the upper end of C&I, but still above historical level. And we're very comfortable with where we're pricing today and the discipline we're using in that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Ken, we really are not in position to comment on our strategic review with Morgan Keegan this morning, and we hope that those -- that commentaries forthcoming in the near future, but as of this morning, we're not in position nor should we attempt to comment on that today. And our strategy on TARP repayment really has not altered. We still are being patient and prudent in that regard. We believe we're doing the things necessary to put us in position to be able to do that at the appropriate time and really no change in that regard.
O. B. Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. I'll just add to Matt's comments, as Barb had said earlier, our stressed loan portfolio is getting more granular in nature, and these loans are in a smaller denomination than what we've seen a year ago substantially. And we do still have many interested buyers, and we are still able to dispose of assets at economic positions that makes sense. We haven't seen a lot of change in that. Obviously, the valuations are still under pressure in many markets, and we have to adjust to that in each and every month. But so far, our strategy remains intact, and we're still executing that strategy.
O. B. Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. A point Barb made is important to note, I mean, at the beginning of the cycle, we made a very conscious decision to start reducing our tender. And most of our -- as a big percentage of our commercial real estate loans did all the tenant in one year. And so, when these loans come up for renewal, to David's point, when we look at TDRs as an accounting designation, and we looked at we're renewing a credit that we've got risk rated substandard, then the first question is, is it a substandard loan? Yes or no? If it is, then you have to ask yourself the question on the literature, what is the correct market rate that you would do that loan at. And if you would look historically, most of the loans moving into a TDR status were restructured. In our case, it would be predominantly consumer mortgages that we have made some sort of concession on that moved in there. On the commercial side, it's was really the restructures that we had done in an A B note methodology. But today, under the current literature, you're going to see renewals, where renewals go in, and if it's substandard and we can't define a market rate, then by definition, it's going to get designated as a TDR.
O. B. Grayson Hall: But Erika, I would mention, I guess out of our total Investor Commercial Real Estate portfolio, construction now just comprises slightly over $1 billion of the entire portfolio.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Our net charge-off percentage is slightly elevated by the derisking activity. If you really take out the derisking activities and looked at more of a normal flow of streams, we'd be down from 250 to more like 170 or so.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, thank you, everyone, for their time and attention today. We very much appreciate it. Hoped that we answered some of your questions, and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
Barbara Godin: If you look at our early late stage delinquencies, our late stage criticized classified again there, they're all down. So that too was to suggest that we're seeing a little bit of stability. But as Grayson has mentioned, we are obviously tied to what we're seeing in the economy. As we think about the inflows that we've seen this quarter, a lot of the inflows is adjusted 52% repaying current and as agreed, but it was based on conversations from our customers that they're seeing some of the trends in the overall economy softening. Based on those conversations, we went ahead and had moved those to the nonperforming loan status. All that on the non-performing asset side, however, we’re going to continue to dispose of assets. You saw that we've closed $660 million this quarter. We moved an additional $384 million into held for sale for disposal next quarter. So we're going to continue with our aggressive derisking.
Barbara Godin: No, what we actually saw, Rob, is that we had roughly a -- the old 10% liquidity over and above what we would've reserved the loans for. So we really didn't see a big difference in that. We did saw a lot more of the smaller amounts. If you take our average loan size we sold this quarter, it was under $1 million. If you look at -- compared to a year ago, it was $3 million on average in terms of the size of loans we sold. We're getting a lot more granular.
Barbara Godin: No, I think you’ve hit on all the major points. Again, if you look at the migration that we had, it really was -- for the vast majority did come from our Investor Real Estate portfolio, which we all have agreed will be lumpy as we come out of the current economic climate that we're in.
Barbara Godin: Okay. The literature itself suggested that when you do a renewal, you need to ensure that you obtain a market rate because these loans are substandard in nature, which means they have a deficiency that we have noted. That brings that into question what is the appropriate market rate, and we don't believe that, that is an easy number to find. We believe that we would be talking something probably double digits. So on the majority of these credits that we’ve gone ahead and renewed -- we have gone ahead and renewed them for increased interest rates in many instances or even additional collateral support. But clearly, we're not able to get ourselves comfortable with that. We would go ahead and make a substandard loan today at any rate. And that's really that defining factors is that we won't go ahead and put new substandard loans on the book. So by definition, all loans that are in the Investor Real Estate portfolio that we are renewing that are substandard, will be considered as troubled debt restructures and again, that's what led to the increase in the TDRs. But as Matt and Grayson and others have pointed out, as we think about our reserving methodology, these have all been generally reserved for. As we said, it was less than the $20 million in tax all in, as we lift it with the impact of our TDRs were. So we're feeling comfortable with our process, number one. And then number two, as we continue with an ongoing dialogue with our customers, which really is ongoing, it's not stop and start. We're able to look forward and say, there will be a number of these credits and in due course will be restructured, and they are no longer considered as a substandard loan, they get back to a profited category. And at that time, we would hope they will come out of the TDR status.
Barbara Godin: I'll answer the second part of the question, which is we do get updated appraisals as we do our renewals. We have a pretty standard process around that, and we've ensure, Erika, that we keep our tenders short of bills. So generally, what we've done is it has been a strategy of ours is to keep the tenders short to make sure that the renewals is done in one year increments that we may stay close to the customer, close to their financial situation versus renewing something for a 2 or 3-year period, which you could actually lose sight.
Barbara Godin: Brian, the other thing that I would add is that as I look at what did come into the migration for the non-performing loans for this quarter. Between the Atlanta, Sandy Springs area and Miami that accounted for 22% of the inflow. So I would consider those to be our most stressed markets, clearly the rest of our markets as you look in terms of the percentage that they provided on the NPL migration in, was not great, but those 2 markets themselves drove, as I said, the 22% of the inflow. And it really speaks to what's happening with valuation and just the soft economy in both Atlanta and Miami that continues.
Barbara Godin: Yes, we did a couple of bulk sales of smaller loans. And again, with or within that 10%, again, I would call that the liquidity premium on the bulk sales. On the balance of the sales that we did, we were right on where our marks were.
Barbara Godin: No, that would be again, as we move them into held for sale, they show up in the net charge-off line. When they're in held for sale, they would show up as an expense. When we sell them out of held for sales, and we sold a total of $660 million overall, of which coming out of held for sale, we sold $244 million of the non-performing and a further $163 million of accruing loans. OREO sales this quarter were $146 million.
Barbara Godin: It's higher than the last few quarters. 48% last quarter, and it's been tracking up each and every quarter as we've gone along. So as you look at just really quickly, as you look at the third quarter, again, overall non-performing loan portfolio, 45% paying as agreed, last quarter 42%; a year ago, 36%. So you can see it's been tracking up incrementally every quarter.
David J. Turner: Yes, this is David. In terms of if we look at margin clearly having this interest rate environment that we're in, very volatile environment on the loan side, causes us to reinvest our cash at lower rate environment, which puts pressure on our margins. That being said, we've been able to hold that margin because of our benefit we receive on the deposit side of the house as we continue to reprice maturing CDs. So I think being able to hold that from a loan standpoint, we have had a nice growth in our C&I loan bucket. We have offset that on a net basis with the continued derisking in Investor Real Estate, which we think will slow the decline of that will slow somewhat in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about being able to maintain that margin. Now we do have $6 billion of cash at the Federal Reserve, they’re paying 25 basis points today that is pretty conservative from a liquidity standpoint as our ratings continue. If we can get our ratings to improve, then we can be less defensive with that cash and get it invested on a more efficient basis. So we have some upside and we're not calling that right now, perhaps when we get the rating changed, we will have further progression in the margin.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think that, if you kind of look on a net basis, it's going to be driven largely by the economy and how strong that is for us to continue the C&I growth, which has been a great driver of offsetting the decline. We've been declining that Investor Real Estate portfolio about $1.5 billion each quarter, and we've had great growth in C&I. So the question is how long will the economy kind of hang in there where our C&I can continue to move along. But we do see a slowdown, as I mentioned earlier in Investor Real Estate. So we'll have to see how those 2 work themselves out over the long haul.
David J. Turner: Let me answer it this way, John. We have seen pricing pressure clearly in the upper end of the middle market portfolio. That being said, spreads are still better than some of the earlier years. I think that a lot of folks also want to grow C&I, and we see the pricing pressure coming through that. We want to maintain our discipline in this environment because we want to make sure loans that go on the books have the right risk-adjusted return. And we will not go in and put low spread product on our books just to grow the loan portfolio. We've been able to use our relationship with our customers as our predominant sales tactic, and that relationship allows you to maintain the spreads that we started with. So I think all in, we should be able to maintain those spreads. The question would be, what does the economy give us for actual loan growth in that type of competitive environment.
David J. Turner: Let me add one thing to that. The TDR designation is an accounting matter. And as Barb mentioned, it does not have anything to do with how we calculate our reserves. These aren't restructurings, the bulk of which you saw the increase were not restructurings, they were renewals in ordinary course. And so as you look at the TDR, the disclosures, and you’re going to see a lot of disclosures going through 10-Q, the better disclosures that we have are the criticized and classified loans and the reserves related to that, and that really gets back to Ken, your question that you had earlier if you're still on, reserves with TDRs. You need to look at the criticized and classifieds, and that's some better information available out there.
David J. Turner: Just to let you know, you asked how much is in TDR related Investor Real Estate. The total is about $1.5 billion.
David J. Turner: I'll add one thing too. This is David. In terms of acknowledging that we have the credit that you laid out, that's why we have a $3 billion loan loss reserve, which is 3.7%, 3% of the total loans, which is higher than most as well.
David J. Turner: In total, which is factored already into my comment that we should be able to maintain the stable margin, but if you kind of broke it apart -- the pieces apart, you'll be in that 7 to 8 basis point range.
David J. Turner: I would add that our experience continues to be pretty consistent over this year with our derisking activities that we really have. As Barb said that 10% liquidity discount has just been what's flowed through, beyond a levels of marks and allowance we’ve already provided.
David J. Turner: Betsy, if you try to get it from each quarter, that liquidity discounts been about the same and we actually have dispositions in each of the quarter transfers roughly close to the same numbers. So it's flattish when you look at the provision component of that.
David J. Turner: We did. This is David. We looked at some rough numbers to see what that might impact us. There's been, you've seen all kinds of numbers in terms of how many mortgages that might affect, maybe 1 million mortgages. For us, we think that number, in terms of prepayment exposures that we would have would be in the range for a period of $20 million to $40 million perhaps.
