David Turner: Yes, Brian, this is David. What we did is, we elected to early convert our mandatory convertibles preferred, which by its term, would have converted into common stock in December. And we chose to do that based on the economics that are embedded in the agreement. And so we added roughly 63 million shares in total, some of which, on an average basis, would have come through in the quarter. And we did that towards the end of the second quarter, so you don't have the full weighting of that yet, but that was really the difference, probably, in your model.
David Turner: That was not the biggest contributor, but that was one of the contributors. The first quarter from the salaries-and-benefits standpoint is, you have seasonally high payroll tax expense in that first quarter and that was a piece of the pickup as well, with the remainder being the reduction in staffing, as I mentioned earlier, continuing to benefit the SMB line.
David Turner: In the other, we would have also the held for sale. We had some held for sale gains that were in that other line that you're looking at.
David Turner: Yes. The $72 million actually gets a little higher in the third quarter, in the $40 million range with the fourth quarter being in the $40 million range. So I think that we still have mitigation that we have to put in place, and that's why it's getting -- it's a little more difficult to predict for the next year in terms of just leveraging off the run rate.
David Turner: Yes. I think, this is David, Betsy, as people learn what it really means to not have not opt in and they've had that first experience as disappointing to them and they call the call center, we think we'll have another opportunity to give them another option so to speak.
David Turner: Yes. Let me kind of talk about all the capital. As I mentioned earlier, we early converted the mandatory convertible that picked up about 26 basis points in Tier 1 common. The second component of our capital change was the decline in our risk-weighted assets of approximately $2 billion. And then the final fees, Matt, you mentioned on disallowed deferred tax assets was reduced about half this quarter. And it's important to note that this calculation is defined by regulatory rules and it differs from GAAP, from the view of GAAP when you're talking about realizing DTAs. So what we do is, we look out over the next 12 months of taxable income as defined by the regulatory rules to determine how much of our DTA is allowed versus disallowed. As our PPNR and credit metrics have improved, we make adjustments to that projection, and we will continue to do so each and every quarter. The pace at which that comes in is hard to determine because it's depending on our credit metrics. And while we, as you heard our prepared comments, felt good about where they're going, we do remain cautious there and we hate to forecast the timing of the return of the DTA in the capital. It is important to note, though, that, that is temporary. And that ultimately, as we show our return to profitability, that, that remaining DTA of well over $400 million will come in to capital.
David Turner: I think that if you were to look at our expectations of return to profitability have changed from one quarter to the next, and clearly, you can look at our major components of PPNR, our improvement in credit metrics as being the indicators as to why we're feel that way.
David Turner: Marty, we think our duration on our portfolio is fairly consistent with our peer group. We're probably on our investment portfolio in the 2.5 year range maybe up to three. We have discussed whether or not we want to go out and take more duration to pick that up. And that's certainly is one thing we consider. But we have not done so at this time and I'll tell you, we will have ongoing dialogue in our ALCO process that will ultimately determine that. If you look at our investment portfolio in particular, we derisk that portfolio when this cycle started by selling off any CMBS and municipal securities, and so we're about 99% agency guaranteed in the investment portfolio today. But as loans have come down and we start reassessing the risks that we're taking in totality, and so we actually, from a risk-weighted asset position are pretty low on our risk rates, and it gives us an opportunity to perhaps take some additional risk, whether it be credit or duration. And we're going to be smart about how we use that opportunity, so that we don't lock ourselves into a problem for the long haul. We are all about what is the best interest for us in the long term. There are things we can do in the short term to generate profitability that we think works against us in the long term. And one of those is including our -- we have at quarter end about $800 million to unrealized gains in our investment portfolio that we did not take. We didn't take security gains because we don't think that's the long-term best interest of this franchise. And so to your point, we will continue to look at duration and other matters as we go into the next...
David Turner: Yes, we think, Heather, this is David. We think that the impact of that hedge really, as things level off, that the hedge will protect us from the downside. To the extent rates stayed low longer, we did not want to run the risk that our margin actually dips down below that 3% level that we've talked about, and to the extent that we're all wrong and things are that much better, and GDP is improving and everybody's feeling better, then the interest rate environment may go up and will ride with that. That's a very different environment than the protection on the low side. And that's what the hedge is intended to do.
O. Hall: Paul, this is Grayson. Listen, I'll answer and I'll ask the folks in our credit team to comment a little bit further. First of all, we're still continuing to see strong demand for our stress credits. We sold approximately $620 million in stress credits in the quarter. And as David mentioned, we wound up with a discount of roughly 24% off of those. And in fact, the loans that we are selling out of OREO, or the property we're selling out of OREO are the loans we're selling out of held for sale, are coming in very close to our marks. And in fact, in some cases, we're realizing gains on those sales. So still strong demand, strong sales and we're continuing with that strategy. I'll stop and let the credit team add to that.
O. Hall: Will and Paul, one other point is that if you look at our charge-off number this quarter of $651 million, there still is a fairly substantial number related to valuation charges. That being said, we are seeing some stabilization in our markets and the valuation charges on our OREO held for sale and NPLs is starting to decline due to that stabilization.
O. Hall: Yes, when you look at the regulatory changes we put in the first and second quarter, really, at the end of the day, you sort of a net negative, minor, but net negative, but minimal impact. Where impact really starts to hit is in the third quarter. We really do have a number of changes that we've made to existing checking account product offerings that'll start to mitigate some of that impact. And we are pleased so far with our success and in talking to customers. If you look at roughly our 4 million checking accounts, 30% of those accounts would have had an NSF in the last 12 months. So that 30% of those customers, of that 30%, half of them has made the decision. And as David had indicated up earlier, 90% of them are either opting in to our standard overdraft process or signing up for overdraft protection, and only 10% are electing to go without either product. And so we're encouraged by that, but we still think that $70 million estimate is a good estimate for the balance of the year. I think full year next year is a bigger question. How much of that can we mitigate and offset with changes in our product offerings and changes in our customer behavior.
O. Hall: But I think, Betsy, what you're saying is, is that when you look at that $72 million when you annualized that over next year, obviously, it's not a full impact for full third quarter. There's only part of third quarter not impacted that. So if you didn't have any mitigating factors, it could be slightly more than twice that number next year. But we do have mitigating actions that we're taking and we'll be prepared at some juncture to share with you what we think the 2011 number will be. But it'll be better than what the annualized effect of this year
O. Hall: Well, I mean, a couple of things. One is that the people who have opted in, either through overdraft protection or our standard overdraft process, that is one set of customers. The other set of customers are new accounts we're opening and what decisions are they're making. And as customers are impacted by this change, we're reaching out to those customers and giving them a second opportunity to make a decision. And when we do that, many are coming back that had previously opted out and opting back in once they really fully understand the implications of their decision.
O. Hall: Well, when you look at our history, we were in the Indirect Auto Financing business for years. And at the beginning of this credit cycle, we made the decision to exit that business and we only exited that business in terms of origination. We have still been servicing a portfolio throughout the cycle. It's obviously a declining portfolio as customers have paid down and paid off, but we're still servicing that portfolio, still very cognizant of what the credit performance in that portfolio has been. We still have many of the people on our team who had participated in that business for a number of years. And getting back in it, it's not a particularly difficult feat for us since we still have the platform and we still have a lot of the leadership. And so we are going to re-enter this quarter, we believe from what we've seen some of the businesses, the dealerships we've spoken to, that there's a need for this product. In fact, what drove this decision more than anything else was consumers returning to our branches, asking for auto loans. We had not seen that for years. It's a strong indication that there is a need for financing for autos. We believe we know how to price it. We believe we've got the discipline to price it. I think the bigger question, important question you ask is, how much volume can we generate? We're not ready to predict that yet, but if we didn't think we could generate some decent volume, we wouldn't be getting back in it.
O. Hall: And Marty, this is Grayson. I just want to emphasize the point David just made. There's a number of things we could do to demonstrate stronger earnings short term, but would not be particularly wise decisions over the long term. And we are trying to build a franchise of strength for the long term. And if you look at our quarterly earnings, you'll see that there are a lot of things that we did not do that we could have to have demonstrated stronger earnings. But we, again, believe that we ought to stay in the course in trying to build the franchise for the long term. We did not take any security gains to offset any other expenses we had. We continue to carry a large unrealized gain in that portfolio, but those assets will provide a tremendous benefit for us and will do so for quarter to come. And we'll keep the duration relatively short compared to peer. There are peers with much longer duration in investment portfolio, but we do not want to take any undue risk at this point in the cycle.
O. Hall: Well, I think the best way to look at that is, if you ask yourself, what's changed since last quarter? Certainly, our credit metrics have improved substantially, but our economic outlook has been tempered since then with all the advancement incurred on a macro basis. Our long-term economic forecast is a very slow-growth forecast, and we're adjusting our business expectations for that. The credit trends are favorable, but we're going to stay very disciplined on our allowance reserve methodology and let the numbers speak for themselves. If look at our reserve today, the allowance to loans is a strong 3.71% and our coverage ratio is about 92%, which puts us relatively in the middle of peer. We feel that our reserve is efficient today and we feel good about where we're at in terms of how that might change between now and the end of the year. In large part, I believe, it's going to be driven by the level economic improvement. That, at this point for us, as you heard the word encouraged, but cautious, that sort of where we're at today.
O. Hall: No, we set that target several months ago, and we still are remaining confident in our ability to reach that target, and know of nothing at this juncture that's stand in the way of us achieving that.
O. Hall: Yes, on commercial real estate, I think, you may have been talking a little about some of our evaluation charges that we did see on that. What I would say is that there was one particular credit that we've been watching for a particular time, over a period of time. We've got some new information in and we took a charge on that. Other than that, we've continue to derisk the portfolio, our balances are coming down. Everything that we've seen has been going as we felt that it could as far as investor real estate.
O. Hall: Well, Christopher, what we tried to do is, too really focus early on, on trying to dispose of stressed assets on the commercial side. We tried to work with a number of customers on restructuring, which is what we wind up in the TDR. Quite honestly, the market was deteriorating in such a pace that the opportunity to do that has been somewhat limited. We're having more success with that recently, but that continues to be a challenge for us. And I'll ask Bill to speak about that a little more.
O. Hall: No. I mean, really, no update. No change in guidance on how we're viewing TARP repayment. We continue to be patient in that regard. We continue to believe that our focus ought to be on credit improvement and returning to profitability. And that issue will resolve itself.
O. Hall: Now what we've done, we take no specific reserves on the Gulf exposure itself. If you look at our loan loss allowance methodology, we do go in and adjust our allocation factors based off of environmental issues as we see them are in changes in our loss forecast for particular segments of our portfolio. But we do not have a Pacific allocation for a Gulf oil spill. It's embedded in our methodology.
O. Hall: Well, in closing, let me say thank you for your time and attention. We appreciate you being here and your bulk of questions were helpful and appreciated as well. So thank you, and have a good day.
William Wells: This is Bill Wells. Again, we had a very good quarter in sales. And as Grayson mentioned our marks held pretty true to what we thought. Not only did we have a good quarter of sale problem loans, but out of OREO, I think we sold a little bit of 1,600 properties. And then we had a good bid of sales out of our held for sale. So we believe our marks have been holding pretty true. And we continue to see active interest going into this quarter also. We've had about $50 million in sales and we've got another, about, $50 million in pending contracts. So we continue to see good progress.
William Wells: One of the things that we have been watching very closely as a company is our construction book. At the time of the merger, it was almost $12 billion. Over the past year, a couple of years, we have worked that down to about $3.8 billion. So we've taken a good bit of risk out of that investor real estate portfolio. And our non-performings in that construction has been about 20%, and that's held pretty much true over the last several quarters.
William Wells: Well, I mean, it is that, that our focus has been recently over the last several quarters on the disposition effort. We're continuing to look at that. We think we're going to have another good quarter of sales. But as Grayson mentioned, we're looking at particular credit that we can restructure and that's what one of our goals this quarter to do, is to do or if our customers are available to it, is to do more of the restructuring.
