O. B. Grayson Hall: So I think that when you look at the loan growth that we had in the third quarter, this was a little stronger than we had initially anticipated. We began the third quarter, we had signaled that we thought the third quarter typically, which is a seasonably slow quarter for a lot of our lending activities, we fully expect it to be a little more modest than it was in this quarter. We exceeded our expectations. We still continue to temper our expectations for the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter typically is a strong seasonal quarter for us in terms of lending activity. Last year, in particular, was strong due to a lot of anticipated tax structure changes. We don't anticipate a repeat of that this year, but we do anticipate that fourth quarter will be a good quarter. We've got good solid momentum, but we do -- we are being a little conservative, if you will, on what we think our opportunities are in the fourth quarter. We'd certainly be delighted to exceed those expectations, but right now, we've tried to moderate our expectations given the economy.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. We really have not expanded our product types. We've stayed pretty close to the structure we've had all along. We continue to encouraged by the growth in that market, although that market has become more competitive, and I do see some competitions on both rate and term in that segment of our portfolio. What we tried to do is continue to grow our dealer network, and we've been pleased with the number of dealers that we've been able to add. But quite -- but we've been very focused on trying to sell deeper into the existing dealers that we have on board to try to generate more volume from those dealers. But we really have not expanded our product set or our credit criteria for that space. We've tried to remain very disciplined. We probably may be giving up some volume, given the credit disciplines we've got in place, but we still believe it's the correct strategy.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'd say, Brian, I'd say, additionally, and as we've seen a slowdown in mortgage, that's going to take a little while to play out from an expense standpoint. Clearly, we're adjusting our operating model to what we anticipate to be the volume of activity coming through that channel.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, and I would just add from a loan competition, loan pricing, loan yields perspective, then I would agree with your earlier comment. You saw pressure on that for several quarters, but the level of pressure seems to have subsided to a degree. Rates seem to have stabilized sort of where they're at today. That could change over time, but right now, we don't see a lot of pressure on that particular category.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I think that what we said this time is that we've seen new production improve, albeit from a very low level, and we also would say that new production is more broad across different commercial real estate asset classes than you would have seen 1 quarter or 2 before, but it's still relatively small. And we think that, given where our commercial real estate -- investor commercial real estate portfolios today, is that we could be reaching a point of stabilization, and an inflection point would assume that we have rapid growth beyond that point. I do think we'll stabilize or start to grow modestly in that portfolio, but we're remaining very disciplined and prudent in what we put into that portfolio and -- but I would say that, at this juncture, we're encouraged by some of the increased demand for that product.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think a lot of it, knowing what we know today, I think that's a reasonable assumption, but some of this is the entities behind these asset sometimes accelerate payoffs and pay downs that we can't necessary anticipate.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, I think that the -- clearly, in the environment we're all operating in, we're -- it's an evolving, involving [ph] environment that we continue to make investments in audit, in compliance and in risk management. I think those investments will continue to mature over time. As we're obviously able to recognize more of these processes and be more productive, you'll see some rationalization of those resources. But for right now, I think, we still see an involving and increasing risk management environment, and we're continuing to make investments as we see appropriate. That being said, we have to figure out a way to fund that, pay for that on the business side of the house. And that's why we're investing equally in the customer-facing, revenue-producing side. That tends to be somewhat optimistic -- I mean opportunistic because we are looking for talented team members to add to our team, because our primary focus is serving our customers and we need good bankers to be able to do that and we are finding those in select markets and making those investments when we believe they've got fairly rapid payback.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, Marty, as we sort of going through the cycle, and to David's earlier point, deposits costs are down to 13 basis points. Not sure how much room there is, but if they go lower, maybe it's a point or 2. But what we've seen is now time deposits are 11% of our book. We're still growing low-cost deposits but not growing the time book. And as that time deposit book, as they have maturities, we're retaining just over 70% of the customers who have maturing CDs in the Time Deposit segment. Those that we don't retain, some portion of them are putting monies in their -- into money market or into savings, we're at -- we're very close to the point where we believe, we can start showing net growth in total deposits depending on customer behavior. But as we've got our book down to this roughly 11% mix of time deposits, I think we're a much better position as you look forward. We think this has been a good strategy for us. We think it's really helped us during this point in time. That being said, as rates increase, we're trying to model what happens to deposits. There's not a lot of historical models for how deposits will react in this kind of market because we've never really been here before. But we're spending an awful lot of time understanding what we believe to be customer behaviors in a rising rate environment.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, this is -- what we've tried to do is during this time period, we're actually running some number of different strategies in some of our markets to try to determine what the customer behavior will be. That -- today, our loan-to-deposit ratio is 82%. So we don't necessarily need additional deposits today, although we're always looking for new customers and trying to grow our deposit base. And so, we are running a number of different strategies across our markets so that we can find what's the best strategy for raising deposits when that time occurs.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We've got our Chief Credit Officer, Barb Godin, with us today. We'll ask Barb if she'd answer that question.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, we haven't seen that. I mean, our utilization rates of lines is relatively flat, didn't move much at all during the quarter. If fourth quarter follows historical trends, we'll probably see a little increase in utilization. But so far, just really haven't seen much movement in it this quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No, I think that if you -- you look at sort of our loan growth, and I would -- actually, we decipher that geographically and also by lending segment. And you've got, geographically, clearly a lot of the growth is -- has come out of the markets that have energy-related activities, Louisiana and Texas. A lot of our growth also has come out of some of the Midwest markets in St. Louis and also Indianapolis, been particularly strong in those markets. But even in the markets that have been the most challenged, if you will, like a Florida, we're seeing the pace of loan run-off there materially slow and the pace of new production improve. So as I mentioned earlier in my comments, I believe I mentioned this, is that we grew -- in our 16-state footprint, we grew loans in 70% of our markets. We divide those 16 states in 19 markets and we grew in 70% of those. And so it's broader this quarter than it was last quarter, geographically. It's also broader from a lending segment as well. Still -- there's still a lot of dominance in the large commercial and corporate space, but we did see more activity in the commercial middle market and even in small business, and even in consumer this quarter, than we saw previous quarter. So incrementally better, incrementally broader is what I would say. And geographically, geographically not all geographies are behaving the same today, but closer than they were.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we are. I mean the housing recovery, we say, is real. Florida was at the center of this economic storm, and so recovering a little slower and later than some of our other markets, but clearly recovering and we're optimistic about it. We think long term it's going to be a good market for us. We've just got to be disciplined in how we do business there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We spend -- it's a great question, and we spend an awful lot of time looking at all of our sales and service channel. And the branch channel is one of our more expensive channels and we continue to monitor the behavior of our customers and the utilization of our customers in those offices. You'll continue to see us. We've got 1,700 -- a little over 1,700 offices. We continue to look at the size of those offices and the technology that's embedded in those offices, and in terms of where there's opportunities for us to make that delivery system more efficient and more effective. And you'll continue to see that out of us. We don't have anything to announce today. But when you look at the way we're servicing our customers, we continue to invest in each channel, but we continue to rationalize each channel at the same time. And then we do that on a regular basis in our branch channel.
David J. Turner: Brian, this is David. I will tell you, and it's a little premature for us to give you the '14 expense numbers, but let me give you -- try to frame it up. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we have made investments to grow our revenue. We've done a pretty good job of managing expenses, and if you look at our noninterest expense in just about any category, average assets at the yields [ph], we're one of the lowest in our industry. We need to grow our revenue, which is why we've made the investments that we have. So an example of that would be in Wealth Management, where that is a relatively new business group for us where we've invested in financial consultants, and we expect that revenue to come. It just doesn't happen in a particular quarter. So I think you kind of nailed it with operating leverage. Our goal is to generate positive operating leverage, and we think we can do that by making smart investments. If you look at the efficiency ratio, obviously, our efficiency ratio was up this quarter. We still expect, over time, to be in that 55%, 59% range. Need a rate increase to help us do that, but our focus is on growing revenue because that's really where we think, overall, the generation of shareholder value comes from, and that's really what our game plan is.
David J. Turner: Well, we had an increase of 8 points on NIM, and we're calling for that to be stable. It's obviously dependent on rates. We benefit from short-term and long-term rates, and so I think we need to see what impact that prepayments will have. That was a big driver of our improvement in NIM, as our premium amortization came down from about $72 million to $59 million. We think if rates will stay kind of where they are right now, we know we've had a little bit of rally today but -- in rates. But we think that stability in the margin for the fourth quarter, in particular, can continue. We do have a couple of levers, as I mentioned, on the deposit cost. There's not as much there as we have seen in the past, but we can pick up a couple of points perhaps. And we still have some -- as we look at long-term debt and think about that, that's less available to us because most of those debt instruments are really tied to capital. So we'll have to consider that in our CCAR process, but we worked our funding cost down to 35 basis points. We have little bit more to go there. But, again, I think our focus is on generating the asset side of the balance sheet, and we're seeing growth. We've now grown in a couple of quarters, and that's encouraging to us.
David J. Turner: John, I think that our guidance was really all-in versus breaking it in individual parts. I think we did have a modest decline in loan yields there. A lot of that's really dependent on mix changes that you see. I think that in this low-rate environment, the longer it persists, you should continue to see a grind down in terms of loan yields, albeit our pace, which was only 2 basis points. Maybe it's not quite that low. Maybe we have a little more of a decline, but I think our funding side protects us quite a bit there. So that's why we're able to give you confidence on the stability of the margin, all-in.
David J. Turner: Yes. I think we have been at the 63% range. We popped up to 67%. We expect to work that down on both sides. Also, we have levers on expense all the time. But we really want to be careful that we don't just shoot for a particular goal in any given quarter on efficiency. We want to make the proper investments for the long-term growth of our business. So I think the predominant driver will be revenue. And we expect that to come through our investments that we've made. Now if it doesn't, we adjust expenses accordingly to work that down, because we're not going to sit here and accept a 67% efficiency ratio.
David J. Turner: Well, it's been across-the-board. So I gave one example earlier. Wealth Management was our new business group that we started investing in this year. We've hired quite a few financial consultants. If you look at our headcount additions, almost half of those are revenue generation folks. So Wealth Management is one area. We've hired additional people in our branch distribution channel. That's where the vast majority of our products are sold. And we needed more people to grow revenue, grow households out in that channel. So those are two. We're also invested in relationship managers across the board in multiple geographies, and especially lending and general business. We have the capital liquidity. We're ready to go. We're ready to invest and make -- and grow our revenue, because you cannot generate shareholder value in the long-term from expense reductions. You got to make prudent investments to get the revenue going and we are -- that's our bet we're making, and if that doesn't come, we'll adjust accordingly. But it's really across the board. There's no one particular place.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think, we make -- so you picked on Wealth Management on that particular one. We make investments in people who'll pay for themselves within a year. And so it's pretty quick. And different businesses have different time frames in terms of when they pay for the investment. So again, we can react pretty quickly. We mentioned the reaction we can make on mortgage. Our mortgage, the production for purchases is up. We have mortgage loan originators dealing with that, but then we have adjusted the back office. So we're moving our expenses around to give us the best return we can. But these investments that were making in revenue generation areas, we should see revenue growing quarter to quarter to quarter. The question is different investments have a different length of time to return.
David J. Turner: Yes, Keith, what you saw on the earning asset change was really the recognition of the transaction that we made last quarter, the deleverage. We sold some investment securities late in the quarter last quarter, so they weren't -- they didn't manifest themselves until a decline in the average assets, until this quarter. We're kind of there. We think we've stabilized earning asset levels, and we grow from here. So that was really the anomaly that you saw. If you go back and look at ending, you can kind of see what I'm talking about.
David J. Turner: Yes, Matt. So we were down quite a bit. Our duration is right at 4 years. You can't straight line it, but you can do that as a proxy. I think starting the quarter, we had right at $800 million of amortizable premium. We amortized $59 million, so the delta is left. We do make investments in each quarter, but -- so we're down to $740-ish million of amortizable premium. So you can do your math to get a proxy for that over the 4-year duration.
David J. Turner: Marty, I'll add something that's quite interesting this quarter on deposits. So we had been retaining in total about 70% of our deposits, whether it be in CDs, rolling over into a new CD or other core deposits. That number was up to about 80%, so 70% of it, as Grayson mentioned, went into -- retained as a CD. But we had -- the delta there going into core deposits. So it's quite -- it wasn't the run-off that we had seen earlier. And I -- we can suspect that was related to rates have just been lower and the delta between what's maturing and what's going on is not as great as it was. But we feel good about our deposits balances. The investments we've made that we've talked about in terms of people should also help us grow those deposits, and we're looking forward to that, because you never have enough low-cost deposits.
David J. Turner: Yes. We constantly look at our maturities a couple of years in advance. We will get to a point we need to add new long-term debt. So we do have a slug coming due in the latter part of 2014, and we've dealt with that already in our liquidity profile because of our policy. So we would -- you should expect us to be in the market at -- in the not-too-distant future.
David J. Turner: Yes. I think, as Grayson mentioned, they're still relatively small. I think, kind of if you look at the run rate for the year, we'd be in the $15 million to $20 million range and growing. So we're encouraged by the growth, not because of just the dollars today, but where we think it can go over time, serving customer segments that hadn't been served before as well. And it gives us a chance to grow households there. And if you look at our footprint, you look at the opportunities for Now Banking suite, it's pretty large. So we're encouraged by that.
David J. Turner: Not on this product. No, this is really prepaid debit card and check cashing and expedited bill pay. Those are the kind of products [indiscernible] and funds transfer. So they're really not a -- these are good core products and we don't see issues relative to that agency on this.
David J. Turner: Yes, I mean as you know, any account actually requires approval from our regulatory supervisors. So we executed, as we mentioned -- when the CCAR came out with what our plan was, we executed in accordance with that plan as our board allowed and as regulatory supervisors authorized. So if we want to have additional return to the shareholders via buyback or dividend, it requires us to submit a CCAR filing and ask for permission. [indiscernible] as we do 2014 CCAR.
David J. Turner: Couple of things, Gerard, that I'd point to. First, the banks represent about 42% of this market. So there are captives [ph] and others that are in this market. There has been some indication of wanting to get that down. We have seen competition come down to where we've been. And we continue to monitor that, monitor our dealers. We have an aggressive program to go in and make sure our dealers are being fair to the customer. And when we find the dealer is not, we don't do business with the dealer. It's pretty straightforward, and we feel very confident with what we're doing. That being said, we'll have to wait and see. And as we know, there's a -- the regulatory environment can change, and we have to adapt and overcome. We've done that over and over through the numerous changes that have occurred over the past several years, and we'll continue to do that in this case. But we feel confident where we are right now that we're doing the right thing by our customer.
David J. Turner: Physically, nothing is to prevent us. The -- what we don't want that happen is -- it's incumbent upon us to manage our capital in an appropriate manner. And that starts with our Board of Directors and goes through all of us at managed capital. And there's a lot of us through this capital planning process to that. So we want to make sure that we have an appropriate amount of capital. And then whatever we deem to be appropriate is submitted to our regulatory supervisors for their sign off. And that includes spot capital and stress capital. So nothing prevents us. It just needs -- we need to put in something that makes sense that's credible that's based on our strategy and what we're going to do with our balance sheet. And there are a lot of factors that go into managing capital. So it's not as easy to say just -- clearly have plenty of capital today to be able to return 100%. We haven't seen that in our industry. We clearly want to utilize our capital in the most efficient way when that's -- whether it be dividends or share buybacks. But most importantly, we use the capital that shareholders gave us and that we generated through our operations to invest in our business going forward. And that's what we primarily want to do first. And we think loan growth, investing in businesses, like our credit card portfolio that we bought, sometimes M&A, will come back and that'll be a place to utilize capital. And if we can't do those things, return it to the shareholders is right thing to do. So all of that goes into our thought process. We're in the middle of that as we speak, and we think we'll have a very good -- we have a very good capital planning process with good governance and we'll exercise that and file our CCAR in 2014. And you'll see the results of that soon afterwards, but nothing's technically to prevent you from doing it.
David J. Turner: Ken, it's hard to come up with a point estimate on dollars. I think what we need to do is adjust it according to what the revenue opportunities. Our revenue opportunities are different than the other areas. Remember, we're more of a purchase shop than we were a refinance shop. So I think, that we've seen still pretty strong demand over our purchase mortgage. We want to make sure we have mortgage loan originators out there. We've grown that, but we've reduced our back office 22% thus far, and that's primarily through reductions in temporary staff and overtime, and some people. But that's really what the driver is. Obviously, if revenue is down, commissions are down. You see that pretty quick. So I think, what I'd leave you with is we're confident we can adjust mortgage pretty rapidly. It just may not follow a given quarter. That being said, that business is very strong over the past couple of years. Gains on sale were large. All that's starting to rationalize a little bit, but it's a great shop. They do a fabulous job in the Mortgage group, in the Mortgages Servicing group. And we will continue to make investments in appropriate places and we'll cut back on other areas and adjust accordingly.
David J. Turner: Well, we've made investments in the -- in our Wealth Management Group. Those financial consultants I was talking to you about, we've added probably over 100 [ph] people during the year. If you could just compare our third quarter of '13 in terms of some of our fee income-related to this business, we're up 67%. And I think that that's really important to us. We have cut businesses out. You saw us -- we had a disposable on a segment -- or in Wealth Management that wasn't as profitable as we wanted it to be. So we've made adjustments there. But Wealth Management is relatively new and we'll continue to make investments to grow that revenue and feel very confident that revenue comes pretty quickly.
David J. Turner: Ken, I doubt you'll even notice, that you'll even see it. It does it impact us some, but it was pretty negligible. So I don't think you'll -- I don't think you miss it net-net after expenses that we're taking out after revenue loss.
David J. Turner: Well, you can see volatility in professional fees. You can look at any particular quarter and see the kind of volatility we have. We're in a unique environment, our whole industry is. And so you seen that a little higher than we want to be. So we think, in time, if we can get the environment stabilized, we think those costs rationalize as well and come down to a more acceptable level, I should say.
