Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, Matt, we've been working for a number of months now on this initiative, and it does have both expense and revenue components. But John Owen, he's with us today, and John is leading that initiative. So I'll ask John to make a few comments.
Grayson Hall: And John, I think that's a great question. And we look at how our income statement is generating more capital, how do we deploy that capital most constructively and most productively? And as David said, first and foremost, it's organic. It's making sure that we can -- if we can put that capital back into our business constructively and productively, we'll do that. If we can't do that, obviously, we look at M&A. And our primary focus has been bolt-on, non-bank M&A. We continue to look at that. Secondarily, we look at bank M&A, but that -- we've had -- the economics of that make it particularly challenging at this point in time. We look at it, but our primary focus after we've gotten through the organic is -- and the bolt-on acquisitions is really to look at how do we give it back in the form of dividend and share repurchases. We want a competitive dividend, and we want share repurchases as a lever to use when we can't deploy that capital any other way. And we still -- knowing what we know today, we still think that's going to be a productive and constructive use of the capital we're generating.
Grayson Hall: No, Geoffrey. There's really been no change in our perspective as we talked about this in the third quarter, as you mentioned in your comments. We've been on a multiyear journey of really trying to manage expenses very rigorously and with a lot of discipline. And we absolutely are confident we've done a good job of that. That being said, what we announced in the third quarter is it -- we were going to bring McKinsey in to help us take an even harder look at that. And we embarked on those work streams, as John Owen spoke about a moment ago. It's been a very in-depth evaluation. It's -- we've had people across the company involved in it. And these things are best done very thoughtfully and very carefully. And we've taken our time to do that. And we're in the middle of execution at that point -- at this point in time, and there's details forthcoming. But nothing's changed from our perspective. Everything is on schedule, just as we had forecasted it would be.
Grayson Hall: And Steven, you're seeing a lot of our customers really start to have a high utilization rate in our digital channels. And so obviously, those customers' expectations are being influenced not only by other banks they use but other providers for other services. And so we're having to compare ourselves to a larger community when you talk about digital, and so we make investments there. We also have a number of technologies that we use to help us manage risk and compliance. And so we have to continue to invest in those, continue to strengthen. And we make them better each and every year, and cyber being one of the lead candidates there. But lastly, I would tell you is, coming out of this Simplify and Grow initiative, we've identified a lot of places where technology can help us be not only more effective, but much more efficient. And so you're going to see us continue to invest in technology as we go through that initiative. And last but certainly not least is see if you go into some of our branches, the technology we're deploying in our new branch format is entirely different than what we've had in the past. We've done a number of branches in the past in '16 and '17, but you'll see us accelerate that into '18. A huge benefit from us from a customer service perspective and a customer experience perspective when they come into one of our offices.
Grayson Hall: Okay. Well, thank you. I certainly appreciate everybody's time and attendance. We think we just ended a very solid 2017 and are positioned well for a strong 2018. And I do appreciate you listening to our message this morning and our answers to your questions. So thank you. Let's have a great year. Thank you.
David Turner: Sure, Matt. So this Simplify and Grow, as you heard from John Owen, there's a number of initiatives and how they'll affect our financial statements both from a revenue and an expense standpoint. We have elements that we've given you, our guidance for the year thus far, and we'll be going to a number of conferences. And as we get clarity on exactly what this will do and how it will impact our numbers and ratios, we'll update you. I suspect it will be first, second quarter -- end of the first, maybe second quarter, before we give you any specificity of what that would look like.
David Turner: Yes, John. So this is David. We wanted to give you some flavor for that. If you look at our expectation for return on tangible common equity, we've moved that up 200 basis points from 12 to 14 to 14 to 16. We anticipated some tax reform coming. We believed it was appropriate at the time to increase our capital expenditures to accelerate some opportunities we think we have to better serve our customer. Those capital expenditures, they don't find their way into the income statement. They'll find themselves in the income statement over time. So we have that baked into our guidance already. And we had other initiatives where we've made contributions to our foundation and our $15 for minimum wage because we think it was important for us to continue to execute on our mission of shared value, which is taking care of customers and associates and communities as well as our shareholders.
David Turner: No, we increased our capital expenditures roughly $100 million. Right now, you can see that we're keeping our targets for common equity Tier 1 where they are. Therefore, the benefit that we see coming through from taxes will help increase our return on tangible common net 200 basis points.
David Turner: Yes. So our priorities really haven't changed, John. We focus first and foremost on organic growth. It's important for us to take the capital we generate and put it back into the growth in the business appropriately. When we have opportunities to get an appropriate risk-adjusted return from that organic growth, we've been very disciplined with regards to not just making any loan, but making loans that give our shareholders their appropriate risk-adjusted return. We will continue doing that. Second, we wanted to make sure we have a fair dividend to our shareholders. We had talked about being in the range of earnings of 30% to 40% and that we would be increasing that to 35% to 45% over time. We believe that's important. So as income increases, whether it be through tax savings or otherwise, you should expect that to find its way into that dividend calculation. Then we said we would look at opportunities to expand through non-bank acquisitions. We've had a number of [indiscernible]. BlackArch Partners are in the advisory business; First Sterling, our low-income housing tax credit syndicator business, which was basically on ice this year, but we're looking forward to that expansion this year with tax reform. So that's been important. Bank M&A, given the fact that we have excess capital, we really have to look at banks versus share buybacks. And we believe that the share buyback program that we've had going on will continue and that we will continue to work our capital ratios down to that common equity Tier 1 level of roughly 9.5%. As credit quality and derisking continues, perhaps, that number changes. Perhaps, it could even go lower. If we tag on more risk, the number will go higher. But right now, our goal is to get that to 9.5%.
David Turner: Yes. So we've given you some guidance on low single digits on the balance sheet for loans and deposits. We see that continuing. We have not changed that guidance post tax reform. We'll see what demand for credit might look like. But right now, we feel pretty confident we can grow in the low single digits on both of those. We do have the headwind of our indirect auto book that will affect us about $700 million, as I previously mentioned. But we can overcome that. We continue to grow and grow the balance sheet both in dollars, but also as you mentioned it, it's far more effective and efficient in generating better returns for us.
David Turner: I'm not exactly sure of your question, but let me see if I can give it a stab. So our efficiency ratio, we have a number of things we're going to have to deal with. The tax equivalent adjustment that we have does negatively impact the efficiency ratio as it does the margins. So I told you the 4 basis points in the margin. But it also negatively impact the efficiency ratio about 50 basis points.
David Turner: 50 bps. But we're still committed to having an efficiency ratio under that 60% that we mentioned. So that will come from continuing to become more efficient on expenses. We did a good job of having it less than 1% growth in expenses this year. We see renewed growth in revenue coming. We gave you the guidance of 3% to 5% on NII. We feel good about that based on balance sheet growth and even more encouraged based on what we've seen of late with the market expectations for rates. And we also are getting back on the growth side of noninterest revenue, where we were down this year, but expect 3% to 6% growth in noninterest revenue. So if you put all that together, and we'll get some incremental benefits from the Simplify and Grow strategy that we talked about, we feel pretty confident we can be under 60%.
David Turner: Yes. So that 14% to 16% target was a 2018 target. It was not necessarily a longer-term target. We do expect, as I mentioned before, when we were in the 12% to 14% range, that we would continue to move up -- expectations that we'd move up towards the mid-teens on return on tangible common. Since then, we've had tax reform. We've also had Simplify and Grow. So we will give you better guidance over that range of 14% to 16% as that becomes known. We will be doing another Investor Day roughly this time next year. We'll give you a new three-year set of targets. We'll show you how we compare to the original set of targets that we gave you. But no, we expect that to continue to grow past 2018's results.
David Turner: Sure. So as you look at the detail of our noninterest revenue, we got out of the box a little slower in terms of our capital markets business. It recovered quite nicely in the fourth quarter. And as we said in our prepared comments, we expect that capital markets in particular to be helpful to our 3% to 6% growth in 2018. We do have -- our service charges have been a very stable component of our noninterest revenue. We grew that about a little over 2%, almost 3% in the year. We expect that to contribute as we continue to grow core checking account households. Card and ATM fees, we'll continue to grow those both in terms of share numbers. Our transactions are up, so that will be a piece of it. Our Wealth Management Group in particular in the investment management trust area has continued to benefit from growth in customers as well as assets under management, so that will be a piece of it. We think mortgage continue -- will rebound. We think mortgage will be up nicely from the production that we had this year. It was kind of a reset, we believe, for the industry. So you should see mortgage continuing to rebound as well. Those are kind of the bigger items that we have that should contribute to that 3% to 6% growth.
David Turner: I would add that we gave you some guidance on the charge-offs being in the range of 35 to 50 basis points. And based on what we know today, we think we have charge-offs closer to the lower end of that. And you should think about provisioning equal to charge-offs in that case. To the extent it's higher than that, you probably have something that happened in a hurricane or an energy-type reserve, where the reserve is already there. It doesn't have to be replaced.
David Turner: Yes. So a couple of things. The CapEx, roughly $100 million, is over what we had in 2017. Those capital expenditures are really in areas that help -- make it easier for our customers to do business with us, that help us generate revenue. We don't tie that necessarily to return, at least directly. We believe there are a lot of opportunities. These capital expenditures are exactly that. They hit the balance sheet. They'll be depreciated over time. And depending on the nature of the project, they could be long-dated. They could be tied to a branch. It may be tied to digital opportunities. It may be tied to cyber-risk efforts. So those -- that number, or that increase, you should think about, again, hitting the balance sheet but not hitting the income statement, but a little bit each year. And that's after it's spent. It will this year that we spend it. So you will see hardly any of that hit income this year.
David Turner: We continue to challenge ourselves on that very point, but we're sitting here with a pretty high Common Equity Tier 1 ratio relative to the risk that we have in the balance sheet. And so when you have excess capital, it's hard to see how the market gives you full credit for being optimized on your capital stack. And so we have to have a pretty high return hurdle for us to deviate from buying back our shares versus making some other type of investments. So when you get to the efficient frontier, having your capital amount and your capital stack optimized, then you got a different calculus. But for us, getting to that 9.5% is very important to us, and that's where we're marching.
David Turner: Yes, Chris. It's David. We do not have any relief in our -- in the numbers we just told you from LCR, to the extent that the SIFI designation was changed, and therefore, we weren't subject to LCR. There are some deposits that were fairly low-cost deposits for us that, based on the rules, the runoff assumptions caused us to price those where they weren't as favorable to us, and we let those run off. So yes, LCR certainly would be somewhat beneficial to us. It would help us more from a liquidity standpoint, where we could generate more liquidity there. But in terms of an explicit cost, we haven't quantified that at this point.
David Turner: Not really. You're really talking about a different -- you're talking about liquidity in the bank versus liquidity at the holding company. Those are different concepts, and our -- whatever liquidity we need in the holding company to get our buybacks executed, to help us get to our target capital ratios, we'll fund by debt issuances, like we've done before.
