John Turner: Thanks, Dana, and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that we are very pleased with our fourth quarter and full-year results. We achieved a great deal despite a challenging interest rate and operating environment. Earlier this morning, we reported full-year earnings of $991 million, reflecting our highest level of adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income in more than a decade, resulting in adjusted positive operating leverage of 2.6%. Over the last 10-plus years, we've made significant strides toward our goal of positioning the company to generate consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We've enhanced our credit, interest rate and operational risk management processes and platforms. We've sharpened our focus on appropriate risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation. These actions position us well to weather the economic downturn caused by the pandemic and to serve as a strong foundation for growth. Despite a year of unprecedented uncertainty, we remain focused on what we can control and our efforts are paying off. During 2020, we grew consumer and small business checking accounts by 1.5%. We increased corporate loan production by 6%. We made investments in talent, target markets, technology, and digital capabilities, and we expanded and enhanced products across the consumer and corporate bank, incorporating changing customer preferences and learnings from the pandemic. In 2021 and beyond, we will continue to focus on growing our business by investing in areas that allow us to make banking easier for our customers and while continuing to provide our associates with the tools they need to be competitive. We will make incremental adjustments to our business by leveraging our strengths and investing in areas where we believe we can consistently win over time. We did this by adding mortgage loan originators when rates were still rising, positioning us to better capitalize on mortgage activity. We also expanded our small business platform through the Ascentium acquisition, as well as our enhanced SBA technology platform. In closing, we're very proud of our achievements in 2020, but none of these will be possible without the hard work and dedication of our 20,000 associates. This year has posed a myriad of challenges. However, our associates took action, providing best-in-class customer service, successfully executing on our strategy, and maintaining strong risk management practices in the face of a rapidly evolving operating environment, all of which contributed to our success. Now, Dave will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
John Turner: Erika, our point of view on that really hasn't changed. We want to continue to look for opportunities to make nonbank acquisitions, to expand our capabilities, to help us grow and diversify our revenue. We think the acquisitions that we've made over the last few years have proven to be fruitful as evidenced by over the last few years have proven to be fruitful, as evidenced by, as an example, the great quarter that we had in capital markets, largely driven by M&A activity. We also had a good quarter in low-income housing tax credits and syndications of that business. Ascentium Capital, we’re excited about what we think it can mean for the future. So that's our primary focus. With respect to bank acquisitions, our view of that -- about that hasn't changed. We think we have a really solid plan if we continue to execute our plan, continue to build a consistently performing, sustainable business that, over time, we will continue to benefit from generating nice returns for our shareholders. Our currency will get stronger. And if an opportunity comes along in the future, we would then have an opportunity to consider it. But our focus is on executing our plan.
John Turner: Well, I think, again, if you go back to that, you’re referring to page 20 in the supplement, and we really want to level-set because our point is if you kind of cut to the core of our business, we think, end-to-end, we can grow loans. We said we'd grow low-single digits, but we'll still -- we're going to continue to have the pace of runoff that you see there with regards to our exit portfolios. You see just in the quarter, we were down some $140 million on indirect other and we were down about $200 million on vehicles. We see that pace continuing the way on total loans. But trying to see the message our core business we're in great markets. We expect there to be somewhat of a rebound but it'll be towards the back half that matter, which really is dependent on the economic recovery.
John Turner: Yeah. I think a big part of that is going to be in things like health care and would be a big one, financial services, elements of manufacturing we think are also capable of growing. Those are, those will be three areas that we would really point to at this time.
John Turner: Yeah. So, again we've been pretty consistent with our message on investments. We've invested in people, so mortgage loan originators is an example. Wealth advisors be another one. We've had relationship managers. So, we have to continue to make investments in the people side there. We continue to make investments in technology and cyber and digital. We have to keep doing that to serve our customers. We also are cognizant of the fact that when revenues is challenge, we haven’t forgot how to pay for that so that we can keep our expenses relatively stable to down as we're indicating. So what we do is we look at things like our head count, it's 55% of our costs. We look at occupancy costs. We look at third-party vendors, furniture fixtures and equipment. We've been really good at keeping that cost down. And we're on reef -- continue to focus on it through our continuous improvement program in those same areas in 2021.
John Turner: Yeah. So I think, as we've guided to 55 basis points to 65 basis points and that we believe charge-offs will peak in the first half of the year, that's really a reflection of the fact that our view is we've got some corporate bank or commercial wholesale credits whether they’d be a typical C&I or invest real estate to work through in the first half of the year. On the other hand, consumer which has performed exceptionally well we think will continue to exhibit really good credit quality particularly with the additional stimulus pumped into the economy. And so, if charge-offs rise in the consumer sector, that's likely to be in the second half of the year as it’s the way we think about it.
John Turner: Yeah. I think you got a really -- that word release has always bothered me. But the reserve should go down because of the charge-offs. And then the question is how much do you need in reserve for the remaining portfolio? And so, if you're a portfolio of loans isn't growing and the credit quality isn’t changing and the macroeconomic factors aren't changing, then you wouldn't re-provide because the theory is you already did that. And so that's a straightforward as I know how to make it.
John Turner: No. But basically what you're saying is -- my point I don't mean to be flippant but my point is there are two independent thoughts in charge-off or charge-offs. Then you settle down and you figure out what your reserve needs to be under CECL. And you can't, you can't think of it in the context of the old accounting. That's what I'm trying to get about everything.
John Turner: That's, that's absolutely right. That's why I would give you the analysis we did on that page 20 to show you what the moving parts are on analyzing the reserve. You got charge offs, you get a change in the outlook and then you have other qualitative factors and model considerations that you have to consider. So you're absolutely right, if the economic outlook continues to get better, then you would expect not to need the reserves that you booked. And that is that's a true release.
John Turner: Well, we have our teams -- this is what they do every day, but we’re -- it’s incumbent upon us every balance sheet date to look at the facts that exist at that point in time and make our ultimate determination. So, yeah, as you remember, the first quarter of last year, one week to the next week was dramatic shifts in the macroeconomic environment. So you can't make a call until you get to the end of a quarter.
John Turner: Well, we said that for the near-term we -- that's our range. We're probably going to want to operate at the higher end of that range just because, as we mentioned minute ago, uncertainty continues in the economy. But 10% is our number right now. If we continue to accrete over that then we would be in position subject to the other regulatory tests that we have to have begun to repurchase our shares. As John mentioned earlier though, we really want to use our capital to grow organically, to grow -- do a nonbank transaction to pay an appropriate dividend. But we will use share repurchases to keep ourselves, at least today, at that -- closer to that 10% level. And it could vary a bit just because what happens right at month end. But if we get clarity that maybe we don't need 10% and it’s something lower than that then we'll readjust our share buyback based on our new capital number.
John Turner: Yeah. So your question is what have we done to reposition -- the liability management and how much further we…
John Turner: Yeah. So we're running a little thinner today in terms of opportunities. What we try to do is things that where we don't have liquidity values that we end up taking that out, call it because we have so much cash on hand. We have some marginal opportunities that we're looking at right now Not as many as we have this past year. We have a lot of calls. We’re out FLHB all together, things over $8 billion, we call it. But there’s some small opportunities still left that we’re going to continue to evaluate including things in the preferred stock arena too.
John Turner: Well, let me talk about it in total. So, we have about $12 billion each year of cash flows. We have to put the work and front both back both piece of that is about $115 million today. It's up a little bit than it had been about 1%, it's about $115 million now. And so, we think we've done a pretty good job through our liability management, cash management strategies to neutralize rate even at the long end. But I think of course we have our hedges on the short end. So, we think we've neutralized rates and our ability to really grow NII I and the resulting margin is really going to be predicated on growing our loan book, the size and mix and then the timing of the PPP program as I mentioned earlier.
John Turner: Yeah. So we’ve been investing in that business since 2014 and made a couple of acquisitions to help build it, been acquiring talent to help build out our capabilities, and we’re really pleased with the progress. That function was established to really help us leverage capital markets capabilities into our existing customer base and through the creation of some industry verticals, also build a portfolio of new customer opportunities by, again, leveraging capital markets as a mechanism for acquiring new customers. We're doing that both in our commercial and corporate banking business in particular and in our real estate business. One of the very first acquisitions we made was of a Fannie DUS license, and that real estate permanent placement business has been really solid. We had another good quarter in the fourth quarter and expect that we will in the future. So our objective is to combine our capital markets bankers working closely with our industry experts and our local bankers to deliver our capital markets capabilities, whether it be debt placement, the capital-raising activities, M&A derivatives, foreign exchange. All those things are accreting very nicely to us and helping us grow the capital markets business, and our expectation is that we'll continue to see that as the business matures.
John Turner: Yeah. The bonus is episodic, it ebbs and flows and what we found is that over the last six years as we’ve been building it, we sort of reach a point of equilibrium where we step up to the next level, so to speak. And so I think maybe a year, to year and a half two years ago we were giving guidance that it was a $40 million to $50 million a quarter kind of business. And now we're increasing that guidance because we think there's more recurring sustainable revenue which will be complemented by the episodic revenue that things that happened that we weren't anticipating, that certainly was the case this quarter when we had a number of M&A transactions that got completed prior to the end of the year pulled forward as a result of customers being eager to get something done in 2020. And so don't anticipate that for the second -- for the first quarter. And we certainly don't plan on that in 2021. So we've guided to sort of a new level of what we would say is more likely consistent performance in that business.
David Turner: Okay. Well, good morning. Let me start with PPP, so we originated about $5 billion for the PPP loans this year. Now, the rules were changing early on as you know and some of our customers actually gave us money back before we really earned much yield on it. So at the end of the year, as you can see on our page 20 in the supplement, PPP loans amount to $3.6 billion at December 31. We forgave approximately $1 billion for the loans in 2020 and that was really in the fourth quarter where we generated from the forgiveness piece alone $24 million that we disclosed to you. As we think about PPP 2.0, we estimate at least at this time, that we'd originate approximately $2 billion in PPP loans. Now, the timing and the ultimate amount of that is uncertain as is the forgiveness with the existing $3.6 billion. So we've given you the pieces that you can do some scenario analysis in terms of how you think that may come into income. Clearly, loans that are forgiven quicker come into 2021 and would help from a revenue standpoint. Your second piece of the question is on cash. So, you're right. We do have quite a bit of cash. Our deposit growth was quite strong during the year both in Consumer and Wealth, and also in the Corporate Banking group. So all three of those had nice growth. We have deployed some of that cash in the securities book as you've seen and we have gotten a little bit of steepening of late. The problem is mortgage spreads is tight another way and, therefore, you really don't have a great place to put the cash, and we're reluctant to take on duration risk at this time. And that being said, we are mindful of more stimulus, could steepen out even further, which would give us a better entry point to put that cash. But until we see that, we really are going to have that cash at the Fed earning 10 basis points, which we understand does weigh on our revenue but we think that's the most prudent path.
David Turner: Yeah. It's a great question and there's a lot of uncertainty with regards to that. You can see our slide that we have that's on page 20 of our deck where we break out the component parts where the reserve is moving. Jennifer, that the -- there's still uncertainty with regards to the economic recovery as evidenced by the federal government stimulus program. So, we need to see more certainty with regards to where we think losses will ultimately be. We think there's a risk that those have been just pushed out a bit, that they're still there. And until we have clarity that they're not, we're going to keep the reserves at an appropriate level. We are mindful of the fact that timing of charge offs matter on the reserves. The macroeconomic factors which we have to measure every quarter end is important to us. And so we think ultimately we can get there when times are good. I’m not confident, we were not confident that that can happen in 2021 and the pace of reserves coming down again will be dependent on the things I've just mentioned.
David Turner: Well, so answer your first part of that question is there is a chance that this all this gets pushed out a bit. I think what most people are finding is that this is much more difficult than just changing an index. It so, it permeates a lot of our business. I would say our loan book but our derivatives book and how we transition is really important. How we get our systems updated as a risk that we have to be mindful of. From a competitive standpoint what index will our customers prefer to go to and we deal with large customers. And we deal with middle market and small business customers and a lot of our competitors may use a different index. And so we need to transitioning in that front will be important for us. We need to see the term structures continue to develop, so that we can effectively hedge our interest rate risk without having basis risk at same time. So, a lot of contract. It’s just a big body of work, Gerard. And having more time would be helpful.
David Turner: Well as I say to our team every day, we can't take anything for granted and we continue to see improvement in our business. We've done a great job I think over the last 10 plus months working through a very challenging environment. The industry has done a great job. We're still confronting a number of crises across the country whether they be health related, the economy, the political environment we're operating in, social unrest all those things potentially impact our business. And so, we can't take anything for granted. We've got to continue to focus on the risks in our business make sure that we are executing well, that we're continuing to recruit our talent internally and externally every day to keep an engaged and active team. And I think we do those things and stay focused we do those things as they focus on things that we can control, which is how we take care of our customers, how we respond to each other. It’s about the investments that we make in technology and in our business. If we do those things, then I think we’re doing a good job of managing the risks that are in our business and we'll deliver that consistent sustainable long-term performance. It's about really focusing on what we can control.
David Turner: Yeah. John, so I think from a margin standpoint, we do have a little bit of an anomaly. This first quarter we have a two-day change, so it'll hurt us by that $12 million on NII but it'll help the margin a little bit. So you could see that go actually up a little bit. And we think though, if you look at it in total for the year, we think our margin will trend down into that 330 range. And then we're talking about our core margin now ex-cash in PPP. We think the full year margin will be down about 4 or 5 basis points from where we are today. And if we look at with cash and PPP, we think we'll be down 3 or 4 basis points if we look at the full year number. Hopefully that helps you.
David Turner: Yeah. I don’t know that we’re necessarily seeing a change let’s say in competition. There’s a lot of competition because there’s a tremendous amount of liquidity in the market. So, whether it’d be bank competitors, non-bank competitors, when we see good opportunities they’re very competitive. And in fact we recently lost a few what we would characterize as good opportunities to pretty aggressive pricing. Having said that, again I wouldn't say that's a change as a result of new announcements in the marketplace, bank combinations or anything of that nature. Just people looking for opportunities to and particularly I'd say community banks in the middle market space looking to acquire assets and get some yield. With regard to just disruption, I'd say we feel like we've been able to recruit some really quality talent in the market and that's something that we stay focused on all the time. So, whether there is an announced bank transaction creating some disruption or a stable market, our challenge to our team is to always be looking for the best talent in the markets that we operate in and we have through the pandemic, I think added a number of bankers and senior leaders that we are excited about both in our customer facing businesses and in our, in our staff functions. And so I'd say talent acquisition has been good and we expect it will continue to be.
David Turner: Yeah. I think that's the primary. If we could see a steepening effect occur where we have opportunities to -- we’ll take a little bit of risk there. If we continue to see deposit growth continuing to grow where we have even more cash than we have now, could be an opportunity. But again, we really don't want to continue. We've grown our securities both fairly strong compared to our peers, now some have more cash than we do, but we're all trying to figure this out. We're all trying to figure out what type of risk we want to run. And I think for us it's just -- it’s more rate-driven than anything, John.
David Turner: We’ve done a good job reducing higher cost borrowers, do we have -- or are false about any other opportunities.
Ken Usdin: Hey. Good morning, guys. Just a follow-up on the loan side. You give us that nice adjusted number and reconciliation in the back. Just wondering if you can help us understand also underneath that, the auto book and the runoff that's still happening on the portfolio loan sale that you called out. So it looked like that averaged about $2.7 million, the auto stuff in 2020, and you think that's going to look like as you look forward into 2021.
Ken Usdin: Yeah. I understand and that's exactly I was going to follow up David. As you look through the commercial books and like where would you expect that to be seen the most in terms of that economic recovery starting to show up in that regular way loan book? Thanks.
Ken Usdin: Got it. And the second question just to -- on the expenses you guys done a very good job holding the line on cost of keeping a close to flat. There are some of the peers are starting to talk about extra investments and fronting of things that might have come over time. Just wanted to hear how you guys are strategically thinking about that? Are you, are you putting in enough as you save to keep flat and how do you think about that strategically as you go forward? Thanks.
John Pancari: Good morning, good morning. I appreciate the net interest income details you gave in terms of outlook. I just want to see if you can comment a little bit around the margin and how that could trend for your full year expectation and maybe into next quarter just given the liquidity dynamics as well as obviously the PPP dynamics? Thanks.
John Pancari: No, that does, that does. Thank you. And then just want a competitive backdrop, obviously we've seen a lot of activity in terms of recent bank deals in the set that are impacting the Southeast. And can you just talk about are you beginning to see any competitive strain show up either in loan pricing or other areas that were not as obvious even a year ago or so? And then separately, are you seeing opportunities potentially on talent or customer acquisition as a result of those deals, so they’re on your backyard? Thanks.
John Pancari: Well, thank you that's helpful. I'm sorry if I could ask just one more on the margin front. Would anything really -- what would change your view about potentially putting some of that excess liquidity to work in the bond portfolio? I know you indicated a lack of interest there, but would it only be a material move in rates beyond what we've seen or is there anything else that would make it put money to work? Thanks.
