John Turner: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying that we are pleased with our second quarter results. Our performance clearly demonstrates that we are continuing to successfully execute our strategic plans, building long-term sustainable growth while delivering value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Our reported earnings from continuing operations of $362 million reflected an increase of 21% compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Importantly, we delivered solid revenue growth while maintaining a focus on disciplined expense management. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased to highest level in 10 years. In addition, this marks another very strong quarter with respect to asset quality, as virtually every credit metric improved. In terms of the overall environment, we remained encouraged by improving economic conditions as well as continued improvement in customer sentiment. We remain focused on generating prudent and softer loan growth, while also meeting the evolving expectations of our customers. Once again, we are proud of our robust capital planning process. Our plan of capital actions received no objection in the recent CCAR results, and we're set to deliver a robust return of capital to our shareholders, while maintaining appropriate levels to meet customer needs and support organic growth. With respect to our business strategy, we are committed to the diligent execution of our plan and are making notable progress with respect to our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative, while much has been accomplished, the process is ongoing, and we currently have approximately 40 initiatives underway, ended accelerating revenue growth, driving operational efficiencies, expanding use of technology and ultimately further improving the customer experience. Through this continuous improvement process, we aim to deliver consistent and reliable results over the long-term. For a while now, we've been speaking about four key strengths we believe to provide considerable momentum for Regions. First is our asset sensitivity and finding advantage, driven by our low cost and lower deposit base. This provides significant franchise value and a competitive advantage, particularly in a rising rate environment. Second relates to asset quality. We experienced another quarter of broad-based improvements in credit quality and continue to expect modest improvement throughout the remainder of the year. Further, we believe the de-risking and portfolio shaping activities we have completed, combined with our sound risk management practices that positioned us well for the next credit cycle. Third, our capital position supports additional capital returns as we move towards our target Common Equity Tier 1 ratio. The execution of which was again validated through the recent CCAR process. And finally, we expect additional improvements in core performance overtime through our Simplify and Grow strategic initiative, which is well underway as evidenced by our actions today. As we look ahead, Regions is well positioned and we're building momentum every day. We have clear plans and a strong team, and our focus on effectively executing our plans while adapting to the ever changing environment remaining steadfast. We do not anticipate major changes to the Company's strategic direction. Going forward, we will build on the solid foundation already established, delivering consistent and reliable financial results, and creating a culture of continues improvement our priorities. Providing best in class customer service and unwavering commitment to our associates and communities will not change. Grayson Hall led the Company through one of the most challenging periods in our industry's history. His leadership and commitment has positioned the Company well for the future. On behalf of our associates, we thank Grayson for his 38 years of dedicated service, and I personally want to thank him for his guidance, counsel and support. With that, I'll now turn it over to David.
John Turner: Well, I would say first of all, we are affirming our current guidance for low single-digit loan growth excluding the run off this targeted and indirect portfolio and the TDR sales obviously. By focus on the consumer side of the business, we feel pretty good about our forecast and we look at mortgage, we expect it generally to be flat. I think we see raw in the HELOC portfolio and the balance of our consumer business should grow modestly, we believe across most of the sectors and the remaining part of the year. On the corporate side of the business, our pipelines are good. They have improved since the first quarter and they continue to be pretty solid. Our customers are optimistic, but I would say there is still a bit cautious. We're seeing customers use a lot of their liquidity to fund their additional borrowing needs or what would have traditionally been additional borrowing needs and you can see that in some of our deposit balances. But generally if you think about our business in the three segments that we think about them, the corporate banking business, I think will grow modestly through the balance of the year largely as a result of activity within our specialized industries group and more narrow targeted focus by our diversified industry's bankers, and we've seen both of those teams have some success in the first part of the year. In the traditional middle market commercial banking and small business banking, we have renewed focus there that we are beginning to see really get some traction. Owner-occupied real estate which have been running off at a pretty rapid rate through I guess over the last 10 years has really begun to slow and that will help us, we believe see some additional loan growth through the balance of the year. And then finally in real estate, we had indicated we thought in the second quarter we would begin to see some modest growth. You remember that we have been de-risking that portfolio exiting many of the multifamily construction when loans that we have in the books and that has been successful I think, term lending was very competitive, it has begun to have a positive impact on our portfolio. So, we saw some nice loan growth at the end of the quarter and in real estate banking, and so all-in-all, I think our guidance is solid. I would not say that at this point we guide towards the upper end of range, I think it would be lower end to the middle of the range. But we do believe that, we will achieve those objectives, and if, we do we will meet all of our other targets as a result to that.
John Turner: Sure. We have an M&A team they are charged with finding both bank and non-bank opportunities, and we've had some success acquiring non-bank businesses, mortgage servicing rights and other loan portfolios in fact we point to BlackArch Partners and that investment is being a real half point in the quarter in terms of their contribution. And we will continue to look for those kinds of opportunities because non-bank opportunities help us fill gaps and our capabilities meet customer needs and importantly row and diversify revenue. Bank M&A is a good bit more challenging, and we think about where Regions trades relative to our peers, we are trading relative to targets I would say, likely targets. We are trading at a discount, and as a result, the economics just don’t work for us. We look at our plans and our opportunities and we think they're significant. We benefit from rising rates. We have a good plan to return capital to our shareholders which should generate outsize returns. We think through our Simplify and Grow initiatives that there is a real opportunity to improve our core business. And so, we're just not going to do a transaction that would be significantly dilutive to our shareholders and in this environment. Let’s not say that we’re not going to continue to look, we will do that. We learn as we do. We’re going to be very conservative, very thoughtful. We will seek to build relationships with potential sellers. We will watch the market, but we’re going to be very disciplined in that regard, principally because again, we have the opportunity we think to take advantage of a number of other levers that will drive outsized returns for shareholders.
John Turner: Yes, I will just make another maybe two points, Ken. One is, if you look at growth in consumer deposits, we grew demand deposits in the consumer business by 6.4% year-over-year and continue to see good growth in checking accounts and household. And so, we believe that we will see nice steady growth on -- in consumer deposits. The second thing I would say is. We are again reiterating our guidance for low single-digit deposit growth through the -- end the year. And so, we do expect that will continue to grow deposits and finish the year with little growth.
John Turner: Yes, so a great question. We are seeing a lot of competition particularly in that term lending product. Spreads have compressed 50 basis points or more since to the beginning of year. We've had to be very selective in seeking out opportunities in the space. The growth we've had, though modest, has been in multifamily and office primarily where think we have a good expertise. This audience that -- we have been managing that portfolio very actively for quite some time and today it represents about 7% of our total loan portfolio down from, at one-time bar in the 30% range back during the crises. So, we believe it's a business that we can and will continue to grow modestly and provide really nice fee income opportunities for us, and you see that in our capital markets business and improving. Also presents an opportunity for us to grow deposits as we begin to develop more relationships with the owner operator customer who is the term lending customer. So we will grow it modestly, but carefully and again manage it I think very judiciously.
John Turner: I'll take a shot and maybe David can follow. Typically when our C&I business has been very much of the relationship oriented business going back a very long time is generally built around our core markets Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee where we have very long and deep relationships. We enjoy a significant demand deposits associated with those relationships in that business, and while we don't -- as we look at our peers typically don't get the same yield on the loan side of our business. We enjoy we think a greater demand deposits and so we view it from a relationship perspective. We think that there's a fair trade-off there that’s part of it. Another part of it is that we have been seeking to grow both our government and institutional banking business, which is a little more competitive, and yields are narrower, and separately, we've been working hard to stem the tide runoff in our owner-occupied real estate portfolio. And so, deals there have been compressed a bit to.
John Turner: So, you got to look at mix, you have to look at everybody's hedging strategy. But if you look at our assets sensitivity, 25% of its on the short-term, 25% of its on the middle term and 50s on the long end. So that will have a little bit of the dampening impact in terms of rate increases that move up. And so, I think that it's really hard to compare peers to peer. There are a lot puts and takes on it.
John Turner: So, we do have limits in terms of how much we want, our indirect other get to. Right now, our indirect other consumer about a 7 billion, we’re looking at that number to be in that $2 billion range. So, some growth there, but not a extraordinary growth.
John Turner: Yes, I would just reiterate that. I think we’re very focused on continuing to improve the efficiency of our operations. And we'd make the point there our Simplify and Grow initiative, we try to be clear that is not a program, it's really about making a cultural shift here at Regions. It's about developing a culture of continuous improvement. We've got to always be looking for how we do we make it easier for our customers and banker do business? How do we improve our processes? How do we drive efficiency to be more effective and deliver more value for our shareholders? So, we are very committed to doing that.
John Turner: Gerard, this is John. Yes, we think that is exactly the case and we would point to $500 million is more or less and deposits decline that we think have been directed related to the customers putting that to work It's sort of a -- that's a more specific number than it ought to be more of a round number I guess. But that kind of the runoff that we've seen has I think largely been we believe use our customers to invest in their businesses. And as a result at some point, we think that will translate into additional loan growth.
David Turner: I think John, so our -- this is David. Our expectation for the year is -- our beta thus far is 14% as I mentioned earlier. We do think that picks up with the back half of the year, but if we look at 2018, we think the beta in 30% ranges is what's baked into the guidance that we've given you. Thus far, we've outperformed our expectation on beta, and rates have come in faster than we had anticipated as well. And so, we are reiterating our guidance on net interest income growth this year to the higher end of that 4% to 6% range, we think we can get the higher end of that. As it relates to next quarter, we think will have another solid quarter of growth in NII, and we think our margin will grew modestly because it has overcome about two points of for the next quarter. So, I think that we feel very good about our expectations.
David Turner: Again, this is David. So you mentioned us being disciplined on pricing on the deposit side, but I would tell you, we've been very disciplined on the left side of the balance sheet. We want to grow loans. We did grow loans this quarter, but we’re going to remain very disciplined, making sure that when we layout capital to our customers to serve their needs that we paid and we have an appropriate return on capital that we put out. We have a low loan to deposit ratio relative to our peers. And staying disciplined unless on the left side of the balance sheet, let’s us be even more discipline on the right side. You are correct to see that not interest-bearing deposits have been put work, a lot of that has been on the corporate banking side where corporate banking customers are looking for alternatives to generate yield. Some of that's gone into interest-bearing accounts with that. Some of that's been utilized as John mentioned earlier to fund capital expenditures and put the excess cash to work, and but at some point we believe, those actions will dissipate and we'll be to grow loans. We are constantly looking for relationship deposits, whether it'd be on the consumer side of the business service side. That will always be important to us. But we don't see any need in the near-term to have to go out and bid up deposits from a cost standpoint. That being said, we do have promotions like others do and we will look at opportunities to strengthen the market, leveraging that, but wholesale changes in our deposit structure is not in the order at this point.
David Turner: Yes, so in terms of the level of securities or the percentage for earnings assets, we don’t anticipate any significant change there. If we do get some liquidity, LCR relief, we may change out some Fannie Mae securities and put them to work more effectively. But right now, we think that we just continuing to manage the book like we are with the same duration. We have a lift coming from fixed price lending and our securities book, even if rates stay flat to where they are right now as we re-rate some $12 to $14 billion worth of assets over a given year. So an inversion that you spoke, we think would be more central bank driven than a precursor to a downturn. And even with that and if rates have shifted up and re-pricing comes through, we still have a very significant tailwind in help us to continue to growing NII.
David Turner: I'll add other thing and really you got to look at the whole relationship first, taking apart loan side versus deposits. But we didn't have the leverage lease impairment $5 million you pointed out, that's about three basis points of that change too. So that’s other piece of this.
David Turner: With respect to non-bank, I think our focus has been on, as I said earlier, adding capabilities so whether it'd be in capital markets or in wealth management as an example, adding products capabilities that help us fill gaps to meet customer needs. We've been acquiring loan portfolios, mortgage servicing rights, and those things and we'll continue to do. We have capacity within our mortgage servicing operation. I think we do that well and so we will continue to likely add to that portfolio. On the bank side, typically our interest is going to be in footprint. We talk about size and I think that ranges, but our conversations have been in the $3 billion to $15 billion kind of range. We're not interested, as I said earlier, and doing the transaction that would be a significantly dilutive intangible book value and earned backs are important to us. I hope that gives you a little bit of perspective.
David Turner: So, Geoffrey, originally, we had a preferred issuance build in, but that was in 2019. We do need to continue to watch changes regulatory changes with regards to the SAB in terms of how that might impact our capital ratios, in terms of will it have us, have more common and therefore negate the need to have preferred stock overtime. There is more to come there, but we want to make sure that so we have an appropriate amount of capital Tier 1 and Common Equity Tier 1. Our focus right now in the short term has been to get our common equity down to our 9.5% target range, and as we do that, we need to make sure we backfill appropriately for Tier 1. And if we don't get relief through the SAB, then we'll a preferred issuance in their right now baked in '19.
David Turner: John Owen is leading that work. I asked him to answer your question and you maybe David could follow on as well.
David Turner: So, Betsy, I'll add to that. So, operating leverage today is 2.7%. We are reiterating our guidance of 3.5% for the year. We get there both by having improvements in revenues whether it'd come from rate balance sheet growth, Simplify and Growth initiatives helps through revenue, and then continuing to watch our cost for the remainder of the year. You will see the benefits that as John just mentioned really ramp up in the third and fourth quarters, such that, gives us confidence that, not only we're going to meet our operating leverage target, but we're also getting our efficiency ratio below the 60% level.
David Turner: Well, so, we had baked into our submission to the extent we generate the capital that we were also going to be able to include that and that is in the numbers that you see. So that $300 million has already been asked for. So, there is no need to go back. There is always an opportunity to do back on the de minimis. The de minimis is a fairly small number now and we will have to see circumstances changes. We do not anticipate that, but it's always an option.
David Turner: So, we've been pretty focused on our '18 to just kind of make sure we meet that. It's the third year of our three-year plan we laid out at Investor Day in November of '15. Now, we are going to have our Investor Day in February of '19 where we will have our scorecard on what we told we are going to do. And that we're going to be laying out expectations for the next three years. You've heard me I mentioned before, I think our industry is going to have to begin more efficient overtime, and I think we will certainly do that. And I think targeting something in the 50, mid 50s to maybe even better than that overtime is on the table. I think you should see us through Simplify and Grow initiatives to get just a little better each quarter, but when can we hit that mid 50s, we haven't really gone out and said that. You're going have to wait and show up in February to here. But I think in the not too distant future, we could actually get there.
David Turner: Well, we haven’t led out our timing, Peter, but we have a pretty, pretty tall order to get that done as soon as possible and that's our goal. We are carrying excess capital right now that's really been an anchor from a return standpoint and we would like to get back capital right size, sooner rather than later. So I'll leave it back.
David Turner: That’s a big piece of our deposits base and that’s why it's been fairly stable, that’s why it was our beta was low last time, that’s why we think it will be low this time. And we have the core checking account of our consumer base. And that is really, really important, very granular average deposit of about $3,500 in account. So, that’s what makes us unique and that’s how we win from a beta standpoint.
David Turner: Yes, absolutely. We think it's foundational to who we are and non-metro markets, that’s a big part of our deposit base. It's not just deposits but as a whole relationship that we have these customers that are very loyal to us, and we dominate in those market. So it's important for us to continue to provide good solid customer service and we will retain those deposits, which we think again is foundational and really is a differentiator. We've had this strategic advantage for a long time, but without rates rising someone, we couldn't extract value until now. And so, we think that continues on -- in the future. Now offset to that is, our growth relative to some of those smaller markets is it as robust as some of the major metro, which is why you see us -- you've have seen us make some investments in major metros like Atlanta where we can capture some of that faster growth, but we don’t want to abandoned that core customer base in the smaller markets. So, that's really our strategy on both sides.
David Turner: That's total assets. Gerard. It's probably 2 billion to 3 billion in the securities book and about 10 to 11 in the loan book.
David Turner: Yes, so our duration really can't change overtime. We are in 4 to 4.5 years in terms of duration what's rolling off is in the 250 range and what's going on is about in 315 range. So, that was one of the benefits of operations stay here that reinvest on the maturities again both in securities and loans is a big benefit to us.
David Turner: Well, I think for us, if you look at our retail base betas of 1% gets back to the makeup of our deposit base and who customers are which was really the Chris' first question I was trying to answer. We go to the business side, we've had a cumulative beta of about 44%. Those are often times large corporate customers that are looking everything rates go up for their fair share, and I think that we have to be prepared for that just like we are on competitiveness from a loan pricing standpoint. But what differentiates us is our intent intense focus on relationship banking, whether it would be on the consumer side or to the businesses side or the wealth side. It's really important for us to maintain the relationship and have all the products and services delivered to our customers and we think that's what helps keeps our data down as well.
