John Turner: Thank you, Dana. And thank you all for joining our call today. This morning, we reported earnings from continuing operations of $385 million, a 9% increase over the third quarter of last year, resulting in earnings per share of $0.39, an increase of 22% over the prior-year. This quarter, we also delivered the highest pre-tax pre-provision income that we produced in nearly a decade, while generating 3% adjusted positive operating leverage year-to-date. All-in-all, despite lower interest rates and significant market volatility, it was a very solid quarter. Over the last two years, our core messaging has reflected our intention to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance through all phases of the economic cycle. We've been planning for the time when we would no longer benefit from a rising rate environment, and when credit would begin to normalize. Since late 2017, we began taking incremental actions to reduce our interest rate risk, build a stronger and more resilient balance sheet and improve returns on capital. We executed a robust hedging strategy that will protect us in a declining rate environment, and allows us to maintain a healthy and stable margin without having to stretch for loan growth. With respect to credit, our team has spent the better part of the last 10 years fundamentally changing and improving our credit risk management framework. Today, we have a robust and dynamic process, sitting on appropriate concentration risk, sound underwriting, rigorous client servicing and early identification of potential problems. We've also intensified our focus on risk adjusted returns and appropriate capital allocation, balance sheet optimization, derisking, and repositioning. Just as important we launched our continuous improvement initiative called, Simplify and Grow, focusing on our desire to make banking easier for our customers and associates, accelerating revenue growth and driving efficiency and effectiveness. We've already benefited significantly from these efforts and we have much more to do. We have completed 16 of 67 initiatives, and expect to complete seven more by year-end. These efforts have allowed us to make significant investments in technology to better serve our customers and we're seeing the benefits of those investments. For example, through our digital platform, year-to-date checking and credit card production have increased 24% and 91%, respectively. Loan applications have increased 55% and with mortgage in particular approximately 60% of all applications are completed online. Mobile deposits have increased 60%, now represent 13% of all deposits. These efforts are paying off and positively impacting the performance of our businesses. Simplify and Grow has allowed us to make investments in talent, improve services and capabilities and in our markets, all while prudently managing our expense base, and these investments are also paying off. We continue to grow consumer checking accounts and households, as well as wealth assets under management. We're also succeeding in our priority growth markets, Atlanta, Houston, Orlando and St. Louis. Consumer deposits and checking accounts in these markets are growing more than two times faster than the consumer bank average. Similarly, Corporate Bank revenue and loans are growing faster than the Corporate Bank average. Although, it's relatively early, we are very pleased with the performance of these markets as we are delivering results above our expectations. With respect to the economy, our customers are still generally optimistic about their businesses. But they are becoming more cautious, given continued market volatility and uncertainty regarding trade and tariffs. Many are taking a wait and see approach when it comes to business investments. However, pipelines remain steady, good, but not great. So in summary, we have a lot of positive momentum and feel good about how we're positioned. Our plan is to remain focused on the things we can control; meeting the needs of our customers with best-in-class service, while leveraging technology and making it easier for our customers to bank with us. We're also focused on the fundamentals of our business; generating positive operating leverage through disciplined expense management, while making prudent investment decisions. We're focused on soundness, profitability and growth and that order of priority. We believe our efforts will keep the company positioned to deliver consistent, sustainable results through every economic cycle. Thank you for your time and attention this morning. I will now turn the call over to David.
John Turner: Yes, I think it is a great question. It is very much a balance. We are focused on building a business that's going to be consistently performing, that's going to be resilient, it's going to be sustainable. And that means we've got to build a balance sheet that it is resilient through every economic cycle. We've clearly traded-off some growth for quality and we'll continue to do that, Matt. As we focus on, we think it's a period of time in the economic cycle, and we need to be thoughtful, careful, client selectivity is really important to us. Early identification of problems, exiting relationships that may become problematic, really important to our future. So we talk often about the importance of soundness first then profitability and growth last, we are not going to grow just to grow. We don't need nominal growth. We think the balance sheet is positioned to deliver consistent and sustainable performance and the profitability that we believe will adequately reward our shareholders and that will continue to be our focus.
John Turner: Well, with respect to loan growth, I think what we've said is that we anticipate growing low single-digits typically with the economy, plus a little in the markets that we operate in. We think that that's appropriate if you look at year-over-year business services loan growth has been about 7.5%. We do have some run-off portfolios in consumer in particular. We've seen some declines in equity lending and indirect auto. We're capping our exposure to indirect unsecured lending, but we believe that our focus on continuing to build out the consumer business. At the same time, our commitment to business services lending particularly middle market commercial lending will drive an appropriate amount of loan growth and allow us to continue to grow the assets on the balance sheet. And with respect to deposits, we're focused on core relationships. And when you look at our consumer business, we believe that 93% plus of our customers maintain their primary operating account with us. We're continuing to grow consumer checking accounts at a rate we think faster than most of our peers, consumer demand deposits and consumer low-cost deposits growing over time. Similarly, with a focus on small to medium-sized businesses, winning their operating business, we think we can still continue to grow low-cost deposits, which is really the core of our business and the strength of our franchise.
John Turner: We just had our strategic planning offsite meeting with our Board, spend a lot of time talking about the topic and so I ask John Owen to address it.
John Turner: In our analysis John, we indicate that we can complete the work within the context of our current technology spend. So we don't see any outsized sort of allocation to expense associated with any of the core system changes.
John Turner: Yes, I'll just add, Gerard. The other thing I look at it is, are we growing consumer checking accounts? Are we growing low cost deposits and who are our new customers? And roughly half of our new customers are under the age of 30. And so all of those things for me are indicators that we are in fact competing and having success, offering compelling technology to our customers.
John Turner: I'd just add we actually manage it as a concentration risk like we do every other part of our portfolio.
John Turner: Okay, since we have no further questions. So thank you all for your interest today. Appreciate it very much. Have a good day.
David Turner: Yes, Ryan, this is David. So we've talked an awful lot about how to manage net interest income and margin in changing rate environments and deposit costs being a key input is important to manage both. So let me start with consumer. We've done a really good job of adjusting our deposit cost while staying competitive in the markets we are competing in. And that's been a big driver of our deposit cost declining. I think what you'll see going forward is probably more contribution coming from the commercial side they've done a pretty good job. A lot of those deposits are indexed, if you recall in the first quarter, we increased deposit cost because we had above average loan growth that we had to use deposits to fund that loan growth that's clearly subsided and we're looking at adjusting those deposit cost on the way down. So we have a beta of 25% to 30% that we are giving you guidance for and we think that will apply to the two rate -- potential rate cuts that we see for the remainder of the year.
David Turner: So I won't comment quite on '20, yet. But the way we think about it is, we are continuing to make investments in talent, mortgage loan originators, commercial ORMs, wealth advisors. We've continued to make investments in technology, 42% of our $625 million is spent on new things that we need to have to continue to make banking easier for our customers. We have to do that and we will continue to do that. But in order to make room for that and control costs, we have to get better at literally everything we do. So John has asked all of us, all 20,000 people that work here, how do we get better at whatever we do tomorrow than we did yesterday, so that we can continue to make room for investments that we want to make. We have inflation in our expense base of about 2.5%. So we have to overcome that inflation plus the investments to be able to hold our cost relatively stable like we've done for the last couple of years. We will continue to seek to hold our cost down and we have a goal of efficiency to get to the 55% range, we mentioned that at Investor Day. We were 57.4% today, obviously it's very challenging in a low rate environment, but we are not giving up. We're going to continue to seek becoming more efficient as we go forward. So there is still room to control -- control cost into 2020.
David Turner: I'll add, Matt. We do expect to grow, as we said we would grow low to mid single-digits in terms of loans for the year. We were up about 4.8% year-to-date on an adjusted basis. And so what we're saying is, we do expect to grow. We're just not going to force growth on the balance sheet to generate nominal revenue and nominal income if the return gets harmed.
David Turner: Yes. So I'll start Ken with the end in mind. We talked about the -- going into next year, we think our margin could increase into the low to mid-3.40 range. We have a chart with regards to our sensitivity our short-term sensitivity is taken close to zero. By the beginning of the year through all the hedges that kick in and starting, little bit in the fourth quarter, but primarily the first part of the year. What we want to do is we have more exposure on the long-end than a lot of our peers. So we wanted to kind of neutralize that a bit. So we've entered into a couple of million dollar worth of hedges that would really be -- that kind of got tied in when the tenure was in the mid-low 170 range to help us from the long-end. And that's really manifests itself and reinvestment of cash flows that come off the business every month. So that's baked into the guidance that we're giving you. And we believe that we're not going to have a disproportionate correlation to the tenure relative to our peers after this.
David Turner: Yes. So premium amortization was relatively stable in the quarter about $28 million in the quarter. What we did is we took some low-yielding investment securities that we could sell, we took those, we repositioned those into longer, a little more duration, a little more carry to help us. Just again boost a little bit from an NII standpoint, but they were really lower yielding mortgage-backed securities that we sold and reinvested.
David Turner: Yes. So I'll start with your last question. We calculate the amount of capital we need to have based on our models. Not, it's not regulatory driven, and yes, we are encouraged by the tailoring relief that we have, but does not change one iota the amount of rigor that we put in the capital planning and management. We still have, every other year our CCAR submission. So for the time being, 9.5% was our target. We try to put that in our prepared comments to even though our math really says, we could get to 9%. We've added 50 basis points of cushion to enable us to take advantage of opportunities should they arise. As the market uncertainty and the economic conditions continue to decline a bit. As it relates, and the 9.5% was going to allow us to get to the kind of returns we think are appropriate given the circumstances that we're under. Now the 18% to 20% was, as John was saying in the middle of your question that we had, and that was very different interest rate environment, we all thought rates were going to go up this year and they're clearly are down and they are forecasted to be down through the period of time we have covered by that Investor Day. So getting to 18% to 20% would be very difficult to do without taking some unusual risk, which we will not do. So we're going to come out and we'll update the exact targets for you later, but clearly, there has been some decline in terms of return expectations. I think that's what's our -- the stock prices in our industry have reflected. But exactly, where those will be, we need to get a little better handle where we think rates will go. We have two baked in for this year, there's probably another one coming in '20 as well. So more to come, Betsy.
David Turner: Yes, thank you for the question. I guess, we really did two things to -- both were intended to standardize, you can imagine with the truest announcement, there's a lot of concern about what our future is what our intentions are, a lot of questions about what may happen going forward. It caused us to look at our change of control agreements and because the bank was the combination of a lot of banks over a long period of time, what we quickly concluded was we had a fair amount of inconsistency in our agreements both with respect to change of control and severance. And so we asked our Board to consider a change in the or modifications to both change of control and severance, to make them more consistent, so they apply to both an appropriate group and they applied similarly to that group. And so it simply was the housecleaning sort of initiative for us to get everything in order. No real, significant change for our shareholders or frankly for our associates. But it does create some consistency.
David Turner: Well, we don't want to give guidance yet on what next year is. We have -- still have things that we don't know about, what will the rate environment look like. Clearly, that puts pressure on growing net interest income, we do think that, we've talked a lot about being able to grow the balance sheet consistent with with GDP and then some, then a little. Now, we've also done a lot of capital recycling to make sure that we're getting good relationship business on the books. And so you've seen some pressure on absolute loan growth there. But we expect to grow, and our teams have that expectation. So we have that piece of it, we feel good about. Let's just see what the rate profit gives us going into next year. Lower rates obviously put some pressure on us.
David Turner: Well, so our commitment has been and continues to be generating positive operating leverage in any environment. So we are seeking to grow revenue faster than the expenses. So where revenue continues to be challenge, we will continue to work even harder on expense management, feel that we can do that. So I think that clearly revenue is going to be challenged, kind of back to the last part, the last question is revenue will be challenged because 65% of our revenue comes from spread, and we had higher rates in the first half of the year versus the back half. And so on a comp '19 to '20, it would be very hard to grow revenue in that at least NII. So loan growth, will help us there a bit. We'll see what the rate environment is, but we have good NIR, we have good investments that we've made, we expect that to continue to grow and as we just talked through our continuous improvement program to help and control expenses, we believe will generate positive operating leverage and continue to work our efficiency ratio down at the same time.
David Turner: So yes, there is a lot of stories inside the loan book. Let's kind of start at the top. So our big driver of loan growth has traditionally been our C&I book. Those can be lumpy from time to time. It depends on access to capital markets. It depends on line utilization, and you've seen some of that happen in this year. I mean it's, we had a lot of growth in the first quarter and no growth in the second, in the third quarter. We feel good about our pipelines, we feel good about our conversations. We're having with our -- with our clients, they are cautious, there're optimistic but they're watching this uncertainty with regards to trade and tariffs clearly put some pressure and downward sentiment in terms of wanting to make the next dollar fixed capital investment. But that being said, we still think there is going to be some growth there from an investor real estate standpoint we've probably have the second-lowest concentration of investor real estate of our peers, we have some opportunities there. We are being very careful and selective with clients. So from time to time, you'll see that move up and then pay-offs will move it back down, but I think investor real estate is an opportunity. Resi-mortgage continues to be an opportunity. We had a little bit of growth this quarter, production was up. About a third of that was refinanced and two-thirds of it was purchased. And we keep about almost half of what we, what we produce. So I think that'll be a plus in our direct consumer, we think it's going to be a plus. We making investments in unsecured even though GreenSky is running off, we have other avenues. I think John mentioned, we're going to cap unsecured, but we continue to see opportunities for a little bit of growth there. Now home equity has been on -- quite a bit of decline over time, and we think that that will slow down a bit. So I think that when you and you had mentioned indirect vehicles being down. Those are really the key drivers. Again, we're not looking for a lot of loan growth, but I think, we'll have solid loan growth that will be profitable for the Company.
David Turner: It's about $1.9 billion actually. It has little low right at two years in terms of duration. There will be pieces of this at linear for a while, but the bulk of that's two year.
David Turner: And Saul while it's -- begins to run off. We've modestly increased our commitment to so far to grow that portfolio and we are investing in our own unsecured lending capabilities and we believe that we can match the timing of the run-off and the increase and so far with unsecured lending capabilities, all of which should help us on the consumer side in addition to growing mortgage, yearly bank card and growing direct lending.
David Turner: I would not say that day two would be anything remotely close to day one. Day one just kind of level sets and we are -- we'll see what other peers are coming out and what their -- what their numbers are really is dependent on portfolios those with consumer or longer dated loans are going to have higher CECL charges than those that are business services oriented that have shorter-term duration of their loan books. Day two, you need to think about, you still have charge-offs that come through. You have to provide CECL reserves and provisioning on loan growth, those have a tendency to be somewhat higher than we have today. Under the incurred model and again, very dependent on what type of loans you're growing, so mix makes a big difference. So if you're growing mortgages versus commercial real estate, mortgages are going to carry a higher provision than commercial real estate as odd as that sounds. And then the last key factor is what's the economic outlook, how is that changing from time to time and that's why we put in our prepared comments, we've given you $400 million to $600 million, but is really dependent on what it looks like December 31/January 1, what do we think the -- the forecast looks like going forward. That makes a big difference in day two, when that change occurs things getting better or worse, you see in particular when they get worse or forecasted to get worse. You can see much bigger provisions than you do other than in current model and that's what the standard was supposed to do. It was trying to have your reserve much quicker. And that's why we've talked about pro-cyclicality of the standards is as pro-cyclical as you can get because in a down rate cycle, you're going to be reserving more for loan growth, which is -- which causes one to be concerned about the cost and availability of credit in a downturn.
David Turner: I will add, Barbara. The 40 basis points to 65 basis points loss rate was over the next three years.
David Turner: I think, Steven, our expectation of the tenure was closer to 3%, than the $150 million. At the time we gave that out. So there are two things that drive return is the numerator and denominator and that denominator impact on lower rates is pretty tough. When you have falling rate environment, clearly, the fair value of the investment portfolio and therefore book value increases and it's the same thing on all the derivatives that that we've added the fair value of those have obviously increased putting pressure on the denominator. So that's a -- that's more meaningful than you might think. When you go through the calculation from a net income standpoint, clearly, we had rate expectations and margin guidance that had been as high as 370, down to a low of 340. That's where we are. And so 18% to 20% wouldn't predicated on being at the low end of the range. So I think, if you look at our industry and you think of just good core commercial banking, at 20% return on capital can get -- you can get there when you have a rising rate environment margins are continuing to expand. We don't have that. We have low rates, a relatively flat yield curve and no -- at least the market saying, no real expectations for rates to change over the next couple of years. So it's really hammering out net income growth and return through making good investments to grow in IR, watching expenses, keeping tabs on credit quality. And that's what we're doing. But it's, it's, you can't get to those type of returns in this environment, if it persist.
Barbara Godin: Brian, this is Barb Godin. On that note, we do have some concerns in the restaurant portfolio that we seeing some softening in the restaurant portfolio. There's certainly been some softening in the energy portfolio, a little bit manufacturing, but by and large, we decided to be much more transparent providing you with information on our portfolios, so that -- all of you have an opportunity to look and say, look, we see what's in their portfolio, we feel good about their portfolio, we feel good about our portfolios and our ability to manage it and we just felt that now was the time to be, as I said, much more transparent, particularly as we go into with potentially looks like a credit cycle that will happen in the next couple of years.
Barbara Godin: We do have a number of credits that again based on the way we define it, will become leverage even though they started off as not leveraged. Additionally, we've got Ronnie Smith here, who runs that portfolio and I'm going to ask him to make a couple of comments on it.
Barbara Godin: Yes, it's Barb again. In the criticized portfolio on particular classified, I think is what you're pointing to which drove that number up. So let me first start with saying, despite all that, our credit metrics for the quarter were within our broader risk expectation. We experienced improvement in several areas. As you know, delinquencies were down 4%, TDRs down 7%, NPLs down 13%, and charge-offs were flat. So we feel good there. And as well as you mentioned, David, did our Shared National Credits were included. And just to comment on the Shared National Credits, we weren't agent on any of those credits by the way. If I speak specifically to our classified loan category, I'm going to categorize what happened this quarter as follows, which is really over half of the increase came from five energy credits that moved into the category, but since quarter-end, one of these credits has totally resolved and the other three credits are to a large energy services customer, that's staying with us for well over 50 years and they have the proven ability to perform through the cycle. So for energy in general, I'll make the comment that our book right now was only 13% oilfield services and we also have gone through and have stressed our price deck on which we both lend as well as service our accounts down to $39.20. And that's against today's price, last I looked this morning. It was about $54 a barrel, give or take. So based on all of this and we've done a lot of work, we believe our energy losses will stay somewhere within a really manageable range of about $30 million to $50 million over the next year, in addition to energy -- next three year, sorry. In addition to energy, we also had some asset-based loans that we move to classified this quarter with all of them currently being well within their asset values. So as such, we anticipate minimal to no loss on those credits. And lastly, we also review the top 80% of credits that moved to our classified category this quarter and again based on this, we're comfortable both our loss range of 40 basis points to 50 basis points for this year and 40 basis points to 65 basis points over the next year based on a slowing economy. So I would summarize by saying, we don't see what happened this quarter as being a systemic issue, we are where we're coming off a period of historically low numbers and as such, we believe that some increase was to be expected.
Barbara Godin: There is some marginal deterioration, but we're really are just trying to get much more transparency.
