O. B. Grayson Hall: Overall, this quarter's results really demonstrate the continued progress that we've made in entering the second half of 2012, with both positive and encouraging momentum. While there's still work to be done, we are successfully executing our business plans, making substantial progress in taking actions that positions us to maximize our opportunity for out-performance. We continue to make progress even in the face of challenging markets. In the second quarter, we completed the sale of Morgan Keegan, and as a result, we are a simpler organization focused on the fundamentals of serving our banking customers. We're now able to offer our Wealth Management customers segment enhanced banking, trust and investment products with outstanding customer service. On the Business Services and Consumer front, we have been taking steps that expand and enhance our product offerings, as well as simplify and improve the delivery of customer services, and the customer focus is central to our business model. Our associates are working hard to ensure Regions is providing competitive products and services to satisfy customers' individual needs. We have a competitive team that consistently provides award-winning customer service, which we believe is a differentiating factor in today's marketplace. With this in mind, we are continuing to manage efficiency and selectively add to our team. For example, recently hiring additional bankers for growing specialized industries. We continue to invest in people and technology to build the best foundation for delivery and execution of our business plans and to take advantage of opportunities present in our markets, and in this economy. Although economic growth is expected to remain modest over the balance of the year, Regions has levers in place to continue to strengthen our financial performance and deliver improved returns by shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
O. B. Grayson Hall: What's in line is, as we look at the NPR and we're studying this very carefully to make our comments and recommendations for change. When you look at our balance sheet, most material impact, as David said, is on the Consumer segment. And in particular, the real estate-related products. Obviously, as these rules are passed in the form they're in today, or in similar form, it will require some adjustments to our products and will also change somewhat in how we approach that market with those products. And so even though they won't be implemented until 2015, as it stands today, I do believe that the industry and ourselves in particular will start making business model adjustments as soon as we know what the definitive rules will be.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I think, clearly, when you look at our credit metrics, we're continuing to see favorable trends. As a result of our conservative nature, we have clearly communicated that we think that recovery can be uneven. Although in the metrics, we continue to see our metrics perform really at levels better than we had internally forecasted. But we continue to see an improving landscape from a credit standpoint. We have seen some recent recovery in some of our markets that relate to housing. These have been modest recoveries, but been more widespread than we would have anticipated at this juncture. But I do think, that when you specifically look at our division, our charge-offs remain elevated above normal levels, although continue to improve. But when you look at the provision, that provision obviously will also normalize as our asset quality normalizes. And I'll ask Barb Godin to make a few comments, if you will, on the same subject.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And if you look at it, clearly, nonperforming loans were down quarter-over-quarter or 11%, about 48% from the peak. If you look at migration, and migration was down 17% quarter-over-quarter and 81% from the peak. So clearly, improving numbers from what we had seen historically. But if you will, the migration is starting to fall in what we'd categorized as normalized rate.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, we continue to see, and as we said earlier, our loan yields appear to be stable and we think that will continue. But we think there is also still room for improvement in the deposit cost or deposit pricing itself. The question we have, as David just said, is where do reinvestment rates go on our investment portfolio? But when we net all of that together, we still are indicating that we believe we will maintain a fairly stable margin.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Marty, what we're seeing is, is that when CDs renew, we're retaining about 70% of those CDs in the CD product. The other 30% of the CDs, some of that is migrating into other depository accounts or migrating outside our bank. But clearly, we've seen a strong improvement in our low-cost balances, deposit account balances. And believe a healthy portion of that money is being retained by the company. And I'll also point out that a lot of our liquidity and deposit accounts is with business customers, and we continue to see above-normal levels of liquidity in our business checking products.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I would say that the numbers don't appear to support that. When you look at our numbers, our sales pipeline still remains strong, still above this time last year. And if you look at our numbers in terms of growing our commercial industrial loans, we saw good growth in the second quarter. That being said, anecdotally, I would say you're correct. What we've heard from our customers, as we meet with them, is that risk appetite of our commercial customers has softened. I think we have some of the uncertainties here in the marketplace today, and all are well-described in the media each and every day. I think a number of our customers are taking a less aggressive risk appetite position. And anecdotally, we're hearing that. Numerically, it hasn't quite shown up in our business yet.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We were fairly aggressive early on in branch consolidation and branch rationalization. If you recall, we closed over 46 branches in 2011. That's embedded in our expense run rate today. We have consolidated 7 branches in 2012. But I would tell you, in summary, when you look at it from the top of the bank, we were aggressive early in branch rationalization and took some pretty strong steps over the last 3 years. We believe, in large part, our branch franchise today is going to be fairly stable. We will make some moderate changes, but you shouldn't expect anything of a major level in that regard. It'll only be making moderate adjustments to our business model. That being said, we are seeing transaction volumes of monetary transactions in our branches decline, but we continue to see improvement in sales transactions. And we are trying to transition our offices with more focus on sales and meeting customers' needs and realizing that monetary transaction volumes will continue to slowly decline through that channel. We're investing an awful lot of money in our other channels. We're seeing some remarkable growth in our mobile channel. But also in our web-based product offerings. So we're trying to invest in those channels that the customers want most. But quite frankly, our branches continue to be one of our most effective sales channels that we have.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And Jefferson, this is a topic that we spend an awful lot of time on. Clearly, as we're looking at what we believe our future earnings potential will be in a low-rate, slow-growth environment, we continue to believe that we have to have a very rigorous and disciplined approach to expense management. We're doing a number of things. There's a number of initiatives across the organization to improve efficiency. Part of that is people. Clearly, a big part of our expenses is in salaries. But we really are trying to focus on processes that we can change and improve that allow us to do things more effectively. We've got new technologies rolling out into our branch systems, that allow us to reduce a considerable amount of overhead expenses in our operating environment. We don't necessarily have a named program, like many of our peers do. But don't misinterpret that. We've got a very distinct and clear focus on trying to reduce our expense base. That being said, I would agree with David. Part of our expense savings are to fund headwinds that we're facing, as we're having to add stamping and adding technology to make sure that we are effectively managing all of our compliance risk, and so there are some offset to our savings.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No, Matt, what we've done is, really, we try to focus on our funds availability policy, as well as our non-sufficient funds policy to ensure that, one, it is in concert with our focus on service quality. And as we've looked at that, we continue to challenge ourselves every month as we analyze customer activity and customer responses to make sure we're taking the appropriate steps. This particular adjustment we made to our processes are not around sort sequence, but really around the way we handle customers who have come in and preestablished overdraft protection lines, and how we handle transactions that come in that exceed the capacity of those preestablished lines.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll just make a couple of comments. One is that we continue to look at our consumer business model and see where we can enhance our products, but also expand products. As you are aware, we entered the credit card business a little over a year ago. And we introduced a number of new products in that line in the last few weeks. So we tried to address our interchange revenue in terms of adding credit customers that will use the credit card for purchases. But we continue to push the debit card. We continue to see success in increasing the penetration of the debit card product into our checking account base. We obviously have seen the revenue on a per transaction basis decline there, but we're obviously trying to make up some of our loss through growth. I would tell you, we've introduced a number of new products in terms of prepaid cards, that we hope enhanced the view of that customer segment. And as you are well aware, we've continued to migrate our checking accounts from, really, the free-checking environment to one where accounts are fee-eligible. We continue to believe that we can mitigate the impact of Durbin over time. We will not completely mitigate it in '12, but we believe that we can mitigate it over time. And we continue to be positive about the progress we've made, thus far.
O. B. Grayson Hall: As we've said earlier, we've looked at the migration of loans to nonperforming status. We were 3 15 this quarter, that exceeded our internal projections. It's actually less than our internal projections. The pace of economic improvement in the country really drives that. That really is an indication of the health of our customers. And we continue to ask ourselves that same question, it's a great question. It's what's the pace of that improvement going to be? We continue to believe it will be an uneven recovery. But we would love to see it faster, but predicting that pace of recovery is a very difficult thing to do at this juncture.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And you'll see that range when we follow our queue. But we do believe that it will fall in that range of $300 million to $400 million.
O. B. Grayson Hall: What you're seeing, the loan portfolio, this time is good growth in commercial industrial lending. We saw good growth in mortgage. We saw good growth in indirect auto. We did not -- when you look at the balance sheet, we've elected not to place any fixed rate product on the resi mortgage portfolio or to out that production on our balance sheet. And we've done that predominantly because of our cautiousness around the duration of that asset. How long it might be on the balance sheet given the low rate environment that we're in today. So the consumer portfolio continues to decline, predominantly because of that decision. I would say the equity portfolio continues to decline about $100 million a month. That's consumer de-leveraging. And we continue to see that de-leveraging. The ability for people to refinance continues, I think, to add to that issue. The good news we saw in our mortgage production is about 60% of our production was refinance and 40% was purchase. And so the purchase part of that activity really encourages us from first to second quarter. We saw not only refinancings go up, but purchases go up. So we have some strength, I think the housing market's starting to show. It's slow and incremental, but improvement, nonetheless. On the commercial side, I just think what you're seeing is that most of our activities in the higher end of commercial middle market, and the small business owner, the small commercial customer. It is still behaving an awful lot like a consumer, it is still de-leveraging. And I think, as we get more confidence in the economic outlook, you'll start to see that segment improve. What we had said earlier as we felt that our loans outstanding would, by the end of the year, would be approximately what they were at the beginning of this year. I would say we have less conviction in that today. Although we've seen our rate of decline slow, we've seen more production on commercial real estate than we saw this time last year, and we're seeing that commercial real estate portfolio still declining but at a slower pace. So we think we'll be close by the end of the year, but I think it's a great question.
O. B. Grayson Hall: If you recall, we did about $1.6 billion in total mortgage production in the first quarter and $2.1 billion in the second quarter. The HARP 2 production is running about 24% of total production. And that's up significantly from first quarter. But we're pretty steady. Right now, about $700 million originations a month. We don't see that increasing a lot from this point. But we think, right now, looking at our application pipelines, that at least for the third quarter, that looks very sustainable.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, I think, obviously when you look across the 16 states we operate in, there are some mixed metrics around housing. But generally, what we've seen is some pretty steady improvement, although incremental, in most of our markets. I would tell you that, generally speaking, inventory levels are down. And in some markets, inventory levels are down at levels we haven't seen in a number of years. In Florida, in particular, I would say most of the strength we've seen have been in metro markets. And in particular, we've seen the condominium segment improve faster than we had earlier forecasted. We're seeing some strength in our business in Florida, that have been exceeding our internal forecast. And we think that while Florida was probably one of the harder hit markets we've seen from a housing standpoint, and it's going to take some time for recovery, that we continue to be encouraged by some of the signs. When you look at our mortgage production, there's an awful lot more home purchase in Florida. And in the other markets, use of refinance is not an option for a lot of homeowners in Florida, but you are seeing home purchase there. And so, I would say the strength is, at this point in time, seems predominantly located in the metro markets. Barb, would you like to...
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I think what we've seen is, clearly, there's pretty intense competition for loans, obviously, in this environment. We saw some pricing compression early on, that I think part of that was because pricing would hit -- the spread, it really expanded during the recessionary period. And we saw some compression. But still, pricing is holding up above pre-recession levels. But it seems to be steady at the moment. And I'm not saying there isn't the odd transaction here and there where one gets priced at a level we don't understand. But I would say that is infrequent. The norm seems to be fairly stable.
O. B. Grayson Hall: A couple of things. I think one, as this environment extends for long period of time there's going to be some rationalization on the part of competition. There has to be. There can be some irrational behavior on the short term. But on the long-term, it has to rationalize. I think the other issue too is the Basel III rules coming out. Obviously, there's going to be the entire industry stands to revisit our pricing models with those capital allocations and certainly will alter pricing in a number of different lending products.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. I mean, we continue -- we continue to deliver a considerable improvement in our deposit cost without demonstrating much of a decline in our outstanding deposits. And in fact, other than the time deposit segment of our deposit portfolio, we continue to grow that segment. We've gone through quite extensive analysis of the deposit guarantee program. We believe that would have a fairly nominal impact on our deposit base. We know which customers we work with our customers closely that might be an issue with. But I think given the capital levels of the industry and where we're at today, but that's not as material an issue as it was a couple of years ago. And so, we don't anticipate that being an issue for us at this juncture. We do not know how to handicap that event and would not speculate on that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I do not think that the anecdotal information we're hearing as a result of perceived pricing issues going forward at all. I think the average customer is seeing such a healthy level of competition between financial institutions at this juncture I think most of our customers continue to believe that they're going to have a fairly robust level of competitors competing for their business and pricing would be fair. I think most of the risk aversion is really over economic uncertainty as opposed to any sort of implications from capital requirements.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, we appreciate again, everyone's participation today and your interest. We had some great questions, and we thank you for that. But without any further conversation, we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
David J. Turner: Sure, Ryan. As I've mentioned -- this is David. The biggest change for us came in the form of risk-weighted asset changes. And more specifically, within that, those consumer products that are tied to real estate, in particular were our resi mortgage and our HELOC book. And I will caution this is still an NPR, there are changes that can be made and I'm sure will be made, that we need to incorporate. That being said, we will look at starting to analyze our business and changes that we need to think through, in terms of how that would impact going forward. Clearly, as is, you will be holding more capital for those 2 products that I just mentioned. And those, holding more capital clearly would have an impact in terms of the availability of that credit at the prices that we have today. And so we will look at restructuring those if we have to, to minimize the capital impact to us. I would also tell you that the changes in the risk weights don't take effect until 2015, as proposed. That, too, could change. But we have time to overcome and will modify our business, such that we have an appropriate amount of capital at the date that is implemented.
David J. Turner: Yes. I think that what our guidance was there to try and give you information that would guide you for the rest of the year, that we felt would be fairly consistent with that first quarter number or the as-adjusted second quarter. Clearly, from deposit rate policy changes that we've made, there will be some impact going forward. It's in the $3 million to $5 million per quarter. Not a big number, but we expect that to be fairly consistent with what you see as-adjusted.
David J. Turner: Marty, I'll tell you that we did have a little bit of a more favorable move in the quarter due to our improving our credit metrics. So there are 2 or 3 points there, and we wanted to guide to the consistency or stability of the margin from where we are right this minute. Because of that, we'll see if things of that nature, the improvement in nonperformance continue in the third and fourth quarter. You're right to point out that our repricing in the second half is very strong from a deposit standpoint, but we also are looking at historically low 10-year and the reinvestment rates will serve to work against us. The question is, how long will this remain? And so we've been a little cautious and wanted to kind of guide towards the stability of where we are right now. And if it's higher than that, then that will be a plus.
David J. Turner: Jeff, one of the things we try to guide to is looking at 2012 expectation over '11, which we are confident that we would have lower, and this is excluding last year's goodwill impairment, we'd be lower in 2012 than in '11. Now we clearly have improvement in our credit cost, our environmental-type expenses, which are OREO and held-for-sale expenses. And we reported the net gain that we had in held-for-sale. So you should expect some unevenness relative to that. As our nonperforming loans continue to come down, and a number of loans in our special asset group comes down, we certainly have cost saves that we get there. That being said, we also have an increasing compliance environment where we have to shift and hire people to cover the compliance cost. We have a new regulator in as well. And so, I think our best guidance right now is to stick with really kind of global year-over-year where we are. That being said, we focus on expenses intently and intense focus on expenses. We are down year-over-year about 544 positions. Salaries and benefits is our #1 expense line. We continue to watch that, we watch occupancy cost in our furniture and fixture expenses, the top 3, very closely. Where we have opportunities to tighten up, as credit improves for instance, we will take advantage of that.
David J. Turner: That's right, Matt. We've kind of guided to roughly equal that. Maybe slightly up from there, but not a large change from that quarter.
David J. Turner: Matt, I don't have the precise numbers. I can tell you that the impact on unfunded commitments is going to impact some of our peers a lot more severely than us. And it has to do with the proportion of unfunded commitments that are 365 days, and shorter, versus longer. So there is an impact related to that, but it is not the major mover, the major one is related to our risk-weighted assets on resi mortgage and the HELOCs.
David J. Turner: No, Craig, the primary driver is just the reinvestment risk that we have in this low rate environment. Currently, we have about $500 million rolling off of our -- is cash roll-off of our investment portfolio and having to reinvest that as the lower yields continue to drag that down. So we don't have anything that really sticks out other than that. Again, we caution a little bit on the stability of the margin because we had about 3 points that we picked up in the quarter related to better-than-we-had-anticipated improvements on nonperforming loans. If we get that kind of improvement in the third, fourth quarter like we had then that 3 points would be there. But we're trying to guide to a little more stable -- stability there.
David J. Turner: Yes, we didn't expect there to be some added pressure on the investment portfolio in the quarter. Our going-on yield, today for securities, is in that, right just below 2%, 1.70%, 1.75% for the mortgage-backed security products that we would be purchasing. So over time, you would see that that's going to put more pressure in the third and fourth quarter.
David J. Turner: Yes. We have a fairly significant amount of deposits repricing in the second half of the year and that's a big part of how we are confident in the stability of our net interest margin. And one other follow-up, in terms of the investment portfolio, we talked a couple of quarters ago about trying to invest in more corporate securities. We've kind of isolated about 10% of our portfolio in those type nonindustry mortgage-backs. And those are going on the books in the 3.25% range, which also will help stabilize a little bit of the investment yield. But our biggest benefit that we see in the back half is that deposit repricing on the CD book.
David J. Turner: No. We used to have roughly 5% to 7% of our investment portfolio in munis before we got into the economic environment we're in today. And so we divested all of those and we're a bit reluctant to go back into the muni market thus far.
David J. Turner: Sure. We have 2 issues in that 8.45, there's a 3.45, there's price of debit, 8 7/8, and there's 500, that 6 5/8. The 6 5/8 clearly is business capital treatment as this other one. But we look at that as a reasonable long-term debt yield today. The other one, the 8 7/8 is one where we think we have opportunity to -- as we think about liability and capital strategies via NPR, that we could look at and perhaps call, given the regulatory event that occurred. So we're trying to lead it to -- as we are investigating that, we'll be putting together our thoughts on that and get back to the investors and analysts regarding that.
David J. Turner: Yes. I think that clearly, the pace is what's harder to predict, given that we think clearly the economy's where it is there's going to be unevenness relative to charge-offs as we've indicated earlier on charge-offs are higher than where we want them to be. Although we have reserve for. The biggest determinant of how that 3% comes down closer to that 1.5% to 2% that Barb mentioned is going to be the level of charge-offs. As we continue to get clarity around that number, the pace of that change to get to the 1.5%, 2%, will become clearer.
David J. Turner: Okay, this is David. I think Erica's question was really trying to get there, too. So we had 3, call it maybe 4 points, related to loan yield that we had related to end of the performance of nonperforming loans this quarter, that hopefully, they'll repeat. But if they do, then that'll benefit our margin outside of what we're telling you. Persistently low rates from a loans standpoint, yes, we'll continue to have some pressure. But it's really the reinvestment risk on investment portfolio is probably the greatest impact to us from a NIM standpoint. We are trying to change our mix of our loan portfolio to more to the consumer side. I've mentioned in my prepared comments about the changes we were making to our credit card program that we purchased last year, about a year ago, that we'll be converting into our system in the third quarter, and we're rolling out new cards and Rewards program. The purpose of which is to control the customer experience and assist us in increasing our sales production with credit card. We think that also bolster -- to the extent that we can execute on that, bolster our loan yields.
David J. Turner: Well, I think to the extent that we're not getting 25 basis points anymore, everybody will move to going back to what we used to do. It'll be more credit risk in the system as we go overnight, with other counter-parties probably be compensated some for it. Front-loaded compensation will offset the risk relative to having a 25 basis points with the Fed. But today, we've got net amount that we have on deposit with the Fed down to about $1.8 billion. It's about the level where we want to be, maybe in the $2 billion range, and we'll see if that movement is going to happen. I'm not sure what the odds are on that right now.
David J. Turner: Well, let me talk about kind of our capital plan and kind of stay away from the regulators. From a capital plan standpoint, we will continue to evaluate all capital actions. You asked specifically about returning capital to shareholders. The way we view that is we generated the capital and raised the capital, so we think our shareholders expect that we redeploy that in our business, to grow our business, to invest where we can get the best risk-adjusted return back to the shareholders. And so that's our first priority. To the extent that growth is not there, acquiring product lines, entities, those kinds of things would be what we would go to second. And then to the extent we have capital and expect to generate capital, returning it to the shareholders in the form of increased dividends and stock buybacks. That being said, we do acknowledge that our dividend payout ratio is below our peers to date. Now we just repaid TARP and so expectations were that we would put together a capital plan that would include an appropriate use of that capital, and we will submit that in January. The trust preferred, clearly the NPR, provides an opportunity for the regulatory call on the trust preferreds. And as we're trying to guide through our prepared comments on liquidity and capital strategies, that we would seek to do something, not only the trust preferred but other subordinated debt instruments as well.
David J. Turner: Well, we were trying to guide to, in particular within earning assets, the loan portfolio being stable from here on out. So we think we've had good growth, we've shown you, in C&I. The decline in the investor real estate portfolio slowed almost $500 million this quarter. And we see that continuing to attract some, but not as rapidly as we have had. But we'll be de-leveraging on the consumer side, and we aren't changing our resi mortgage strategy. So we think we can have stability there related to our earning assets, in particular, our construct of our loans.
David J. Turner: Yes. From a deposit side, we did have declines and our average deposits were flat, but they down due to the repricing. We think we can hold where we are with earning assets to be fairly, fairly stable from here on out.
David J. Turner: As we mentioned earlier, we continue to watch salaries and benefits expense. We did have our merit increases actually took effect at the beginning of the quarter. And that's probably the single biggest item. The other is pension expense continues to be higher as a result of this extraordinarily low interest rate environment. So we'll see those 2 things impact us. But we've continue to look at headcount and that's really, from a cost control standpoint, our primary lever.
Barbara Godin: Yes. If you look at the impact of our provision, really there's 3 factors: One is the reduction in our overall charge-offs that came down quarter-over-quarter; the second would be in the number of resolutions that we saw. And by that, I mean we had a number of payoffs. So substandard loans and even nonperforming loans, where the entire loan was paid-off, we were able to reduce or release the reserve on that, on those loans; and lastly, the mix shift, which is, as we're putting on much better quality loans, we need less reserve than those that we're taking off the back end. So all in, that led to just a $26 million provision. I would not call that a normalized provision level. Clearly, it's going to be somewhat above that. But again, it'll be in line with what happens with our charge-off.
Barbara Godin: Erika, it's Barb Godin. Relative to what we look at for a normalized loss rate, we would target somewhere around that 75 basis points of loss through a cycle, is what you can expect as we get down to that range. In terms of what our reserve would be, it's not going to be the same as what it was pre-crisis. I don't think that was horrible neither. And I think we're just going to have to hold our capital to somewhere between 150 and 200.
Barbara Godin: The only comment that I would add to that is, as we think about the third quarter and what we think might be a potential problem loan at this point. We would think somewhere in that $300 million to $400 million range in terms of migration to NPL.
Barbara Godin: Miami, as an example, seems to have rebounded clearly in terms of pricing. We're seeing increases in the Panhandle area in Florida and we're even seen increases now starting to happen in places like Ft. Myers. So clearly, we're seeing that the bottom has been hit, generally, across most of the markets in Florida, and is on the way up.
Barbara Godin: Well, it's going to move around a bit. As you can imagine we're going to try to keep the volatility as down as we can, as well as we can. But clearly, if you're going to have 75 basis points through a cycle, you're going to have some years that are below 75 and other years that are above 75. But I wouldn't want to give you a kind of a range right now.
Barbara Godin: Yes. We should continue to see those come down. If you look at the 90-day past due levels, while they were up in Business Services by $34 million this quarter, that was 1 account got cleared in the last couple of weeks just didn't make quarter end. Consumer was down, we anticipate that those levels will continue to move in the right direction. Our 30- to 59-day delinquency levels as well, relative down to the quarter. And again, depending on what happens in the economy, we're at a track to the economy. But those are my very early indicators of what I would expect to see in special mention, in classified and criticized.
Barbara Godin: Yes. I'd hate to point to a specific number, because we don't track it the way you're talking of the 11%. As if we're looking at my criticized loans and my criticized loans are not at that level, they're at 8.49% for criticized, which includes the classified loans. And that includes my special mention. So my 8.49% includes my special mention.
Barbara Godin: Right now, it's clearly, it's elevated. And yes, it would be somewhat reduced. I'd give you a range, probably a 5% to 7%.
