John Turner: Yes. Thanks Grayson. I just would add and reiterate, we are hearing a more positive outlook from our customers, but we are not seeing that translate into new opportunities yet. Pipelines are up a little. Line utilization is down about 90 basis points in the quarter. We are having meaningful conversations with customers, but none of that has yet resulted in their desire to increase business fixed investment, which ultimately is what we need to see growth.
John Turner: Betsy, this is John Turner. I would say we are very pleased with the investments we have made. Capital markets revenue was up 44% last year in 2016. We did see obviously some decline in the fourth quarter, but that business is going to be uneven. The M&A advisory fee income that we enjoyed was more front end loaded into the second and third quarter. And as we look forward to 2017, we face some headwinds in a few of our newer initiatives like the low income housing tax credit platform that we acquired, CMBS platform that we have established. The conditions in the market aren't great for those today, but we think they will ultimately work themselves out. We feel very good about the initiatives and the investments and expect to continue to grow capital markets revenue and treasury management revenue in 2017 at a pretty good pace.
John Turner: It will be and remember that if you look at our deposit growth, we grew deposits by over $1.2 billion in the corporate bank and that's really a reflection of our focus on relationships, building broader and deeper relationships with our customers and winning more treasury management business than we have in the past. And so I think you will continue to see that growth.
John Turner: Yes. I think if you look at rates, if the rate curve will hold you will start seeing even a better improvement as we get towards end of the year. We should start out having a pretty decent efficiency ratio contribution to that 62% that I talked to you about. But it gets even better at we get to the back end of the year.
John Turner: John, I think we have talked about, as an example, our focus on risk-adjusted returns in our shared national credit book and we have spent a lot of time there this year as a result of what we will refer to as recycling activity where we have exited some relationships and entered new ones. We have seen the level of credit only shared national credits come down by about 16%. The revenues that we are generating per relationship in those newer relationships go up by 35%. They generate over 100% more non-interest revenue and the risk-adjusted returns are 220 basis points greater than those relationships that we exited. In addition to that, I talked about deposit growth. We saw fee income growth in the business and the overall risk adjusted return on the corporate banking business here at Regions inclusive of all three businesses is up 160 basis points year-over-year. And at the same time, we think we have a better quality loan portfolio as we are de-risking the business and adding better risk and getting an appropriate return. We think that our commitment to profitable growth and appropriate returns is paying off and we will continue to see that in the coming quarters.
John Turner: This is John Turner again. I would say that we expect the run-off in energy to begin to moderate. We will certainly have some continued paydowns as some of the problem credits work themselves out. But there is good stability in that marketplace. We are seeing asset sales occur. We are seeing opportunities, though limited thus far, to potentially lend into the space. And we did actually make two new E&P loans in 2016, one toward the end of the year. So I think we will see runoff moderate. With respect to multi-family, remember we are trying to change our mix of business from being primarily construction oriented to a better mix of construction and term and we can't match the timing. And so what we are seeing is run-off in the construction book as our term lending initiative is getting some traction and so we have had more run off in that portfolio than we anticipated. At some point it will bottom out and begin to grow as the term loan initiative picks up. And again, we are projecting 2% to 4% loan growth in 2017. We think that will come in some measure from our specialized lending groups where we can lean into the expertise that we have in technology, defense and healthcare and power and utilities as an example. And also within our Regions business capital croup, where we think we have an awfully good level of expertise and opportunity to grow our business.
John Turner: Sure Grayson. Just to kind of level set, if you step back for a minute, we peaked about 10 years ago in 2007 with 2,127 branches. We are down 600 branches. We are down 28%, which is really more than anybody else in the industry. A couple of drivers there. You talked about proximity and things like that. That is a big part of it. The other part of it is, we have made a lot of investments in mobile and online banking and really driving those transactions out of the branches into what I will call service transaction. So check your balance, make a deposit, move money around, pay bills. So a lot of those things have been moved really out of the branches and moved to the mobile and online banking platform. The other comment I would make is, we have done a lot of work around, what we call, universal banker. And universal banker really has helped us from a productivity standpoint by allowing us to have staffing at reduced levels in our branches. I would tell you, for 2016 between our 130 branch consolidations and our universal banker strategy, we reduced about 800 positions just resulting from those two items. So it really is a balance. So we take a balanced approach around what we are doing in mobile and online, what we are doing with our DepositSmart ATM strategy, what we are doing with our virtual terminal strategy and also consolidations. I will tell you over the next, probably a year or two, you will see consolidations outpace any building. So our net branch count will go down from the 1,527 level today. We will probably be in that, I would say, 1,480 to 1,500 range. But again these branches are very important as part of our strategy.
Grayson Hall: Well, I think Matt, when you look at our franchise, the real competitive advantage we have is really as a deposit gathering franchise. That's where the real value of our bank is at. And if you look at our deposit portfolio, it's a very granular portfolio and about 50% of that portfolio is located in smaller community markets and if you look at our thoughts and our forecast, you see a very conservative beta forecast for interest rate increases. Candidly, the environment we are coming from right now, we have never seen before. So this is new coming from this interest rate environment to start to increase. We are optimistic that our deposit betas will provide an advantage for us and thus far, as you mentioned, our deposit costs has remained relatively low. I think we are up one basis point quarter-over-quarter. So we think we have done a very good job actually growing deposits in the face of that activity. David, you might ay want to add to that.
Grayson Hall: John, I mean I think, first of all, we are very pleased to get our CRA rating reinstated back to satisfactory. The team here worked very hard to accommodate that. And so it's indicative of way we do business and the way we try to help our customers and all the communities we operate in. So very encouraged by that turn of events. What does that mean for us? We are very focused on organic growth. We are very focused on optimizing our distribution channels. You saw in 2016 that we invested in all of our channels, our online banking, our mobile banking, our contact centers, our ATMs and our branches. We had a number of consolidations in 2016 and opened relatively few branches in 2016. You can see that, but at the same time, we invested a tremendous amount of technology into those branches and changed our delivery format in a number of those offices to be more efficient and more effective. You will see us continue to do that. We think that it's an important and critical part of our franchise value and we think all of our distribution channels are important. The branch still has an awful lot of relevance and it is still the predominant channel that customer choose to open new accounts with us. So our primary focus is organic growth. When it comes to acquisition opportunities, we are very sensitive to what's going on in the market. We have a team inside the bank. It spends an awful lot of time monitoring markets and what's going on there. We look for opportunities to invest through acquisition. You saw last year that that was predominantly done through non-bank bolt-on acquisitions which has been predominantly our interest. We look at whole bank deals quite candidly. Where valuations are at right now, I think some of the economics of that we find challenging, but there may be opportunities for that. We are watching but our primary focus is on growing organically. So we will watch and see where the market goes, but at this particular point in time, we saw most of our opportunities in growing organically, in growing in non-bank bolt-on acquisitions and we are monitoring whole bank acquisition opportunities. Right now that market seems to be improving, but I think it's early yet.
Grayson Hall: First of all, we recognize we are in a cyclical business and we have to be mindful of that as we establish our risk appetite across different lending segments and we spend an awful lot of time trying to adjust our risk appetite. It is based on where we think we are in the cycle of all of those different lending categories. We have signaled to you that we have throttled back on indirect auto. We throttled back to investor real estate construction. We have throttled back on multifamily, to a certain degree. But we are still in those businesses, still lending in those businesses and obviously the one business that we have been most cautious in is energy for apparent reasons. But we still are in all of these businesses. We are just being more thoughtful and more careful given where we are at in the cycle of that. But we also spend an awful lot of time on both business that we win and business that we lose. We compete in a lot of different markets against very large financial institutions and small community banks as well. And there is an awful lot of competition there and we are trying to be very thoughtful about what type of transactions we will do, what kind of risk adjusted return we can achieve in those and I think in this market, we are able to grow our business in asset classes that we think make a lot of sense. As David said, we believe for 2017, we will grow in the low single digits. But that is growing faster than that in sub-segments while constraining growth in some of the other segments. I think most of this discussion centers around some of our commercial lending activities. I will ask John Turner to make a few comments as well.
Grayson Hall: No. We thought we have done a really good job in our consumer bank. And if you look at growth metrics across accounts and account activity and the quality of the accounts we are placing on our books, we continue to be encouraged by the progress we are making. And as we do that, it really improve the number of revenue streams.
Grayson Hall: Yes. And what we have seen, when you look at the consumer base, we really have started really shift in the mix of fee income in our consumer book towards more around activity based, in particular on debit cards and credit cards and less reliance on overdraft activity. And as you look at our checking account features, we have introduced a number of new products that give customers more assurance, more safety. They transact the business in the correct way and so we feel real good about our offerings. We feel good about our growth and we think 2017, you will continue to see this sort of pace and momentum that we have really started generating in 2016.
Grayson Hall: But again, I would just reiterate that our primary desire is to be able to use the capital we generate to grow our business and serve our customers organically and as we use our team internally to put together our capital plan this year for approval by our Board. A lot of what we decide to do will be based on our outlook that we have for potential organic growth. And if we, depending on our outlook, it will drive really what we do to deploy capital otherwise.
Grayson Hall: The other point I would make, even though we have less branches, our account growth is up. We are growing our account base in checking accounts in that 1.7%, 2% range. Our Now Banking growth is up in that 30% to 40% range. Credit card growth is over 10%, 11% range. So we are seeing strong growth in spite of the fact that we have less physical stores. Our revenue per branch is up also.
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean it's hard to put a number around, right. But we are optimistic that as we look forward that there may be considerable upside to our forecast. What we are trying to do is to balance our emotions between what we know is going on today, what we know we can deliver and what we hope the future may hold for us. So there is awful lot of enthusiasm, a lot of people that are appearing to get more courage to invest, more courage to expand, but we still are trying to balance that in our markets. It's a great turn of emotions in our marketplace. We really are excited about what the potential upside might be. That being said, at the end of the day, from a forecast standpoint, we still have got to forecast what we know we can deliver. And so we are trying to balance that as I am sure you are. I am not use there is a solid answer to your question, but I do believe that there is a potential for considerable upside.
Grayson Hall: We think as you think about our business, the commercial and middle market, small business customer represents about 25 percent, give or take, of the bank's profitability and that customer has not been borrowing for years. And so if we began to see a little extra pickup in the economy, particularly amongst the middle market customers, by small business customers, I think there is lot of upside for our company. Absolutely.
Grayson Hall: But the capital planning process has made constructive progress every year and we look at how the process has changed from last year to this year and we think it's been very constructive. It gives us more certainty. It give us more confidence. And I think that we have really developed a very rigorous, very disciplined capital planning process inside our company and we have got a lot of confidence that we can do the appropriate things given the risk on our balance sheet. So we continue to build confidence around our ability to manage capital.
Grayson Hall: But if you look at 2016 and even prior to that, our strategy has been to remix our deposit portfolio to make it more granular, to make it less interest rate sensitive and most of our growth has come in low-cost deposits and we have also reduced our dependency on higher cost deposits and also our dependency on deposits that require collateralization. When you look at where we are at today, we have ran some limited exercises to try to better understand how much we would have to move rates to attract new deposits into the company and we think we have a pretty good handle on how customers are reacting in higher markets in a higher rate environment and continue to be hopeful that our deposit betas will outperform.
David Turner: Yes. It's a great question, Matt, because as Grayson mentioned, this is really our competitive advantage that we have been waiting to see come through in our income statement. As Grayson mentioned, the deposit make up that we have really resulted in last upcycle. We have one of the lower betas than any other peers. I think we are internally at about 54%, was our beta. Perhaps it will be higher because we are at historical lows and so we model a 60% beta as the terminal value. But we start sow in that 40% range and we think that's really going to be important. Deposit rates, we think the faster rates increase from the Fed, the more pressure there will be. But what's happened thus far, as we haven't had nor have many in the industry had to pass much through to deposit holders because we have had increases one-off. So we are looking forward to dealing with that. We have great liquidity and a great stable funding base that we think can create value for our shareholders in 2017 and beyond.
David Turner: Yes. So you saw our change in premium amortization early on. It was about a point difference on that in terms of margin. Clearly, the increase in rates was a big driver for us and that is not just the Fed move really LIBOR starting to move in advance of that as well as the tenure. So that's very helpful to us as our sensitivity continues to be on the longer end. Today the short end is probably 42% of our sensitivity and 58% in the middle to the back end. So as we think about increases for this next year, we are closer to where the market is right now, which was having a rate increase sometime in the summer and maybe one towards the back end of the year. We realized what Chair Yellen said the other day with regards to supporting the dot plots and perhaps there is an incremental increase baked into that. But we don't forecast that. If we get that, then that's better for us, but our guidance that we just laid out really shows that increase sometime in the summer and then towards back end of the fourth quarter.
David Turner: Yes. So we have a good story for non-interest income. Clearly, there's a lot of seasonality that hits that space. You can see that manifest throughout the industry. Same thing for us. In particular, we came off a lot of really strong third quarter in a number of areas, capital markets and wealth management. We believe those rebound and that's why we have our guidance for non-interest revenue growth of 3% to 5% next year. We went into this year with a 4% to 6% expectation. We ended up growing 7%. So we feel confident about our ability to grow in that 3% to 5% range. It will be a contribution from all those line items that you have seen in the past, as we continue to just grow customers and continue to build out certain of our new platforms like BlackArch Partners.
David Turner: Well, we have tried to give you the parallel shift of 100 basis points, it's about $160 million right now and then we are 42% on the short end of that. If you do some quick math, depending on beta assumption you want to use, you are talking about $15 million, maybe $20 million on an annual basis. And again deposit beta assumption makes a difference.
David Turner: Well, so we can get to the 60s. That's our commitment by the end of 2018, kind of on a run rate basis there. So you will see us continuing to chip away at it each and every quarter through 2018 so that by the time we get we are hitting the 60% and below target that we laid out. And then by the time we get there, we will reassess and give you our new target because over time we think we will be even south of that. But let's get to the below 60% first and we will reestablish that.
David Turner: Yes. I am not sure what you are looking at from a stress standpoint. Service charges continued to be fairly strong for us.
David Turner: Sorry. What's really strong, we have such a strong retail network, continuing to grow customers is important and you are seeing that manifest itself in service charges. We have also had increases in customers on the commercial side as well. So if you look at year-over-year, we are kind of flat, but we were overcoming obstacles last year on posting order and we expect service charge to continue to be robust in 2017.
David Turner: From my perspective, there is certain people that's what happens and these aren't all overdrafts, by the way. These are core service charges that are monthly maintenance fees and those things. So stronger economy, we don't think would do anything but help that. It is really the customer growth that we continue to have that we think is most impactful to that line item and the more robust economy where the outreach that we want to do to continue to expand the franchise and grow relationships, we think that could be a positive for us in 2017.
David Turner: Yes. It's a great question, Ken. Part of what we did this year is, we were looking at certain of our deposit products. We talked about the collateralized deposits that were in our wealth management group. Those weren't providing virtually any liquidity value for us and certain of those were more expensive. And so we decided that we would move those out of the bank. And so if you look at deposit balances, you really need to go through the supplemental page 22 and see what the make up is because we had good deposit growth in consumer and in business services over the corporate bank segment. As we think about next year, low single digit growth relative to loans and deposits. We think earning assets can grow in that 2% range. And we know that didn't happen this year, but we think that that can happen as we go through 2017.
David Turner: Yes. Those were really FHLB advances and what we are expecting our continued deposit growth to fund our activities on the left side of balance sheet.
David Turner: Yes. So we have talked about where things settle down a little bit on premium amortization being closer to that treasury yield of 275 and that we would settle on premium amortization. Premium amortization will settle in that mid $30 million range, but going on today, it is about to 250 in terms of the mortgage backed as corporates are about a point higher than that. And so we continue to see further benefit from rising rates on that portfolio primarily through the slowing down of premium amortization.
David Turner: Yes. This is David. From a NIM standpoint, we still will get the benefit of lower rates now for the full quarter, which we think will be meaningful and we will pick up a couple of points with lower premium amortization as well. But don't dismiss the impact of two less days in the quarter, which actually is accretive to the NIM and that will be two to three points in and of itself. So as you think about where we might be in the first quarter, we could be up in that low to 3.20%, in the low 3.20s then and continuing to improve, if the rate environment will hold, if it were to improve from there towards the fourth quarter.
David Turner: So we go through a very deliberate thoughtful process on capital deployment. You saw that this past year where we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders, which was more than our earnings at the end of the day. We will continue to -- it's important for us to get our capital optimized. One of our key metrics that we talk about is getting to that 12% to 14% return on tangible common equity in 2018 and to do that we have to have an optimal size of capital for the risk attendant in our balance sheet. And so, clearly, we have had a challenge of that capital base being strong as it is where loans were this past year. So we will be evaluating that in our submission and I think we learned a few things through other submissions this past year on others that had capital returns in excess of 100% of earnings. And I think that we will make a prudent decision. Again, our primary focus is to ensure, first and foremost, that we have the right amount of capital to run the company. And then that excess capital, we need to use that appropriately. Grayson talk about organic growth, the bolt-on acquisitions and when those don't use up the capital base, returning it to the shareholders is the right thing to do and we will continue to do that through our planning.
David Turner: This is David. I will add one thing for your last part of your question is that when we look at this from an economic standpoint, we consolidate a branch, we are going to lose some revenue. So the goal is to take out more cost than any revenue that you might lose. And for us, we target about a two year payback and when we consolidate these branches thus far, the wave that we have had, the 103 this year, once last year, been slightly less than the two year payback. So we feel very good about how they are paying for themselves. And it's a part of our expense initiatives as well.
David Turner: I think your point though, in terms of 2017, it's just probably, a lot of this has to manifest itself in 2017 for the effect to take in 2018 and 2019. So I think we have a lot to learn here over the coming months to see what the administration really does.
David Turner: Yes. It's a good question, Gerard. We use 9.5% common equity Tier 1 as kind of the range that we think we ought to have based on today's risk. We are obviously looking at different portfolios and we have de-risked a little bit. And as we do that, that number can go down. We also have added portfolios that have more risk to them that go the other way. But right now, we think 9.5% is probably a good target.
David Turner: Well, certainly the removal of the qualitative aspect of this CCAR is incrementally helpful, but it's not a free pass. The regulatory supervisor will still engage very closely with our capital planning and governance processes. It just happens at a different time of the year. It will most likely happen in the third and fourth quarters as we prepare for an April delivery each year. Now this year is a transition year. So we will take some time, but not having the qualitative aspects and being able to leverage the models that we have built that have been reviewed over a number of years, it's where we get our confidence. We need to run our bank with the idea of what capital we think and our Board thinks we need to have. We know we are regulated and we have to evaluate that too, but the regulators aren't looking for us to try to out-guess them. They are trying to get us to run our bank appropriately and that's why we feel confident about being able to get our capital down to that 9.5% common equity Tier 1 over time in a prudent manner. And so we are going to march in that direction, the pace of which is going to be determined through further analysis, but that is really important for us to get to that 9.5% as we set our goal on return on tangible common of 12% to 14%. What's embedded in that is getting our capital optimized and rightsized.
David Turner: Well, a couple of things on that. We have and we try to anticipate deposit behavior. A couple of things that are happening. One, we have a loan deposit ratio of 81%. So we are in pretty good position there from a liquidity standpoint in a relationship bank has mattered and will matter going forward. We also recognize the TLAC from the larger players that cause them to have a different liquidity profile than they otherwise would have had and therefore perhaps a competition regarding deposits, especially in a one low single digit, 2% to 3% loan growth mode that put as much pressure on deposits and deposit rates. The growing, making investments that we want to, John talked about the retail network strategy of getting in some of the major metros and being able to be in places where we can grow deposits is really important to us in 2017 and beyond.
David Turner: Gerard, I will add one other thing. If you look at our supplement, on page 22 you will see our deposits broken out by consumer and corporate wealth management. You will see our wealth management, year-over-year, was down $2.2 billion and that's a decision we made that we weren't getting the kind of liquidity that we wanted. If we needed to, we could change our tune on that and we might have to pay up a little bit for deposits, but we have multiple avenues of funding and our liquidity position, in particular related to our securities portfolio and other assets that we can post up as collateral for the FHLB is very strong, which I think will bode well for us not having to chase these deposits. We will be unduly restrictive on our consolidation efforts.
