David Turner: Sure. We believe that we are going to continue to have some benefit from premium amortization coming in a little lower. We were down about $5 million this quarter and expect that to continue to drift down until we get to that $30 million range where we think it stabilizes. As we think about NIM expectations and betas, we have baked in or beginning beta at about 40%, so there is a little upside opportunity. Our beta thus far has been less than 10% in both and vast majority of that was driven by the index deposits that we talked about, about 6% of interest-bearing deposit. So, if our beta comes in, a little better than we forecast, maybe we can outperform, we do have kind of baked in, so the remainder of the year about hike and half baked in for this year with that 40% beta in our guidance that we have just given you. So, if we get rate increases quicker, if we get a steepening in the yield curve, those would benefit us above the guidance that we have given you.
David Turner: We've had historically one of the lowest loan deposit ratios and it really speaks to our ability to attract low-cost deposit, our retail franchise, and the stickiness of our deposit base. What we have done is, we clearly want all the good low-cost deposits we can get. We would like to have a more robust demand for loan growth, but we're not going to force it, we’re going to take what the market is going to give us, and we have made some strategic choices in terms of where we want to grow loans and we have looked at different categories that I have mentioned and Grayson has mentioned to be very careful. So, we clearly have the funding to the extent that the economy fixes up in the second half of the year, which we hope and expect, but we have good core funding that can take advantage of those opportunities, and we think we will keep our deposit beta down partly because of loan deposit ratio, partly because of our [indiscernible] deposit make up in the less sensitivity of our deposit franchise to price increases, which is why we think we can have expanding margin continuing.
David Turner: Yes, thanks Peter. So from an NIR standpoint, we have made a lot of investments over the years. Last year, a lot of those were coming to fruition from the investments we made the year before, so the growth rate was necessarily going to be higher last year and even our guidance in the beginning of the year was lower because of that phenomenon. Clearly, some of the businesses that we’ve gotten into have more volatility than other streams and we are okay with that because we are seeking the diversification, that’s important to us and we are also seeking to have those products and services that fulfill the need of a customer. In this particular quarter, our capital markets showed a little bit of volatility to the downside, in particular on our M&A advisory service, which we believe will grow from here, it just takes time, the pipeline to get emptied out. It takes time to rebuild those. So, we feel comfortable with that. I would say in the fixed income space, March was a much better month than January and February was. There was more activity there and so we expect that to continue to grow.  We are really proud of our folks in mortgage, obviously the first quarter is seasonally low, but done a great job because of being a purchase shop there, and a strength of roughly $8 billion of mortgage servicing we bought last year coming through. They just do a great job in low-cost servicing and we're proud of that growth. So that checking account growth and customer growth have really helped us to bolster NIR. So, we did revise guidance down, but feel very good about where we are and we think it will pick up. We guided that this was the low watermark for the year.
David Turner: Clearly, if you stayed here or kept going lower, you would ultimately have some pressure in terms of prepayments coming in and premium amortization not declining at the pace that I’ve mentioned. We think we are well-positioned, we have about 40% of our sensitivity on the backhand. We believe we are well positioned in particular as the Fed's balance sheet comes under scrutiny towards the end of the year, and we just think there is going to be ultimately upward pressure, but we still think our guidance is, we had enough confidence to give an increase in the guidance that we just shared with you.
David Turner: Marty, this is a great question. I will start with capital and come back to liquidity. From a capital standpoint, we clearly have given the Street, our guidance that we believe our common equity Tier 1 ratio target of 9.5% is right for us based on the risk in our balance sheet today. We know to get it to 9.5%, you have to get it deployed appropriately. We seek to do that through organic loan growth properly priced with the proper returns on it. We then deploy that capital into bolt-on acquisitions and you have seen a number of acquisitions over the years, including the mortgage servicing right deal that we did last year, a series of deals and the one we are going to close at the end of this month. And we also want to have an appropriate dividend to pay to our shareholders. And then outside of that to the extent we continue to [indiscernible] capital we are going to work our capital ratios down returning it to our shareholders. Last year we returned to 105% of our earnings to our shareholders. We can't tell you what our CCAR request is this year, but given what I just said, one would expect a fairly robust return to our shareholders this year and that over time is important to us to get towards to that 9.5% because we still are expecting to have a return on tangible common in 2018 between 12% and 14%. In order to do that, we have to get the denominator down to that approaching 9.5%. So that’s capital. From a loan and deposit standpoint, we would like to have a loan deposit ratio perhaps in that low [indiscernible] range will be a sweet spot. And we're working hard to grow loans, but we are going to force it as I mentioned earlier. We are going to grow loans, when we have the opportunity to do that and calling efforts are ongoing and also on the deposit side we’ve looked at certain deposits that either were punitive and LCR or they weren’t providing liquidity such as collateralized deposit where we might not have had a full relationship and we are letting those deposits go. So that’s why if you just look at the deposit growth you would see it declining in part. Those are strategic choices that we are making to [indiscernible] those deposits that really don't benefit provide much benefit to us.
David Turner: Well they are Marty, again, we know it is harder today in a competitive environment to grow the kind of loans that we want to grow, but this is when it requires discipline and we're going to say disciplined regards to capital allocation to organic growth. And as I mentioned, some of the choices we have made outside of those, we actually are growing. So we are seeing opportunities to put the capital to work and frankly, we don't have the qualitative aspects of CCAR and we don't have much capital we need to have to run our business, so we do have an avenue to deal with that access common equity more specifically in returning it to shareholders that we didn't have before. So, in time we can get the capital base to the right level.
David Turner: Ryan, it’s a great question. So, we can approach that 9.5%. We can't quite get to 9.5% by 2018, right after that, shortly after that we can, but we will approach it close enough to help us get to that 12% to 14% return and we will do that through primarily focusing on those two things. Organic growth and some bolt-on acquisitions that have been fairly small today. And capital returns to the shareholders.
David Turner: Yes, I think that we have built into our kind of inflation run rate on expenses in the 2.5% range and so if you take that, if you take the investments we will want to make, need to make and have made relative to diversifying our revenue stream we have to overcome that by having other expense eliminations elsewhere. And so we put our $400 million program together and I think we have done a really good job in there. Our efficiency ratio target is intact of 62% this year, and 18 we will be in that 60% range, and so I don't think that when you deliver to 2% GDP type environment that you can take your eye off the expense ball whatsoever. And we didn't change, kind of went through all the changes and guidance, you also know the things that didn't change, which was our commitment to generating parts of operating leverage in that 2% to 4%. So, everything is in check, but we can always continue to work even harder on expense management and we will, each and every day we work hard on.
David Turner: Yes, it is a great question John. So, what we have said is that we would get to that 60% range in 2018. I do think over time if you can get normalized rates whatever that might mean to everybody that were you having a margin in that 350 range that perhaps you can be in that mid upper 50s over time, I think our industry is going to have to become more efficient, I think we will, I think we will leverage technology better in the future than we do today, but it is going to take some time to get there and so you should see us continue to march down. Let’s get to 60 and then we will give you better guidance as to where that might end up post that.
David Turner: We have baked in 1.5 this year and the 2 the year after that through 2018. That’s what our number is.
David Turner: So, we said we could approach 9.5% by the end of 2018 through organic growth and capital return to shareholders and some bolt-on acquisitions, not large ones, but some bolt-on non-bank type acquisitions during that same period of time.
David Turner: Right now we have been for the last several quarters, primarily focused on organic growth and augmenting that with a limited number of, what we would call bolt-on acquisitions. Those acquisitions have largely been in the capital markets group, also and well planned, in particular insurance, and also in our mortgage business. You should expect us to continue to look for those opportunities to make investments, these are not large investments, but they are investments that are accretive to our earnings, and we think they have been good in terms of expanding our product line, leveraging our strengths to serve our customers. And so you just continue to see that occurred. And when it comes to bank acquisitions, we still actively look at opportunities and review those. Quite frankly the economics around those today are particularly challenging given where regional bank stocks trade in relationship to the smaller institutions and sellers if you would. The economics that the market is giving us, they are not particularly compelling, so we have not spent an awful lot of time looking it there. I think at any acquisition we do, it has to be both strategic and economic, and at this point in time we have not seen that as a particularly productive thing for us to be heavily focused on. That being said, we make sure that we are mindful on what’s going on in the market. Right now, our focus is on organic growth and on limited bolt-on acquisitions.
David Turner: If the relative multiples were to come closer together than the attractiveness of that as an acquisition strategy improves. [Indiscernible].
David Turner: So, we have got more - limited more branches post crisis than any other bank. We continue to do that like any retail franchise you should expect to have some consolidations and some new investments as we have new branch designs that are going in. We haven't had a lot of new branches go in off late, but we need to bolster our retail network presence in some places and so you should expect us to do both, consolidate, as well as to add, you know, after we get finished with this series we will come back with better guidance, but we don't see any large branch consolidations at this particular time, but continue to challenge ourselves in terms of what the retail network franchise needs to look like.
David Turner: It’s not all that meaningful in the near term, I think we can, we have given you, we feel pretty confident in that range, clear for the next quarter.
David Turner: No, we haven't done anything really to go out there and try to spur growth using rates, being historically a purchase shop using our own mortgage loan originators versus third parties had been one of the reasons why we have outperformed historically. If you look at our change in yields on raising mortgage, we were down 1 basis point over the quarter, so we think we can have an appropriate growth. This first quarter production was nice. Clearly gets challenged as rates go up, I think being a purchase shop is really beneficial to us.
David Turner: Yes, that is a constant challenge for us. We think that when the market gives as our kind of returns that we want to have in our business that we would take that sensitivity down. We are not there today. We need to be and continue to be asset sensitive is important to us. So we went up 100s and still in that $150 million range. So we have done some things to protect us on a down rate perspective. We had taken some of the sensitivity off a few quarters ago, by booking some - receive fixed swaps. I think we are in pretty good shape today to let our sensitivity run. In part, it is really the benefit we get from our deposit base. That is so critical to us to keep that in mind as we think about our ability to continue to grow NII and resulting margin is that core sticky customer deposit base is not as price sensitive as others. And I think right now given what we think rate increases were going, there will come a point in time we have to start paying up for deposits. We get delivered, the kind of spread and margin we want and gets our return to where we need to be, and we can take our sensitivity to more of a neutral state at that time.
David Turner: Matt it is a great question. I do think that’s a challenge for us. Any time we make an acquisition and purchase something to understand what that alternative return is, I will tell you we are ahead of the game on most of our acquisitions that we have had over time. And I think that we do realize there is some volatility. So in the given quarter you can’t look at one of these transactions and give up on it. We continue to challenge ourselves, we know some of these aren’t as efficient and some of the businesses that we have, but they are synergistic. They offer a service or product to our customers and our customers need and will pay for.  So you have to look at the whole relationship profitability and not just cherry pick one product at a time. That being said, we have expectations on capital returns for our businesses and if those businesses can't get the returns that we need to have, the product or the business is not synergistic to our customer base, then we will make different decisions, but right now we feel very good about what we’ve added over time and frankly we are looking for other opportunities to continue to grow.
David Turner: Well the reason we are doing, the mortgage servicing rights acquisition are for couple of reasons. The primary one is, we're very good at it. We have a group folks that work in South Mississippi that are very talented. They have been doing this for a long time. We didn't get into trouble like others did during the crisis because of their expertise. We also have capacity. We could add about right at $10 billion of servicing in round numbers without changing our fixed cost infrastructure. And so we want to take advantage of that and continue to grow that portfolio. So being a low cost servicer I think is beneficial to us, and one area that we do have the opportunity to grow and get deals presented to us, periodically, some we turn down and some we take. So, I wouldn't put any particular category that we would want to grow in NII, if I had to point one card in ATM fees, card fees in particular through interchange, our credit card growth has been very nice, up about 10% last year. And that is a good product, one of our best products in terms of return because it gives us interchange, it gives us carry, it gives us a hook into our customers, very synergistic with our business model. And so we would like to have more cards and so getting our penetration rate up from 18.6%, that’s the penetration into our deposit base. Hitting that up in the mid-20% range is really important to us and teams got that focus and I expect to get there in time.
David Turner: Your guess is as good as mine. I can’t really comment on what others are going to do. I see what others have written about our peers, but I can tell you from our standpoint what is incumbent upon all of us to ensure we have an appropriate amount of cap for the risk that we have and I think most people have more common equity than they need at this point. The question is how do each of us plan to deploy, we have our plan as we just discuss. So, I think for us it is a robust, should be a robust return and we will discuss that at our next call.
Grayson Hall: Well we’ve had very stable loan deposits even though behind the scenes we’ve really been changing the composition of our deposit base quite materially. Every quarter, the composition of our deposit base has gotten more favorable. And to David's point, we’ve made a lot of tactical and several strategic decisions about how we build that composition of deposits, and so I think it puts us in a very unique position as we go forward. To David's point, we don't have the loan demand we would love to have today that does take an awful lot of pressure off of deposit pricing, so we could be more thoughtful and disciplined in that regard, but really the composition of our deposit base is probably the most compelling argument for how we will perform.
Grayson Hall: Marty, this is Grayson. I mean to David's point, we have got to take the market for what it is and take advantage where opportunities present themselves, but the operating environment has got some challenges, this has also got tremendous upside if some things go the way we owe. That being said, we’ve been very rigorous and very disciplined about how we are managing our balance sheet. We think we have made tremendous progress on both loans and deposits in terms of how we have built our balance sheet over the last several quarters. We are trying to take advantage of what the market will give us, but not to force it, and we do think that in this sort of slow growth low rate environment that we have to be thoughtful about it. That being said, we are seeing a lot of optimism on the part of our business customers, it’s encouraging, but it has not yet resulted in the kind of demand for bank credit that we would like to see. That being said, tremendous amount of liquidity in the market and we have seen a lot of our customers access public debt markets, and so we do think over time that bank credit demand become stronger. I will ask John Turner to speak to that for just a moment to give you a better perspective of what we are seeing in customers and markets.
Grayson Hall: I mean, great question. And I would tell you that as we look at the first quarter, first quarter loan demand was softer and we had anticipated it would be couple of quarters ago and so we’ve had to adjust our thinking to a little bit slower loan growth environment. We’ve never really tempered our focus on expense management. We’ve stayed dedicated to that throughout this process and continue to do so. We took a very aggressive stands on expenses and have delivered on that. You should expect to continue to see our results on that issue. From a sustainability standpoint, we do have to find where we used to grow long term, but until those opportunities come about then we have to continue to stay focused on being as efficient as possible from an expense standpoint and so you should not see us back down from that at all.
Grayson Hall: First quarter is seasonally a soft quarter for us on mortgage originations, but the team did a very good job and rarely outperformed same quarter last year and so we’ve got fairly strong confidence going into the second quarter on production. About a third of our mortgage originations come from referrals out of our own branches and so to David's point the mortgage originators were all on our team and they are working closely with our branch offices, the strong referral process across the two. We had about 70% purchased 30% refinance in the first quarter. We see those numbers shifting even stronger and the early days of the second quarter, so we think repurchase is going to be very strong in the second quarter.
Grayson Hall: Well I just remind everyone we have been very aggressive on branch rationalization, branch consolidation and at the same time we have been able to accomplish that and still grow accounts, grow households, deliver and get recognized for very good customers, and all of that fosters some real good fundamental execution, own our plans and at the end of the day most of the growth on our balance sheet and on our income statement is going to come from really increasing in number of customers that we have banking with us and making sure we are meeting as many of their needs that they value is possible. And so we’ve really done a good job even in the face of brand consolidation we have done a good job of growing our business across all of our consumer account segments.
Grayson Hall: I mean, I think one, when we looked at the second half of the year, we are encouraged by the optimism, but we are not trying to factor that and too much into our forecast and our plans, but when we look at how the first quarter has performed economically across communities we operate in, we think first quarter was somewhat soft and so we do think and believe that the economic metrics we are following and the sentiment of our customers all sort of point to a stronger second half of the year.  Now we are not fully counting all of that. We are trying to make sure that we are taking a very disciplined and thoughtful approach to it, but all of our metrics indications would tend to favor more upside in the second half. 
Grayson Hall: Well thank you for your participation. We appreciate the opportunity to tell the Regions story and we will stand adjourned. Thank you.
John Turner: Thanks Grayson. As we talked about before, our customers are clearly more optimistic, I would say not confident, they are cautious. We are seeing a little improvement in our pipeline, I would say our pipelines are growing a bit. They are okay relative to where we would like them to be. When we look back on and we talk about choices we’ve made and the impact that that has had on us, our objective is to create a more predictable, more sustainable, more consistent revenue base and performance, and we’ve been very focused on de-risking on risk-adjusted returns. So if I look at our lost business or the opportunities that we had to grow, in 2016 we looked at over $44 billion in credit, we've won about $14 billion or roughly a third that means that of the $28 billion that we didn't win over half of that was because we were not satisfied with the pricing or some other structural element. That same momentum or same sort of paradigm has continued into 2017. We have looked at over $10 billion in credit through the first quarter, we have won a little over a third and as a business we didn't win again about 55% of that was a result of pricing or returns or some other structural element. Point being, we could change our risk appetite and grow loans, but we are very committed to creating a culture that is focused on risk adjustment returns and that we will create more predictability, more consistency, and I think that’s going to pay off in the long run.
John Turner: Grayson I just might add to that. Jennifer this is John Turner. Of the 2.6 billion exposure, roughly $1.5 billion in outstandings I should say, is in our REIT portfolio where we largely are doing business with a small number of investment grade names. The balance or just about $1 billion is in our income property finance group and that outstanding level has been fairly consistent now for four five quarters. That exposure is fairly widely distributed. The largest, I guess tenant would be grocery anchored and most of it is basic needs kind of anchors. And so while we have a little mall exposure in the REIT book and less in income property finance, let’s say generally it is a very diversified portfolio and one we feel pretty good about. On the commercial side, and we also have a nice size retail book that portfolio again is very diverse, our largest asset class is to automotive retailers. So think of companies like [indiscernible] something like that, and largely administered through our asset based lending or Regions business capital platform.
John Turner: Gerard this is John Turner. I would just maybe Barb can help me too, but I would say we are seeing more competitive pricing, we are seeing longer tender, we are seeing higher loan to values with respect to real estate, particularly the owner occupied real estate sector. We are seeing appetite for more leverage than we might be willing to accept. Less guarantee, sometimes no guarantee, where we think a guarantee is appropriate, all those would be factors that are impacting a loan growth in our view. I don’t know that it has changed a lot, although I would say since 2015. So over the last five quarters we think there has been less activity and so more competition for the opportunities we see and I would guess that it has - competition has impacted the marketplace for sure.
John Turner: I mean I think it depends on the opportunity and the market, the customer, and how that customer proceeds in a marketplace, it varies, but I would say a competition is competition and we see it from time to time from everybody and somebody would probably say the same thing about us at some level. We certainly want to protect relationships that we have, finding it more difficult to win new business in our existing markets.
Barbara Godin: Good morning, Jennifer. Thank you, Grayson. Yes, we currently have roughly $2.6 billion in our commercial real estate retail. Another comment though, just general comment on the retail sector is what we're seeing is in retail where they have very good shopping centers, very well placed, there is hardly any vacancy rate and then in others there is just a kind of vacancy rates where you are not appropriately placed, but we're working that sector very closely, we still feel okay about that sector, the bankruptcies that we have heard about and the issues we have heard about in that area. We have an applied market research group that actually spends a ton of their time looking at retail and retail shopping centers. Those bankruptcies were not unexpected. In general, we weren't involved in any of those. And again, a lot of those chains that closed were because they were poorly placed.
Barbara Godin: We are watching it again. We have concentration limits on everything. It is nowhere near its concentration limit on these two pieces, so we feel fine of that.
Barbara Godin: Yes, this is Barbara again. One of them was in healthcare, one was in oilfield services in the energy sector and the third was an educational services, but you will see it show up in our commercial real estate owner occupied because it was secured by the real estate and those three made up to $39 million.
Barbara Godin: And again having said that, I would just stay on credit in general though I would want to reemphasize we are very comfortable where we are in our credit numbers, our credit metrics, where credit is going, even those three large credit charge-offs that we had, generally not unexpected, generally they were provided for, it was simply a matter of timing as the resolve themselves in the first quarter and we want to hit and charge them on.
Barbara Godin: No, I don't feel that there is a risk there. Again, I feel fine about it. I think about our non-performing loan portfolio. In total, including our small credits all the way up to our large ones in the business services book. We have 73% of them are paying current and as agreed and 98% of those that are in our CNI and CRE owner occupied area are also paying current and as agreed. So, again I hate to position it as a good quality non-performing book, but we do see a lot of upside opportunities that those can and will return to accruing basis at some point.
Barbara Godin: Well we're back to our [indiscernible] of, we don't predict what the results are going to be, what we do is we have a very disciplined process, 135 is on the higher end, so there could be some room for improvement, but I wouldn’t want to enter a guess as to what that might be.
Barbara Godin: Gerard the only other one I would throw in, a lot of pressure around coming in late structures throughout in the market right now.
Barbara Godin: Really is in a trend again as I look at what has gone into our issues about non-accrual, this quarter we had credit in transportation warehousing, we had a couple in energy, we had a couple in healthcare, we had one in AG, so no real trends that we are seeing and when I look at each one and read the stories on each one, again there is nothing that’s underlying that connects any of them, they were individual circumstances, you know, when one takes, when somebody died we're waiting for the stage to settle as an example. Those kinds are same. So across the board in general for all of the other sectors doing pretty well, remember we thought energy, but what we don't give a lot of detail of it because it is spread everywhere else is those industries that also support energy. So, one of the transportation of warehousing credits I'm looking at that when in this quarter is to support the energy sector as an example. And I can point to a couple of others that have tangential relationships to the energy sector as well. But broad-based again feel good about where our credit numbers are, feel good that we will add up between that 35 to 50 basis points this year. And on the one credit charge of that we take there was one this quarter that was a larger one, but actually the charge of happened on a Saturday, it was April 1, the quarter that ended and we knew the right thing that the right thing to do was to take this quarter instead of moving it into the second quarter and that was a $22 million charge. Again causing us to show more elevated charge-offs and perhaps the other ways [indiscernible] to the quarter, but again it was the right thing to do.
Barbara Godin: If you excluded the energy it would be again somewhere between, I'm still going to see 35 to 45 port probably recognizing that our business mix has changed, you know as we recall we talk about some businesses we are doing in our cost consumer book that we weren't doing previously. They were all great businesses they are doing well. If you look at what they are providing us from a revenue perspective they are hitting on their mark, but again they are going to provide some higher losses that are going to come into that 35 to 50 basis point range, but they otherwise didn't in prior periods.
