John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $524 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.55. Despite the challenging geopolitical backdrop and elevated inflation, we remain optimistic about 2022. We have a strong balance sheet, positioned to withstand an array of economic conditions. Business customers, for the most part, have adapted and are prospering in the new operating environment. New loan commitments and pipelines remain strong and utilization rates continue to increase. The consumer remains healthy. Net population migration inflows in our markets remain robust, and the majority of our footprint has returned to equal or better than pre-pandemic employment levels. Asset quality remains strong with virtually all credit-related metrics improving in the quarter, and net charge-offs remain below historical levels. The integration of Sabal, EnerBank and Clearsight are progressing as planned, and we're excited about their growing contributions. Additionally, we continue to make investments in talent and technology to support strategic growth initiatives. We kicked off 2022 with a strong start and expect to continue building on that momentum. We have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. Now, Dave will provide you with some select highlights regarding the quarter.
John Turner: Yes, Matt, this is John. I would just say, so far, not a lot of change. Generally speaking, our customer base, as we look at deposit balances and the impact of COVID and relief dollars on customer deposit balances, we saw, on average, even in the lowest balance segment, about a 30% increase in -- 30% to 40% increase in pre-pandemic deposit balances, and we are still seeing customers maintain that level of excess liquidity as evidenced by the fact that our deposit balances actually grew quarter-over-quarter. We do are aware of the impact of inflation or the likely impact of inflation on our customer base. It is a more mass market customer base, as we've talked about before, 60% of our consumer deposit customers are in the mass market. So there will be some impact, and we're certainly watching for that, but we haven't seen it yet.
John Turner: Yes. No, I think it's broad-based, and we continue to see improvement in credit quality across the book, a reduction in criticized loans, classified loans and nonperforming assets. And I think it reflects the work that our teams have continued to do working with our customers closely to evaluate the risk in our portfolios to exit certain relationships, portfolios and businesses where we feel like that we are -- see increased amounts of risk, we're not getting an appropriate return. If I had to point to any business where our businesses, portfolios where we saw improvement it would be restaurant as we continue to work out of that portfolio and hotel as the economy recovers through the pandemic.
John Turner: John, this is John Turner. Our growth in the last quarter, and frankly, over the last, I guess, 2 or 3 quarters has been broad-based across all 3 segments. So we're experiencing growth in our corporate banking business, our middle market commercial business and our real estate business. We're seeing customers access lines of credit and increasing rates to both rebuild inventories and to adjust to increasing costs associated with inventory. So obviously, increases in line utilization or both inventory and cost driven. We're also seeing some CapEx, which I'm excited about across a number of different industries. Customers are investing in expansion activities. Some of it is for modernization and recognition of a much tighter labor market. In Alabama, unemployment is 2.9%; in Georgia, it's 3.1%; Florida and Tennessee, it’s 3.2%. So we're at full employment across some very good markets. As a result, customers are looking for ways to modernize and to continue to borrow. Growth in the portfolio. It's come in healthcare. It's come in transportation. It's come in our technology and defense sectors and asset-based lending. In the real estate business, we've seen some growth in homebuilder as markets are, again, continuing to expand as a result of consistent in migration of people, also seeing some growth in our real estate investment trust business, which has been an important portfolio for us in a really highly performing portfolio. We are optimistic about our ability to continue to grow through the balance of the year, and we expect that growth to be fairly broad-based.
John Turner: Thank you very much. I think that's all the questions we had. So thank you all for your time today. Thanks for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
David Turner: Sure. So we were -- we had expected the $5 billion to $10 billion of deposits to start flowing out in the first quarter. We have maintained some pretty conservative deposit assumptions. But if you look at the growth and where it came from, it was in our consumer book. We continue to grow accounts and continue to be -- have a high level of primacy with our retail customers and so our deposit base is our competitive advantage, and it's been that way for a long time, and we're looking to leverage that as we get into this higher rate environment. As you think about the surge deposits, we have 1/3 of those that we think are going to be fairly similar to our legacy deposits in terms of beta, price insensitive then we have the other 1/3 on the other end, we think are much higher beta, 80% to 100% beta. Those are corporate deposits that are -- you could characterize those as non-operational deposits that are probably going to look for a better home or a higher rate as time goes by. We'll see what happens after this next rate increase, but we've expected that to either reprice or really flow out of the bank. And then you have in the middle, which is another 1/3 deposits that are stimulus-receiving deposits, small-business-type deposits. That one is a little harder to predict. We do have a higher beta on it, not as high as the second group. But any event, if we're wrong on the $5 billion to $10 billion, it's likely that we've maintained our deposits at a higher level. And over time, if we see that, then that gives us a little bit of comfort to be able to take some of our excess cash that we have, some $26 billion sitting on the balance sheet to deploy that into the securities book. But our guidance that we're giving you does not have that deployed intentionally.
David Turner: Well, kind of leveraging the comments just before, the way we structured the balance sheet, our NII will be growing nicely in the -- throughout the year but are really strong in the fourth quarter, which sets up a really strong 2023. We're still asset sensitive through that time period. And so we should have a nice tailwind in terms of revenue growth. We pride ourselves on being able to control our cost. We did a good job this quarter. There is that HR valuation asset that benefited us by $14 million. So you need to add that back to kind of get us level set.  But in any event, we continue to leverage our continuous improvement program to stay focused on how we get better every day and how we could leverage technology and process improvements so that we can keep our costs down because we are taking our savings and reinvesting those savings in things like digital, talent, continuing to hire people so that we can grow. We had mentioned that the vast majority of our growth in expenses this year are related to the 3 acquisitions that we closed in the fourth quarter of '21. So we've had a little bit of inflation we've had to deal with. And so we're continuing to work at all levels to try and keep our costs under control and generate positive operating leverage, which we believe we will have in 2022. We didn't have it this quarter, but we will when you get to -- when you look at the whole year and expect to have that going forward in '23.
David Turner: Well, it really gets back to the deposit expectations. So we've maintained this excess cash to be prepared to the extent the surge deposits do seek other alternatives, and we have to pay that out. Obviously, we're getting 100% beta on the cash while we wait, but being patient has benefited us. Putting that into the securities book earlier would have really cost us. And we did put a little bit of that to work this quarter. $1.5 billion of that at about 2.80% carry. If we were to do it today, it would be even higher. And so in the 3.5% range. So I think it's important for us to understand what the surge deposit flows are going to do relative to what the Fed rate movements are going to be. And I think over a fairly short period of time, our cash will get down to our normalized level, which is $1 billion to $2 billion. And then we won't have to have this disclosure. And of course, PPP will run off for the most part after this year, we won't have to talk about that one either.
David Turner: So you've hit on 2 of them, 4 core accounting standards relative to what we're doing. But any event, we have to file a gap. So OCI does not -- the change in OCI relative to securities gains doesn't affect our thinking whatsoever. We manage the company based on regulatory -- our capital based on the regulatory rules in 4 category 4 banks like Regions and most of our peers. That's excluded from the regulatory calculation. Importantly, it's also excluded from the rating agencies. So they carve out the change in OCI relative to securities, not pension or other things, but securities they carve out. And what's frustrating about it is that nobody talks about measuring the fair value of our deposit base, which is where the cash came from to go by the securities. And so we're marking one element of a balance sheet through capital and that's just not how we manage the company. And so it's really irrelevant. It's done because it's easy to do. We can go get a quote. But the fair value of the deposits, in particular for Regions because of the primacy, because of the granularity, the fair value of our deposits are shooting through the roof. You just don't see that manifest itself on the balance sheet. You will see it manifest itself in growing NII and net interest margin. This is the time period we've been waiting for rates to rise. So the fact that OCI is working against tangible book value, we could care less.
David Turner: Yes. Yes. Don't duplicate that. The $5 billion to $10 billion is baked into the $70 billion. So if we're wrong, our beta will be lower thus far, as I mentioned on Ryan's question, we thought deposits, these particular $5 billion to $10 billion worth of deposits would start flowing out in the first quarter, they did not. We still think that's going to happen. Perhaps it's just delayed a little bit, waiting for the next move, which we believe is going to be 50 basis points, by the way, in May. And we think those with are largely corporate non-operational deposits are going to seek a higher return than we're willing to pay. And they're probably going to move off the balance sheet in that case. So this really doesn't -- this is not going to be a big deal to us. We've been planning for it all along.
David Turner: Yes. So you have to take the pieces and look at it. So there's not an appreciable change there. We've got 2 things working. One, we ought to have pretty good loan growth, as we mentioned, ex PPP and runoff portfolios, that's 9% to 10% growth in the loan balances. But then we've got the $5 billion to $10 billion of deposits going the other way, and so the cash will come down. So it's not as much of an earning asset change as it mix and what to carry what the yield is on the net assets that we -- the earning assets that we do have. And so we should see our margin continuing to increase. We're trying to give you the guide by telling you that by the time we get to the fourth quarter, our NII is 15% higher than where we are today kind of cutting to the chase because there's a lot of moving parts there.
David Turner: No. We're very bullish on EnerBank. We're excited about the fact that we closed that in the fourth quarter. If you look at our growth of EnerBank, this quarter it was 2%. Obviously, if you annualize that it's 8%, which is below the guide that we gave you and the big driver there is seasonality. So it's the -- this first quarter is a low watermark for them. You'll see that pick up. This is a prime book. We're really excited about the carry that we can get there and the margin. We are ahead of schedule on where we thought we would be. And so, Peter, absolutely not. We are looking to that to be a good component of our growth. And again, we feel good about the credit quality, in particular, being paid for the risk that we're taking and a nice return for our shareholders on the capital deployed in that book.
David Turner: Sure. So let's go back through how we think about capital deployment. First and foremost, our capital is there for organic growth, it is to support our business. As I mentioned, ex PPP and runoff, we got loans growing 9% to 10%. That's where we want our capital to go first and foremost. The second is we want to make sure we pay an appropriate dividend to our shareholders. Our guide is 35% to 45% of earnings in the form of a dividend. So as earnings grow so will the dividend. We then think about nonbank acquisitions and the 3 we closed in the fourth quarter are great examples. We have a whole team continuing to look and work with our 3 business segment leaders on how we can provide products and services that we don't have to our customers. So we'll continue to do that. And then we use share repurchases as the mechanism to maintain capital at the optimum level and that optimum level is informed by things like CCAR and how we think about risk in our book. Of course, we just filed our CCAR submission in April. We'll hear back end of June on that. And yes, we did ask the Board and received approval for a $2.5 billion share repurchase program over the next couple of years. The control factor there, Peter, is CET1 that needs to be in the range of 9.25% to 9.75%. That's what our risk profile tells us we need to have CET1 in that range. We're targeting the middle of it at 9.5%. And so we won't buy shares back if it takes us outside of our operating range even if the price were right, which is where you're going opportunistically. I think that's just to help us manage our capital at the optimum level because that informs the denominator of our return on capital calculation, which we think is critically important to our shareholders.
David Turner: Peter, we'll get that to you. You're talking about the impact to NII, right? Interest recovery in NII.
David Turner: Yes. So our service charges were a little better than anticipated. I will say that we put in some changes at the end of the first quarter, you'll see more change coming in the second and third. So it's too early to change our guidance that we gave you last quarter. We reiterated it this quarter, which was $600 million for service charges in '22 and $575 million in the next year. As we go through and see what the impact is for these changes, we'll update that, whichever way it might go. And we'll probably have a better feel for the year 2022 next earnings call. But right now, it's probably too early to change.
David Turner: Well, I think that we lowered our range 20 basis points to 30 basis points. As we think about risk going forward, there's certainly the consumer -- on the consumer side of the house, there's been a lot of stimulus money. I think we feel pretty good about the consumer, but that's an area we need to watch closely to see what that starts to move first. The second piece of that would be small business. I think small business is an area that probably has, on a relative basis, incremental risk. The issue is we're just not seeing any of that right now. John had mentioned all of our asset quality indicators are getting better. We believe our normalized loss rate is likely to be lower than our history because of our derisking that we just mentioned in our whole credit book. So we feel pretty good about that. I think the leverage book, we want to watch closely as well as we see rates increasing and what kind of pressure might that put on the leverage portfolios. So those would be 2 or 3 that we watch. I do want to get back, Peter, you asked about the recovery that was an NII. It's $4 million this quarter. I want to close that out.
David Turner: Well, so you saw a pretty good quarter this quarter, again, make sure you add back the $14 million on the HR to get level set there. The reason we were down is because our revenue was down in certain areas like capital markets that has a tendency to be more variable in terms of the cost relative to the revenue. Things like M&A. If you don't have M&A transactions and you don't have the compensation that goes with the deal. So it depends where the revenue challenges come from, John. If we're seeing it in places like that, then we should have lower compensation mortgage. If we don't have the mortgage production that we think then you're going to see lower compensation for that as well. So we do have some mechanism to take care of revenue if it's lower than we thought. Now a big driver of our change in -- we've changed, I guess, 2 times now, our revenue outlook has been because of the rate environment and just more carry there. So if we have if we don't get the rate increases, the forwards implied at March 31, which is what's baked into our guidance, then we're probably going to have lower incentive compensation. So there are puts and takes there. We still feel confident with the operating leverage number that you just mentioned. That's exactly what's baked into our guidance. And we will -- we are committed to having operating leverage over time.
David Turner: I think if you look at the -- if you're on that Page 5, let's start with the right-hand side. Those are the higher beta 80% to 100%. I'd characterize those as non-operational corporate deposits. These are deposits that are parked here that probably are going to seek a better avenue, a better yield than we're willing to pay for. So you could expect those to most likely move off the balance sheet first. When you get to the middle which is at 40% to 60% beta, those are accounts that had stimulus or small business accounts with a disproportionate amount of cash in their accounts that we think will normalize over time. I think you'll see a little bit of both. You'll see some of that move off the balance sheet. You'll see some of that where we'll pay a higher price. But at the end of the day, we're going to have to monitor that. We have a deposit rate committee. This is what they do every month. They meet to try to figure out what we should pay. As you know, our deposit beta was among the lowest of the peer group, we expect that to be true going forward because of our granular, high-promising deposit base. So that one has that middle $13 billion is something we're going to have to watch closely to see whether it stays on. And if it does, what will it cost us? There is going to be an avenue for both of these, that is in the middle column and the right for off-balance sheet opportunities where we'll move those out of the bank, but we'll be able to have a fee associated with that. It will help compensate us a little bit. It won't cover what we're earning today or likely earning as rates move up. But nonetheless, it will be a bit of a carry for us going forward.
David Turner: Yes. No, I think you're exactly right. I think, again, when it's 25 basis points, that may have been different. 50, pure large corporation that has non-operational deposits. You're going to be moving pretty quickly. So again, we expected the $5 billion to $10 billion that we talked about to move off in the first quarter, it did not. Now our corporate deposits were about flat on an average basis. We do expect that after this 50 basis points for that to start happening. So yes, you would expect deposits to be down in the second quarter as a result of that.
David Turner: Well, I think we've redeployed some. So we put $1.5 billion to work this last quarter. As spreads continue to actually gap out a bit, things like CMBS -- Agency CMBS was a good place for us. I guess we put at, what, 2.80 was $1.5 billion. If you were to do that today, it would be closer to 3.5. So it's kind of a little bit of a game we need to just watch and see what the rate environment will give us. We do have some cash we can put to work if our beta assumptions are better, then we'll have that much more cash to deploy over time. And our guidance we're giving you doesn't have that -- does not have that baked into the guidance. But using the spot securities and the forward starting swaps, all that's baked into our hedging strategy that we're trying to put in place so that we can protect a really nice margin that we think we can get to over time, and we've given you that guidance on one of our slides, on Slide 8. And I think in our pre-recorded message, we think we can push up to 3.75 with a 2.50 Fed funds. So that would be quite nice for us.
David Turner: So my first point would be to ignore it, and you don't have to do the math and you go on to something else. But if you want to track it for whatever reason that you have, I would expect it to probably negatively impact us, but not to the tune of what it did this past quarter, partially because of what we're lagging into right now. And frankly, the change in the long end isn't going to be as -- we don't think be as severe as it was this quarter. So good luck with your math.
David Turner: Yes. So this whole concept of tangible book value came about in the recession. To the extent we have a recession, the rate environment is actually going to go the other way and securities are going to be worth that much more. And so again, I think you -- if you want to mark the entire balance sheet to fair value, that would be reasonable, especially in trying times where you're trying to figure out what the true fair value of net assets are for a given company. But the total concept of tangible book value, in my opinion, is really not a going concern issue. It's a failure notion. It's, I'm going out of business, what I get as a shareholder if we liquidate everything? And the biggest issue I have with OCI is you're marking one element of the entire balance sheet. Securities, you're not market loans, you're not marketing deposits or anything else. So you're not getting a very good understanding of what true tangible book value is in any rate scenario. But I realize I'm in the minority and people just do -- are going to do what they want. But in a recession, and it actually goes the other way because the rates will be down.
David Turner: Yes. I don't -- again, we don't use this to manage our bank at all. We don't use it for capital. We don't use it for rating agencies. So to put it in held to maturity where we don't have to have a mark, all that does is restrict our ability to manage the portfolio the way we want. And so, we don't see any need for that. We do realize there are some people for whatever reason that this is important. And all I'm saying is go calculate the fair value of our deposits, which will be in our 10-Q coming up and just add that in as you're thinking about tangible book value, then we at least have a better idea of what it is.
