John Turner: Thank you, Dana. Good morning, and thanks for joining our call today. Before we get started, I want to take a moment to speak about Hurricane Michael. As we've seen, this was an incredibly powerful storm and communities in the Florida Panhandle, South Alabama and South Georgia all faced different challenges as they began the recovery process. I'm extremely proud of the way our teams are responding to meet the needs of customers, fellow associates and the communities affected. As of today, all of our associates are safe and accounted for. All but five of our branches in the impacted areas are open and conducting business. And all our ATMs are now operating. We are working with our customers to determine their needs for assistance and have activated disaster recovery financial services, including ATM fee waivers and loan payment deferrals. I was in Panama City on Friday. And while the damage is significant, the markets are determined to come back strong. We're still evaluating the overall financial impact to Regions, but we do not expect it to be material. With respect to the third quarter, we are very pleased with our financial performance. We reported earnings from continuing operations of $354 million, reflecting an increase of 20% compared to the third quarter of the prior year. Importantly, we grew loans, fees and households, and delivered positive operating leverage and significantly improved efficiency. Of note, adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income increased again this quarter to its highest level in over a decade. It's important to point out that our results include the impact of a $60 million contribution to our Foundation during the quarter. Combined with the $40 million contribution we made in December of 2017, we've now invested $100 million, effectively positioning the Foundation to provide consistent and sustained investments in our communities for many years to come. Our third quarter performance clearly demonstrates our focus on continuous improvement is gaining traction. We remain committed to the successful execution of our Simplify and Grow strategic priority and investments in technology, process improvements and talent are paying off.  In terms of the economic backdrop, we remain encouraged by current conditions and customer sentiment. Increased lending activity coupled with substantial completion of portfolio recycling and reshaping efforts allowed us to deliver broad-based loan growth this quarter. As we look to the fourth quarter, pipelines remain healthy and we're on track to achieve our low single-digit adjusted average loan growth for the year.  Let me quickly remind you the four key strengths we believe provide considerable momentum for Regions.  First is our asset sensitivity and funding advantage, driven by our low cost and loyal deposit base. This continues to provide significant franchise value and a competitive advantage, particularly in a rising rate environment. Second relates to asset quality. We believe the derisking and portfolio reshaping activities we have completed, combined with our sound risk management practices, have positioned us well for the next credit cycle. Third, our capital position supports credit growth and investments, as well as additional capital returns.  And, finally, we expect additional improvements in core performance through our Simplify and Grow strategic priority, which is well underway. Again, our goal is to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance and we believe our results this quarter provide tangible evidence that our focus on continuous improvement is working. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
John Turner: Yes. John, this is John. I would say, we continue to remain optimistic about our ability to deliver on our commitment to low single-digit loan growth on an adjusted basis. Loan growth was pretty broad-based, particularly within the wholesale business this quarter. So about -- if you adjust for the run-off and dealer indirect, about 1% growth in consumer and almost 2% in the wholesale book, we are not facing the headwinds that we had been facing that were the result primarily of our own derisking activities. So, we predicted that we would likely hit a bottom in investor real estate sometime in the second quarter. We did and we began to see a little pickup in activity there. And so, grew a little in the second quarter and that growth continued in the third quarter. Similarly, within our commercial banking activities and corporate banking, the growth has been broad-based across our specialized industry groups, our diversified industries teams, manufacturing, distribution and across our geographies. I would tell you that it is very competitive despite the fact that we grew, we passed on about half as much business as we actually produced and the reason we passed was primarily because of pricing or some other structural element. We didn't experience the paydowns in the third quarter that others have talked about, but we very much did in the first and second quarter of this year, and you might remember in the third and fourth quarter of 2017. So it is very competitive, compensation comes from a variety of sources. But we have really solid pipelines and I feel good about our ability to deliver on low single-digit adjusted loan growth for the year.
John Turner: We are still committed to low single-digit loan growth, John. We think it's important to be very disciplined, to be very prudent about what we booked, focus on client selectivity and risk-adjusted returns. We don't need a lot of loan growth to achieve our stated objectives. And so -- and we are going to be careful and thoughtful about what we book and so our targets are still low single-digit at this point.
John Turner: Yes. Well, I think our peers are really all over the board. For us, it's incumbent upon us to keep the amount of capital we think we need to run our business and we will continue to update that each year, challenge ourselves, but we also have to be cognizant of where we are. We're nine years into an expansion. Next May it will be 10 years. And we think given our risk profile where we are and considering all other things at 9.5%, common equity Tier 1 is proper for us at this time. That being said, we'll be looking at that as we wrap up this year, then to the first quarter and we make any adjustments we deem appropriate at that time.
John Turner: Yes, Erika. I'll -- maybe I'll start. This is John. I would say to the question of how -- what percentage of our deposit balances we think are operational, 67% of all of our deposits are consumer deposits. We think approximately 93% of all of our consumer households maintain some sort of operating account balance with us. Obviously, on the wholesale side or corporate bank, all of those deposits, let's say in demand deposits, we think kind of as being operational. So I would believe that the vast majority of our demand deposits are in fact operational in nature. When we look at our consumer book, one of the things that gives us a lot of confidence about our deposit gathering franchise and the strength of our customer base is that over the last year we've actually grown consumer demand by over 5%. We've grown consumer savings by about 7.3% and grown NOW deposits by over 1%. So despite the fact that we've been aggressively managing our interest cost, the core of our business, which is consumer operating deposits, has continued to grow as has checking accounts through the last 12 months.
John Turner: Yes. I would just add. We got into that business to -- because we began to see consumer preferences develop and evolve. We wanted to learn largely what was going on in that space. We've established some internal concentration limits to manage our exposure to effectively consumer indirect, unsecured lending, I think it's to-date good for us. David suggested the credit quality has been good, returns have been good, and we've learned some things through observation and on the balance sheet a little bit.
John Turner: I don't recall that we have necessarily been public about the limits we've established, but we don't expect the portfolio to grow whole lot more than its current size.
John Turner: I would just add. When you look at our overall credit metrics, we continue to see improvement in the level of classified assets, the level of non-performing loans, a little uptick in criticized loans this quarter. That to Barb's point does not reflect anything systemic at all and all the results reflect the outcome of the recent [stake exam].
John Turner: Yes. I'd agree with that Gerard. I'd also offer -- I mentioned 67% of our deposits are consumer deposits, 93% of our consumer households have a primary operating, what we would consider a quality primary operating account with us. The average balances in our deposit accounts are more granular we think than some of our peers. It reflects the markets that we're in, it reflects the type customers that we're banking and we think that that's a competitive advantage. It in fact does result in our maintaining more demand deposits, let's say, in the consumer space in some regard than we did before and it is a real strength of our franchise.
John Turner: Okay. Well, thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation, and thanks for your interest in Regions. Have a good day.
David Turner: Hey, John. This is David. Yes, so we had a nice improvement on our efficiency ratio in the quarter. We continue to expect our efficiency ratio will improve throughout the year and into 2019. We had mentioned that we thought getting into the mid-50s was a reasonable goal for us over time, helped in part by our efficiency efforts, continuous improvement and lift in revenue from rates and the efforts we have to grow revenue through our investments. So, we still believe mid-50s at this point is a good target. Over time maybe we get below that. But we're going to update all of that for you in February typically.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. So we have our targeted capital range that we've spared before in common equity Tier 1 in that 9.5%. We've been working towards that. As you know, when you follow a CCAR plan that we did and receive an objection that had timing built into that as to when we would buy those shares back as well as have our dividend increased. So in order to change that, we would have to have a resubmission. We think we're on a good guide path right now, given where we are. We made a lot of progress this quarter, as you laid out. Our repurchase program will be completed in the fourth quarter and we can be in the market executing on our next quarter plan after earnings, so our share -- our accelerated share repurchase program I was referring to.
David Turner: Yes. I want to clarify that, so the component part of the program, the piece of this accelerated share repurchase program will be completed in the fourth quarter. We have all our repurchases that are baked into our CCAR submission after that.
David Turner: Erika, I'll add. The non-interest bearing from a corporate standpoint, as mentioned in the prepared comments, we did see companies utilize their excess liquidity to pay down debt, to make fixed capital investments, and in some cases, seek higher yields that we were willing to pay. And so, we are not losing the customer, they're just choosing to seek the highest return as you would expect all treasurers to do. So, we think we have the ability to really gather deposits. We're looking at loan growth. We want to pair that off and our commitment is to grow our deposit base, our core deposit base commensurate with our loans over time, you may have a mismatch in the given quarter, but we feel good about where we are in terms of deposit growth looking out -- looking forward.
David Turner: Yes. So we are seeing competition from non-banks in the real estate mortgage space or commercial real estate mortgage space, the life insurance companies, and commercial banking activities largely around M&A, sponsor-based transactions from business development corporations, private equity backed funds, and that is having some impact on our business. But as said by John, the impact was more significant in the first part of the year, particularly in quarter one and in parts of quarter two, particularly with respect to the commercial mortgage business. And on an ongoing basis we continue to see private equity backed funds take more risk in the leverage space than we're willing to take. And as a consequence, we would think that or suggest that our exposure to leveraged lending and to sponsor backed transactions is very reasonable at about 20% of our leverage exposure down from over 35% about a year ago. So, we've continued to reduce our exposure to sponsor-based leveraged loans and in part that's a function of risk selection and I think a part of reflection of just their activity in the marketplace.
David Turner: Sure. So, we have indirect coming from a couple of different places. We have indirect auto and then we have indirect other, which is our point-of-sale initiative that we have with several entities. We continue to experience good growth there and good economics on that portfolio. We continue to challenge ourselves on that -- on all of our portfolios. The profitability on indirect auto has been challenged. We are a prime -- super prime book, and all the losses are improved. The economics there are -- have been challenging and we're continuing to look at that, yields are growing a bit for us there. So those are really the two kind of point-of-sale in indirect auto as two good categories Geoff.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. So, we did -- that we are opportunistic with regards to our $1.5 billion that we raised recently, some in the holding company and some in the bank to take advantage of FDIC costs. As we look out at our plan for the holding company, we'll have another debt issuance in the holding company probably in the first quarter and that number will be in the $500 million range. But from a preferred standpoint, we have to -- there are a lot of moving targets in terms of preferred. We need to see what happens from a capital standpoint. We have a lot going on all the regulators and we need to see what happens with the buffer in terms of whether or not we need to issue and how much and when. So you need to stay tuned a little bit on the preferred offering in the -- which may or may not occur in the second half of the year if it occurs.
David Turner: Well, let me talk more about the total left side of the balance sheet. So, our securities book, we feel good about where that is. Obviously, we want to comply with LCR, to the extent some of that gets changed regulatorily, maybe we can put certain of those investment securities in a little healthier return than some of the securities we have today, Ginnie Mae securities as an example. But in terms of front-book, back-book, we have about $14 billion of assets that are repricing over the next 12 months, that repricing of securities and loans, and that's a pickup of the 75 to 100 basis points even if rates don't move. If rates stay right where they are right now and that's a pretty good tailwind to us from an NII growth and resulting margin as well. We've been able to give you the confidence that we could hit our NII growth goals for this year and of course we'll update those for the next year later on, but that's important to note.
David Turner: Yes. Saul, this is David. So we've been -- we spend an awful lot of time and effort on our modeling and leveraging some of the CCAR models and building some new ones. We are in pretty good shape. We are clerking third-parties to make sure we do this right and we'll be running parallel, we'll start that in 2019, we'll adjust and learn, so that we're prepared for January 2020. As you know, there are discussions on CECL and whether or not there may or may not be modifications to the standard, whether or not there may be a delay or not, we'll just have to see, but it's incumbent upon us to be prepared either way. And as far as when we'll be prepared to give that guidance? We really -- before we do that, we want to make sure our models are reflective of our best numbers we can come out with. So it will be in the 2019, probably no earlier than the middle of the year and we'll just have to see how things develop before we can give you that kind of guidance.
David Turner: Yes, Betsy. So there are several things working on operating leverage and efficiency, the revenue side and the expense side. Let me start with revenue. We continue to make investments to grow revenue, those investments are in people and in technology, making investments in higher growth markets for new branches, and we do pay for those investments and so we've been leveraging our continuous improvement process that we started out for Simplify and Grow. It's going to continue. This is something we want to culturally advantage. How do we get better each and every day through process improvement, leveraging technology? A big part of the expense side has been savings and the SMB line item that you saw this past quarter, which we told you about beginning of the year that you'd see the benefits of that in the third quarter, you'd see it again in the fourth quarter. We're substantially through with the larger numbers of headcount reductions. You'll see some, but not to the degree that you saw thus far through the nine months to September. And then from there we have to continue to become more efficient. And getting back to John's earlier comment on the efficiency ratio, where you think you can go? I just think our industry will continue to become more efficient leveraging all the new technologies that are out there to get efficiency ratio, which we think we could target in the mid-50s. We'll see if we can get better than that over time. But that's with a healthy revenue growth in making investments to grow our business are really important to us.
David Turner: Well, our margin of 3.50% is better than most of our peers. And so, it gets harder as you have a -- if you continue to outperform, it gets harder to keep outperforming. That being said, we are leveraging what we see as our competitive deposit base, continuing to make investments to grow earning assets, in particular the loan portfolio as you saw this quarter. So leveraging off of that in the future growth that we see should help us and obviously we think December has a pretty high probability of a rate increase in that. And so, if LIBOR starts moving 30 days prior to December rate increase and you will see that benefit even more. Our beta has outperformed and we do expect our beta to get higher, to continue to increase the pace of which we'll see what happens. For the year, we're only at -- cycled to-date about 15%. So, we think that continues to increase, that is baked into our guidance already that we've given you and we think that that continues to help propel us to continue to grow NII in the fourth quarter and into 2019.
David Turner: So Gerard, we have really focused on continuing to grow customer accounts, demand deposit checking accounts, we've been very good at that. We've grown checking accounts this year, about 1.5%. And so, we think that that will continue. We expect that to continue. Our non-interest bearing demand deposits have also grown over time. We have seen that shrink as have all of our peers this past quarter. We performed a little better than most -- and again as because we see large companies putting that non-interest bearing to work either to pay down debt, make fixed capital investments or reinvest some higher earning securities. We do think that the non-interest bearing will be higher than history. We think as companies have gone through the liquidity scare that we had in a way that people are thinking differently about their liquidity. We think we'll see it for right, but we think people will hold on to more of that liquidity and leverage up versus using it all and then leverage it, at least that's our assumption, we'll see how that plays out. But I think it's going back to that liquidity scare in 2008. That's a little bit of a change in terms of how people think about it.
David Turner: Yeah. Today, it's in the 7 plus percent sort of range as a percentage of total and I think we'd expect it to stay there to grow potentially up modestly as a percentage of total. You might remember that, now going back almost three years, we committed to try and change the mix of business within investor real estate. In 2014, 85% of our production was construction primarily of multifamily and we began to work that level of production down. It had a significant impact on balances as you see and so our balances have significantly declined. We did reach a point in the second quarter when we began to -- I think it was in part because of seasoning, again to have the opportunity to win a few more commercial mortgage opportunities. And those are typically going to be financing season properties with stabilized cash flows largely on multi-family office projects. We have some retail exposure, but most of what we're doing is multi-family office and some industrial and with that comes full relationship. So we pickup deposit balances, we pickup opportunities to generate fee income through our capital market, secondary market offerings, placement products. And so, we think it's a business we want to grow sort of with the economy, maybe plus or little as it provides a lot of ancillary opportunities, but again it won't grow to be too much larger as a percentage of the total than it is today.
David Turner: Yes, Peter. I think really focusing on improvements in the efficiency ratios and by the way to answer your question, we are making investments, as I mentioned earlier, to grow revenues, make investments in higher growth markets. We're trying to pay for that, keep our expenses relatively stable as we mentioned for the year, which means we have to have reductions in other places to pay for those investments. So, I -- we feel good about where we're going to end up for the year, fourth quarter already strong, and we'll now end up and update you on 2019, actually for the next three years, in February.
