John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you all for joining our call today. Let me begin by saying we are pleased with our first quarter results. The momentum we experienced in the fourth quarter has continued in the 2019. We reported earnings from continuing operations of $378 million delivering solid year-over-year revenue growth, broad-based loan growth and stable, but normalizing acid quality, all while reducing expenses and generating positive operating leverage. Loans grew somewhat faster than we anticipated in the quarter, driven in part by increased line utilization by our business customers. We intentionally funded a portion of this incremental loan growth with commercial and corporate treasury deposits and while this was more economical than also borrowings, deposit costs were impacted during the quarter. We expect loan growth will moderate through the remainder of the year, providing opportunities to optimize our deposit mix. With respect to the economy, we feel good about the health of the consumer and businesses. I’ve traveled across our footprint in the last few weeks to markets including Tampa, West Palm Beach, Atlanta, Nashville, Houston, Greenville and Spartanburg, South Carolina and Mobile, Alabama. I’ve met with clients of varying sizes and industries, and customer sentiment remains positive. Many customers experienced record revenues in 2018 and are expecting even better results in 2019. In general, our clients do not expect a recession in the near-term and neither do we. That being said, we remain focused on building a balance sheet that will position us for consistent and sustainable performance through all phases of the economic cycle. The outlook for the interest rate environment continues to evolve. clearly, the lower rates and the shape of the yield curve makes near-term revenue growth more challenging for the industry. However, as we did over the last four, five years, we will make the necessary changes and adapt to the evolving market conditions. In the meantime, we’ll continue to focus on the things we can control, providing customers with the quality financial products and services they need, maintaining appropriate risk-adjusted returns, prudently managing our interest rate sensitivity profile, and effectively controlling expenses while continuing to make investments in technology and talent. Again, we are pleased with our financial results this quarter. Our focus on continuous improvement remains key to our ability to generate consistent and sustainable long-term performance. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to David.
John Turner: What we – what I said was we chose to have – fund that with higher cost deposits versus wholesale funding, because the deposit growth was cheaper than what funding was. What I was trying to address is the deposit beta was negatively impacted, because of that decision. If you look at our total funding beta, our total funding beta was fairly consistent with the peers. So, it’s just a mix of what we chose to fund that growth with versus what somebody else might have done.
John Turner: The other point, I guess I make just if I might on, a balance sheet optimization is we’ve indicated we think that loan growth will begin to moderate a bit. At the same time, our core deposit base continues to grow very consistently. Consumer demand deposits grew over 4% last year. They’re growing for the seventh year in a row point to point up about 7%. We see growth in consumer savings, consumer checking continues to grow. And so that’s a more consistent to lever an increase in deposits that will occur over time and as that catches up with loan growth, which will be moderating. We have an opportunity to also optimize our deposit base and we think that will accrue to our benefit.
John Turner: It’ll be in the third quarter release something. Yes. We want to run parallel for a couple of quarters to see what it looks like.
John Turner: No, I don’t think so, Gerard, and not let maybe far, speak as well, but I think we’ve established some internal limits, just as we have concentration limits for lots of other aspects of do we manage risk in our portfolio and we’re at a level with respect to leverage lending that we’re comfortable with. We expect to continue to manage to about the level that we’re at. I think the most risky exposure we’ve talked about before in the portfolio has been loans to sponsor own companies. We brought that down from kind of the mid-30% to somewhere in the 26%, 27% range as I’d recall. And we’ll continue to work on that to ensure that the leverage exposure that we do have is to customers that we have full relationships with that it’s in industries that we know well is distributed across a variety of different industries. So, we don’t have any real concentrated exposure by industry sector either. And I think we do feel comfortable with it, but I’ll let Barb respond to that question as well.
John Turner: Well, we think it’s progressing well. We have about 40 de novo branches that have – that are now open and operating I guess for less than a year, largely across those markets. We continue to reposition our retail franchise as an example in St. Louis as we shift that franchise and we shared this with you at Investor Day, I think we now have access to 10% more households, more wealth, more businesses. The same would be true as we think about the expansion in Atlanta. I think we now have access to more than a million, more or nearly million more customer households, businesses and wealth. And so those opportunities continue to be available to us. The year-over-year checking growth, about 15% of our growth is attributable to de novos. And so – and we’ll continue to look for ways to provide you all with some information like a percentage of growth attributable to de novos as an example. that’ll give you some sense of how we’re doing. I think, again, core to our strategy is looking for ways to continue to grow our core customer base. So, as we’re growing consumer checking accounts, as we’re growing debit cards usage, as we’re growing credit cards on the consumer side, as we’re growing small business accounts and small business deposit balances, those should be indicators to you that, that our expansion strategy is gaining some traction. We’re recruiting talent in those markets and feel good about the teams we continue to build. all-in-all, I think, we’ll – we’re going to continue it to on the path to execute that strategy.
John Turner: Okay. I think that’s all the questions we had today. Really appreciate your time. appreciate your interest in regions and thank you very much. Have a good day.
David Turner: Sure, Ken. So yes, we’ve looked at the rate environment clearly changed, since going into the year, not anything different than we’ve experienced before as we showed you at Investor Day. We had a three-year outlook, if rates were lower than we thought and we adapted and overcame that and we’ll do it again this time. As we think about rates, from a reinvestment standpoint, we still have a front book, back book benefit, is not as much as it was originally. But we still benefit from that. In this particular quarter, we had a couple of things that impacted us. We had loan growth that was a little stronger than we had anticipated with 160 basis point increase in line utilization. We had to fund that and we chose to fund that with higher cost deposits versus going to the wholesale market. So, if you look at deposit betas, that caused our deposit base to be up. our overall funding beta is kind of in line with peers. But we thought that was the right thing to do. The loans that we put on were a little center spread, which puts a little pressure on our margin. The margin actually was impacted by our parent company Danish once we had in the first quarter, as well as a reclassification of purchasing card assets that don’t carry any interest carry. those two things were two basis points of margin in the quarter. So, as we look forward, what we need to do is continue to remix the balance sheet both on the loan side and the deposit side as we seek to optimize both levels to get our net interest income, where we want being in the resulting margin. I will go ahead and answer the question, because it’s probably coming up that our margin expectation for the year, we believe to be a commensurate with what we had last year in the 3.50 range, give or take a point or two. So, that’s kind of how we see the rates and our expectations for the year.
David Turner: Yes. So we’re still guiding on the adjusted loans with cards out the runoff portfolios to be in the low single digits. You’ll see some of the remixing there. A little bit of that growth that you saw in the first quarter where companies that have access to the capital markets that chose to come to the bank market, because it’s cheaper. We expect that to change over time and so you should expect some runoff there. And we’ll refill that still to get our low single digit – low single-digit growth. The auto book continues to run down. We’ll be in the $700 million, $800 million range on those runoff portfolios.
David Turner: Yes. So, as John mentioned in his comments, we feel good about – our customers feel good about the economy and they’re continuing to borrow. We had and that increase we saw part of that this first quarter. Again, we’re – customers we believe have access, we know have access to the capital markets that chose to use their bank lines of credit to give them more flexibility in terms of timing on when they would go to the capital market system. It’s just a matter of time before that happens. So, we’re going to see those loans run out of the bank as we continue to grow consistent with our expectations at the beginning of the year. So, when you get net-net to the end of the year, we think net loan growth is still on that single, the low single digits.
David Turner: Yes. John, I would just reiterate that I think we still feel very good about our credit metrics. As Barb said, we’re really a better than 10 year lows in terms of criticized, classified, non-performing loans. And so from time to time, we’re going to see a little movement up or down I think in those metrics in this particular quarter, as Barb mentioned, we had one or two credits and impacted both criticized loans and non-performing loans. And so given the low base we’re coming off, I think you’re going to see some back and forth there, over the coming quarters as credit begins to normalize a bit, but we feel still feel very good about our credit quality.
David Turner: Yes, Betsy. We had mentioned at Investor Day that mathematically, our capital that we think we need based on the risk profile that we have, would lead one to a common equity Tier 1 of 9%. And we said to our – those attending and listen that we added another 50 basis points of cushion on that. We believe that that capital level one provides the proper capital we need to have plus a little bit. Wow, allowing us to get to our return expectations that we also laid out, so that those targets were not derived based on supervisory input or CCAR mechanism. So, I don’t see that changing at all. As you know, we have to get through the second quarter, which is based on last year submission. And then the third quarter, we’ll start – we’re not under CECL, but it’ll start our capital planning and that’s why we have confidence. We will get to our 9.5% by then. And we’ll have – we’ll be able to toggle between loan growth and share buybacks as we seek to manage the capital at that level.
David Turner: Well, as I mentioned our math, based on our risk profile would lead you to 9. We choose to have an extra 50 basis points in there, which we think gives us flexibility, especially as you think about, where we are in a 10 year run. And if the county were turned down, we have the ability to perhaps take advantage of some opportunities that might come our way to invest in the assets. they could give us growth. So, it’s – we think inappropriate amount of cushion, because it didn’t weigh us down from our return objectives and gives us that flexibility. So that’s why we do it.
David Turner: Well, I think, again, the way we want you to get there is by looking at our target of common equity tier 1 of 9.5%. We think that the toggle we have to think through on buyback is what’s loan growth going to look like. Now we’ve said we wanted to pay out a dividend in the 35% to 45% of a range that uses a piece of it of earnings. and then the rest of it is either going to be used for loan growth or it’s going for the most part or we’re going to buy shares back. So, trying to now stipulate exactly what the buybacks going to be is when we don’t think it’s necessary as much because we’re giving you what the end result’s going to be. So you have to – you have to come up with your expectation of what our loan growth is going to be and it’ll help you get your buyback number.
David Turner: Yes, Erika. I would say it’s combination of both. First of all, we’re committed to the 55% efficiency ratio by the end of 2021 and we believe we have appropriate levers both in terms of revenue growth from investments we’re making and opportunities to reduce expenses to be reinvested in additional initiatives that will help generate revenue growth to get to the 55% efficiency ratio. We’re absolutely committed to get there.
David Turner: Well, if you just think about the 10 year just on reinvestment that security’s book. So, we’re coming off a 2.70-ish range, reinvesting in the 2.90, the 3% range. So, we’re getting some lift, just reinvesting those cash flows over the near-term. It’s really not curved dynamics as much that drives versus the mix of what we put on both on the right and the left side of the balance sheet. So, I think you could have – you could be where rates are in the curve can look, where it is now and depending on what your choices are would depend on whether or not you can continue to grow an NII resulting margin or whether it stays flat. We’re looking to optimize our balance sheet for not only NIM, but net interest income growth, return, credit risk management, all that has to work together. And again, we’ve laid out our three-year expectations and our one-year expectation and we intend to kid all of that. So, there are a lot of moving parts that you have to deal with. And it’s that’s a hard one to explain.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. I’d add, our expectation for that rates were going to go down at some point, which is why we began our hedging program over a year ago. As we’ve mentioned, we’re about 70 – we’re about 75% through our hedging program right now. And we did that in large part with forward starting swaps to begin in 2020 as we expected GDP to decline to 2.5% in 2019, 2% in 2020 and 1% in 2021. And that the probability of rate cuts would increase in 2020 and 2021 and we wanted to be protected there. What you’re seeing of late as a reversal from the Fed? And it put more pressure on not getting, not only not getting an increase this year, but having some probability of a cut this year, which we don’t think will happen by the way. And so that that’s really, where we’re more exposed as if there were cut right now. Again, we’ll take that risk, because we don’t believe that’ll happen.
David Turner: Well, I think you can ask some noise in the interim. Again, we’re at 3.53, we said we’d be at 3.50 for the year give or take a foreigner too. And it’s going to be dependent on how well we optimize and the 10 year has moved quite rapidly, it’s gone from 3.50 to almost 3.60. We’re down a little bit this morning. So, if we continued – the 10 year continues to move up a little bit, then the reinvestment helps us to increase, net interest income and helps us from a margin standpoint.
David Turner: Just for clarification, I think in our second quarter release, probably we’ll provide some information on the third quarter – third quarter release, day one impact. So, we’re still a ways off.
David Turner: Yes, Marty. So, the NIM to us is the result of all things that we do. And you’re exactly right, but we put on, we want to be fixated at our NIM and then we could have done different things. I do want to make sure if I caught the fact that our NIM was impacted 1 basis point by our parent company issuance. And then we had the reclassification of our purchasing card into loans, which is a non-interest bearing asset. So that weighted us down another point. So, we could have kept the margin relatively stable at 3.55, but we were able to keep NII level, not withstanding two days, which caused us $10 million in the quarter. So, we thought it was pretty good. Again, we’ll optimize the balance sheet and those loans that we did put certain of those loans we put on had thinner spreads to them. They’ll run out to the capital markets, we’ll get a capital market fee when that happens, we’ll remix the balance sheet and we’ll be off to the races. So, we’re not overly fixated on the margin.
David Turner: Yes. So, what our history tells us is that it takes about 12 months and change after the last Fed hike for deposit rates to stop moving. So that’s a piece of this that’s usually just even if we don’t get another increase, you’ll see that continuing to come through. Mix has a big deal to do with it too. So as we continue to grow low-cost core checking accounts and interest freak accounts, that’s helpful. but our commercial customers want to, they’re trying to take their excess cash and get the best yield that they can. If rates stop moving, that will abate to. So moving up into the 30s, we can argue, where in the 30s, we might end up. The point is we’re going to continue to see some costs, some funding costs, increases continuing to come through that we need to deal with. And we have a little bit of the headwind on reinvestment on the left side of the balance sheet. And then the optimizations really will carry the day for us.
David Turner: Well, you’re certainly correct that is different. Betas last time were in the 60 range and now we’re talking in the 30 range. And part of that is because of how slow the recovery has been and the pace of those increases. Also coming off historic lows and so I think all that matters and there is a chance that things flatten out quicker than we have anticipated. if that happens, then we’re going to be better off than we think. And we’d much rather give you a number that we – that we can hit versus trying to promise something that will struggle achieving.
David Turner: Yes. So, the forward dates are in 20 and you’re right, we would have some positive carry there, but we – we also entered into some interest rate floors, where you had to pay a premium and you amortize the premium. So, the amortization unfortunately offsets the swap benefit. So, again, if rates didn’t move from here, we kind of pushed there. So, you won’t see any real positive carry.
David Turner: Yes. So part of which – what we want to do is try to frame up the range at Investor Day like we did. And what changed since then was the near-term risk before our forward starting swaps began in 2020. So even if you saw a dip in 2019, we actually start recovering that in 2020 when our derivatives kick in. So that’s the piece that gives us confidence that we’re still within the range that we told you back then. If we received a rank cut in 2019, that would – we’d have a different ballgame. We’d be telling you something different. We just don’t think the probability is very high than that happens. So, anyway, that’s…
David Turner: I think there, we have a little bit in there that’s helping part of our hedging program right now that works against us again on our margin. It’s not a tremendously large number. We kind of like, where we are from that standpoint. I think what you should expect over time as a remixing of our security’s book, kind of today, we still have treasuries and Ginnie Maes in there that we used for LCR purposes. And to the extent that that changes, then maybe we can put those, working a little more effectively force into mortgage backs. So, you’ll see us do that from time to time. As a matter of fact, you saw us take security loss as of this quarter to pair off with a gain that we had on selling the affordable mortgage loans. So that we could get better carry going forward and we’ll pay for that in less than a year. So, those are the kinds of things you should expect us to do over time.
David Turner: Yes. I think you’re close – just probably closer to 10. But we’re at 46 basis points of costs, one of the lowest. So, when you start looking at beta and percentages, you get, you can get some odd numbers, but we feel, we feel like, again, back to, I think as Marty asked a question if we miss it, we’re going to outperform what we’re telling you.
David Turner: We kind of put those together, Saul at this time, because there – obviously, there’s challenges in terms of managing earning assets in the mix and all that. So, we put that together with NIR, we’re still convicted that will be within 2% to 4%. Right now, there is more pressure on the NII component of that, but not enough that would cause us to not meet that, that goal that we had.
David Turner: Let me – this is David. I just want to clean up one thing. So, I think as Saul had asked a question about the impact of beta going into the 30, I said – and we said more like 10 points on and I said, interest bearing that’s a total, it shouldn’t be total. So, I want to clean that up.
Barb Godin: Certainly, John. It’s Barb Godin. relative to criticized and classified in terms of those numbers, that’s attributable to really two or three credits that moved over, and given the lows that were on, it’s simply starting to slowly normalize. Also recall that our results include the results of the recently completed Shared National Credits survey or credit exam. So that’s all encompassing. We don’t see any trends in there that we’re looking at that concern us at all at this point. And in terms of our loan loss reserve, we’re sitting at one-on-one; we think that area 1% one-on-one is probably the right number as we look forward as well until we get the seasonal next year.
Barb Godin: First question on CECL is, yes, we are in the midst of doing a lot of work, running parallel, making sure our models are operating the way they need to et cetera. We’ll probably disclose something in the second quarter, but we’re not quite ready to do that yet on the CECL front. Relative to the leverage loans et cetera, there’s nothing that sticks out in terms of anything that’s an anomaly. So, a pretty good book.
Barb Godin: The only thing I have to add is just as you said; these are to our best quality CNI customers that we do leverage lending to in particular. So, we are very comfortable with them. We look at them on a regular basis. We look at the book on a monthly basis and we recycled. If we see something that either is not carrying its weight or that we feel that that’s probably a good opportunity for us to move out of. We take immediate action on it. So again, I’m feeling very good with that book.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. No, I understand. I think what’s changed versus a few months ago is the rate environment versus I think your strategy, so – and obviously, rates, they move around and we’re up to 20 bps off the bottom and maybe, two months from now, we’ll be 20 bps higher and we’re up about…
Matt O'Connor: Okay. I guess the optimization and the mix that you’re talking about, I thought it would have been beneficial from them.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. But the combination of that and where we are in rates still causes it’s trickled down a little bit.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. And then if you don’t mind, I just want to squeeze in the line utilization increase of 160 basis point, was that concentrated in like a handful of credit and if not, I guess what makes you think it’s going to decline so much to if you don’t meaningfully slow the loan growth? It was so good this quarter. Thank you.
