Barb Godin: Hey, it’s Barb and I'll go ahead and respond to that, Betsy. It's a couple of things. One is we've done a deep dive in all of our portfolios. You know, virtually 95% of our business services portfolio, we've had conversations with the first line and credit together; we've talked to customer-by-customer, et cetera; we've had ongoing discussions of – some of them are happening weekly, some of them monthly, some of them bi-weekly, et cetera.  So, we really feel good about the information we have on which to look and say which customers may create an issue, but we also made a change in our thinking over the – you know since the last great recession, which is we don't want to let problems age. So if we see a problem out there and we think it might hit towards a charge-off, we are actually moving it towards charge-off, hoping we'll get a recovery in due course, but that recovery is going to be much further out. So, as we think about getting to – and that's part of what's in the second half thinking. As we get to the beginning of next year, what we anticipate is that on our business services side, the commercial part of the book, that those numbers will indeed come down and consumer is a bit of the wild card because you're right, once the deferments roll-off and the stimulus rolls off, how will they behave? But so far, I'm pretty encouraged by what I see relative to people asking for things like second deferrals, et cetera, early on, but still encouraged somewhat on that front.
Barb Godin: Sure. Yes, so as we – when you talk about referrals in general, to begin with, I’ll start with consumer, work my way to Business Services really quick, Stephen. And so, for consumer, what we saw is that deferral rate all in, in fact, for the company, it’s about 6%. What I was looking at, in fact, earlier this morning is that those numbers are in fact coming down and so far in consumer, we've had no requests for second deferral yet. Mind you, it's early, and some of the first deferrals are just rolling off, but it's still a good encouraging early sign.  For the Business Services portfolio, all-in, it's about 6% as well. And again, talking to our customers, that's – you know again, the benefit of these one-by-one conversations, we've heard very limited need for a second deferral, so again, very encouraging news from that front. Relative to those that are deferred and the percent, you know, that are criticized within those, we've given a chart on Page 12 that doesn't give the criticized portion of the deferrals, but you can [intuit] from it that the criticized are large portion of those criticized percentages were – do include a deferral.
Barb Godin: Yes, and this is Barb, and right now, we would have a reserve ratio on that at-risk book of about a little over 7%. And then, if you look at some of the sub-sectors, you know, energy as an example, those high-risk segments that we point out, 10.5% to give you a sense, restaurants over 7%. So, we think we have a pretty healthy reserve on it.
Barb Godin: Yes, I would say we're certainly on top of it. And of course, the wild card, as we all know, is what's going to happen in the economy. So, you know, our best view of the economy is what's incorporated into what our thinking is. If all of a sudden we get a second wave that comes in and closes everything down, there's going to be some more pain, but based on what we know today, and back to, you know, I'm really confident on it. As I said, we've gone through; we've had the discussions. They're not a [one and done] discussion. They are an ongoing discussion. We have these meetings set up with – I’ll use Ronnie’s team again and we have them all in there, we have credit in there; we spend hours going through it. So again, that gives back to giving me that level of confidence that there's nothing that's happening that we're not talking about or seeing, and more importantly, reflecting in our thoughts around what are we going to call a criticized loan or a classified loan, an MPL or charge-off for that matter.
Barb Godin: Yes, first part of the question, which is where are the charge-offs going to come from in our estimation based on the analysis that we've done, the conversations that we've had. Again, primarily from the two portfolios we've already talked about energy and restaurant. We have to see the rest of that play out. There's going to be some retail and some hotel that could impact as well, but that's generally what I would size it up to.
Barb Godin: Yeah, I don't see a cliff at that point in time, because what we're doing is, what the process we have in place right now is, we're taking all of that information we have in place today, the customers on deferral, that's but one input point. We're looking at their cash flows. We're looking at a lot of other things to make the determination on the risk rating, which is why you're going to see customers who are paying that we may have sitting in a non-performing loan category and moved to a criticized reclassified category. So, we are making those risk rating changes, not because of the deferral, but as I said deferral is simply a point. So, I don't see a huge Cliff on any of that.
John Turner: Yes, and Betsy, you know, just to correlate that, you see a little decline in non-performing loans quarter-over-quarter, which I think is again, a reflection of the fact that we're moving those charge-offs through the system.
John Turner: You know, it is, I think last quarter, we were criticized for potentially under reserving and this quarter there's questions about credit. And I think, you know, I can't speak to what other banks are doing. What I do know is what we're doing. Over the last 10 years, we worked really hard to improve our credit risk management processes. And as Ronnie and Barb described, on the wholesale side of our business, we've been through the large majority, if not all of our portfolios, high-risk portfolios, large exposures, and we have risk rated those credits, we think appropriately. And, as a result, our allowance for credit losses reflects those risk ratings. We've considered companies, industries, their ability to repay, and we're actively monitoring our portfolios, and so have presented what we believe to be an appropriate allowance given the risk that's currently in our portfolio based upon the economic assumptions we're applying and expected life of loan losses. And, you know, it's our anticipation that the portfolio will, as David has described, perform consistent with in the future, at least next two quarters. Well, charge-offs will approximate [over the] current levels and we don't anticipate any significant additional provisioning if there are no changes in the economic environment and if our, you know, credit quality doesn't further deteriorate because of changes in the economic environment.
John Turner: I think we've covered. The point I'd make is though that there is – it's hard to distinguish between deterioration of the credit portfolio and changes in the economic environment because one effectively [begets] the other.
John Turner: I think it visually represents what is just overall, you know, our assumptions based upon the current stress environment that we're in.
John Turner: Yes, Jennifer, so, we tried to give a little bit of guidance. So let me roll it forward from the first quarter. If you recall, spin was down quite a bit on the consumer side and that we were concerned at that state at that level is going to cost us about $25 million a month between service charges and card and ATM fees. In our prepared comments, because of the spin coming back, in particular on debit card usage, that number is down to $10 million to $15 million per month at this current level. Now, in the month of June, we started to see that pick up a bit, but still not to the level that we had seen pre-crisis. A big driver that is the amount of stimulus that’s still sitting in the deposit accounts of our customers. Therefore, you don't have NSF fees, for instance, coming through and you don't have credit card interchange coming through. So right now, we're guiding to $10 million to $15 million per month from the pre-March numbers that you really ought to think through as you model.
John Turner: Yes, I think the other caveat is we really – the level of federal government relief is unprecedented and it is very difficult for us to apply any sort of modeling to that. And so, depending upon whether the relief is extended or not, what that looks like, certainly is a factor as we look forward, but that, of course, would influence I think the economic conditions that we're currently assuming as well. So, it is an unusual time, but as Barb said, we feel like we're on top of our reserving and credit issues.
John Turner: And Barb we are using the deferral as a leading indicator to go dig deeper [drawn into] that relationship, not looking at trailing 12, but what the current information is today. And what challenges that that relationship is facing. So, we're – to Barb's point, we're calling it as we see it today.
John Turner: Okay. [With no] further questions, we really appreciate your participation today. Thank you for your interest in our company. Have a good weekend.
David Turner: Yes, there's a lot in there. So, let me see if I can bullet down. So what we don't know is what the regime is going to be on forgiveness of PPP, so we don't have anything meaningful really coming through other than the carry that we are getting, which is, you know, pretty low carry. Probably the biggest driver is reduction in the loan book that we see. There were a lot of draws that happened in the late first quarter and in the second quarter and we saw about 80% of those be repaid by the end of the second quarter, but there's still some more that are going to be coming through. And so, I think it's reflective of that continued decline in loans.  The other is – so our deposits were up some 16%. You know, big part of that, we believe is also driven by the fact that the tax payment date was moved to July 15. And so, we should expect a run-off of deposits in the quarter, and therefore, using some assets from that standpoint. So, when you kind of add all that up, we're going to have premium amortization in terms of prepayment. So, we had talked about that being up in the $33 million range this quarter, that's probably going to be close to the upper 30s this next quarter as we see prepayments increase. And then, you know, we've talked about the reinvestment of cash flows from fixed rate loans and securities that have to go on the books at prevailing rates, that component of it cost us $8 billion this past quarter and that's harder to hedge out. So we're fully protected on the short-term moves, but we aren't – we still have some exposure to the reinvestment piece. So, you add all that up and that's where that decline in the NII is coming from.
David Turner: Betsy, I should also point out that, you know, the benefit from our hedge is in the first quarter were about $10 million. What we saw this quarter was about $60 million and the benefit we'll see in the third quarter assuming rates are in the third quarter and beyond all the way for five years is about $95 million. So the hedges, we're very thankful that we have those and that's a big part of us keeping the stability of our NII and resulting core margins.
David Turner: Well, again, it depends on what the regime is. If we end up having an unusual bump in any given quarter, we’ll point that out so that investors understand that. You know if it comes in over time and it's just kind of part of our business, maybe we wouldn't, but right now, it's just so – we don't know what the regime is going to be and when we get further guidance on that we’ll tell everybody and reforecast for you.
David Turner: Sure. So, I assume everybody's looking at the Slide 18, where we have our waterfall and you could see the positive contribution generated from our core engine, our PPNR and then the impact of the dividend. So between those two is 50 basis points to the plus. We did have provision expense that drove that down, as well as our acquisition of Ascentium in the first quarter. So – well, I think we'd all acknowledge we're in some form of stress in the country and we've always said our mathematical calculation would lead us to desiring a common equity Tier 1 of 9% and we’re holding a little excess capital to take advantage of opportunities, which one occurred, Ascentium. And so, you should expect, as you look at that waterfall chart, and again, we don't expect to have a provision at the level we just had. So, we can accrete that capital back pretty quickly, while we also have pretty robust reserves. If you look at our coverage, distress losses now, so you know, we couldn't pick the timing of when that particular transaction hit. We went to [8.9]. We're comfortable where we are, but dividend is not a capital adequacy issue. You can glean that from the DFAST analysis that came through. Now, we're going through some form of a stress test in the fourth quarter and we're not sure exactly what that regime is going to look like. What we do know is that we have, for the third quarter of the dividend limitation on the past four quarters, you know, based on our math, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we'll be recommending to our Board to sustain the dividend in third quarter. As we think about the fourth quarter and the first quarter of next year, we don't know if that regime will continue and we have to suspect that it might. And therefore, we gave you guidance that we believe our dividend is sustainable going out into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter based on our expectations of forecasted earnings. That being said, the two caveats are, let's see what the economy looks like when we prepare the financial statements for September 30 and we'll make, you know, whatever adjustments are necessary. And then, whatever the Federal Reserve and supervisors may do in this fourth quarter analysis, we don't know. So, those are the two caveats, but based on what we can see, we feel good about sustaining the dividend.
David Turner: Yes. So we think we can get there now. It's just – this past quarter, I acknowledge there’s a lot of noise in our numbers and that's why we actually gave you a little better guidance to what to expect going forward. We had some expenses that came through PPP. They weren't particularly material in any of those that were related to loan originations or deferred as part of the fees that we get and would be amortized over the life of the loan. So, I wouldn't expect anything material from that standpoint hit us in the third quarter and going forward.
David Turner: So Peter, we – you know, as we lay down our prepared comments, we have a unique benefit of our forward starting hedges that we had put in place a couple of years ago, but they didn't become effective until the first quarter of this year for a piece of them. The second quarter had another piece, and then the third quarter, there's one more step up and you can see that in a chart that we put in the slide deck. Because that benefit wasn't in our run rate, we don't believe we got full benefit of that in our PPNR estimation in that last DFAST. As a matter of fact, our PPNR, which we believe should outperform our peer group, in that test it was in the middle of the peers, it was a median [part of] the peer group. So we're in – having discussions on how that can be reviewed by them differently. Obviously, we're going to go through some form of a stress test this fourth quarter. They'll have the knowledge [indiscernible] of our derivatives and how they come into to protect our PPNR in the stressful times, especially in the low-rate environment. So let's see what happens as they continue to evaluate both the SCB, so it’s a preliminary SCB. The final won't be out until August 31. And then, on top of that, we'll have the fourth quarter stress test of some type.
David Turner: Well, let me start with your back part of the question, and Barb will answer the first part. So the way CECL works is we're supposed to reserve for all losses in the portfolio at the balance sheet date based on all the factors that are – that we can observe, economic indicators and the like. You know, and so, if we do that right and portfolio – the economy doesn't change, there's no degradation in the credit metrics, loans aren't growing, then you wouldn't expect to have provision – you can't have provision necessarily equal to charge-offs. It's kind of whatever it takes to get the reserve to the level it needs to be at the balance sheet date. So, right now, you know, we think we have it all. But as we did in the first quarter, the caveat we gave you then, we're going to give to you now. We don't know what the economy is going to look like at September 30, but based on what we do know, you know, even subsequent to closing the books, the economy hadn't degraded materially from [where we were when] we set the reserves. So, you know, we're feeling better about that going into the third quarter, which is different than going into the second. So, Barb, you want to answer the…
David Turner: Georgia, this is David. I'll start with the first part. So loans go onto forbearance, we still accrue interest unless that loan was already on non-accrual status or it had – it didn't have the ability to pay all of its principal and its contractual principal and interest, which case, any payments that we were to receive, we actually write down the principal balance, that's our accounting policy. So for the most part, this type of forbearance that you're seeing, you can see the performance where people are still making their payments, but even if they're not, and they're not on nonaccrual we are in fact accruing interest on those. You want to talk about second part.
David Turner: This David, I hate to pile on this, but it is important that people understand that. We are – because you are given leeway on forbearance from a regulatory standpoint. If we believe that needs to be rich graded a certain way we're doing that. So that's why you shouldn't see a cliff effect, regardless of what the Fed says about how we can treat loans or TDRs or anything. We're calling that independent – independently.
David Turner: Yes, so we still have that as our long-term goal to get our efficiency ratio down into the mid-50s and then when we get there we are going to be pushing it even harder. So, we have a little bit of volatility obviously in our revenue given changing rate environment, we'll have a little bit of pressure on NII as we've mentioned just a minute ago, for the next quarter, but when you have challenges on revenue, then you have to go back and work on expenses. And that's part of our program. So, while you may see that percentage change a bit, any good quarter to quarter, I think where we are right now is sustainable over time and perhaps working that way down over time as we as we continue to work on expenses and the benefits from further hedges that actually come into force and the third quarter will help us from a revenue standpoint.
