David Turner: So as we mentioned in the prepared comments, the growth will -- we should experience actually be more in the business services side. On the consumer side, we're going to continue to have our runoff of our indirect auto portfolio that will put pressure on total balances. We have made some shift in terms of our indirect to other consumer you saw that in the fourth quarter. That'll continue somewhat in the first part of the year, and then we kind of get to our concentration limit after the first quarter or so. So you shouldn't see that continue to grow at the same pace that you saw it in the fourth quarter throughout the year. We are going to continue to grow residential mortgage. We are going to continue to grow our credit card book some as well, those will be the big drivers of consumer. But net-net, total consumer will be relatively stable if you carve out the runoff portfolio. So the growth that we're trying to send the message really is going to come in primarily in the C&I area.
David Turner: Jennifer, this is David. So we had 40 to 50 basis points last year. We've raised it slightly 45 to 55, acknowledging couple of different things. One, if you look at last couple of quarters, we're at 44 and 46. We also see some normalization of credit, especially on the consumer side. We also, as Erika just mentioned, some shift in terms of consumer lending into other higher loss categories. We feel good about that, because we're getting paid for the risk that we take. But if you're just looking at the charge off number in isolation, it will be up perhaps slightly. So we didn't think that -- that's really not signalling any broad deterioration in credit whatsoever.
David Turner: Yes, I think the best way -- so when you see what everybody else comes up within CECL clearly, the type of lending that you have your portfolio mix makes a big difference. Consumer long-dated assets, duration assets have a much higher CECL reserve to that. As you think about CECL for day two, the first thing you ought to think about is what's the charge off expectations and Jennifer just brought that up from that, then you look at loan growth. What we told you was, on an absolute basis, our loans would be flat on an adjusted basis, they would be up a bit, so not a lot of change there. Then you have to think through the mix, what are you growing versus what's running off. And so we'll give you some better clarity on that at a later day. So we don't see a big change in CECL this particular year, because we don't currently forecast a change in the economic outlook. And that's something that all of us need to be aware of is when you forecast the change in economic outlook, they can cause a little bit of volatility in provisioning. So those are really the key pieces that I think you should consider as you try to model the provision for next year.
David Turner: Yes. So Peter, we were very pleased with our growth in the year for non-interest revenue, in particular in the fourth quarter. If you take our top three categories, those were really driven by continued growth in customers. So growing customer checking accounts, growing operating accounts, growing customers from the wealth standpoint, those were critically important to us and we feel good about that. We've hired additional personnel during 2019. It will help us to continue to grow customer accounts. As you look at mortgage, mortgage had a really good year this year. It will be hard to repeat that for all of 2020, but mortgage will be a big contributor to non-interest revenue and we feel good about where we are there. Capital markets had a really strong fourth quarter. We've mentioned to you before that that business has been about $45 million to $55 million revenue per quarter business. We think that that number is really in the kind of $50 million to $60 million business for us now. So we think relative to 2019, capital markets should have some nice growth. It got off to a pretty slow start in '19. We think it's going to get out to nice start in '20 based on the backlog of business that we see. So when you add that all up, we have pretty good confidence that we're going to have nice growth in non-interest revenue. And frankly, that is one of the key drivers of why we're committed to, and believe we will generate positive operating leverage in a challenging rate environment for 2020.
David Turner: Out beta for this past quarter was about 28%, that's a little lower than our cumulative beta. And our cumulative beta is about 27% this down cycle. And that's slightly below what saw in the upgrade cycle. And as a result of that, we think there's -- if we stay flat here and there's no movement, which we don't expect much movement from the Fed, we would continue to have deposit costs come down some more, probably not at the rate that you've seen. But I think there is incremental continued benefit there. And again, that's part of our margin guidance that we've given you too that we think the margin can expand along with the hedging program that we have that margin would expand a bit in 2020.
David Turner: So Matt, we have been extremely deliberate in allocating capital to those relationships to give us a appropriate risk adjusted return, because at the end of the day that's what we think really is what our investors want us to do with the capital, not just to grow but to grow appropriately, to grow with the right return. And just an example, this year we recycled $2 billion worth of credit out of our Corporate Banking Group that we could have had. We could add an additional $2 billion for the loan growth. It has been a suboptimal return. These are customers that we seek to sell and offer more of our banking services. So we had a full relationship with great returns. And when we can't get back, when it comes up for renewal, we let it go. And so we're going to stick to that. Now that being said, as you think about loan growth for us for the short and long term, is we should be GDP plus a little bit. Our expectation for GDP this coming year is of slightly under 2%, as a matter of fact, its 1.8 in our estimate. So we have low single digits loan growth expectations for, on an adjusted basis, for 2020. And it's because if we try to push too hard past GDP, we think you make a bad credit decision. So we're going to be incredibly disciplined. We realized we need to grow. We're all about that, growing earnings, growing revenue and return. And so it's all of the delicate balance and how we do that appropriately.
David Turner: Well, yes, a few questions to that. Let me see if I can break it down. So the 170 relative to others, you really -- the mix is hugely important. I suspect when we get to providing more granular disclosures by loan type and breaking that down so that you will have a better gauge as to what new production would cost and what benefits you might get for run off of loan portfolio. So we don't -- we tried to get this right. We've tightened up the range quite a bit 500 and 530. That's again to our 1.1% reserve today, which includes the reserve for unfunded commitments to 1.70. So I think that you're going to need some incremental disclosures to help you on a go forward basis, we'll be providing that to you at a later point. But we think the reserve that we have for CECL is pretty appropriate, and we didn't do anything to be overly conservative or otherwise. We just did what we thought the standard call for we're moving forward. We'll all learn a little bit from each other as we go through the year. And we'll be making decisions on how that might affect our business, and production, and pricing going forward.
David Turner: Yes, I think for the time being as I was trying to get to that point earlier, is if you think about provisioning for 2020, the first thing you ought to think about is what's your charge-off expectations for us next year. Then what is the loan growth, net loan growth expectation for us next year. We've given you guidance that says our net loans will be flat. We'll grow on an adjusted basis but we have our run off of our vehicle portfolio that will be working against balances there. And then your third -- and so the third component would be what are you growing. The mix makes a difference and we'll give you some more granular data later to help you there. And then what's your expectation of the economic outlook from quarter-to-quarter. And that could be -- that could change. And we think the economy is going to be fairly stable this year, that's our going in thought, but that can change. And so those are the roughly four pieces that you need to have in terms of projecting CECL provisioning.
David Turner: Well, let say if I can help you there. So let's take that big component. So NII, which is two-thirds of our revenue, it'd be very hard to grow that this year with the low single digit loan growth on adjusted basis that we have given you and that's just a mere rate play. The first half of '19, rates being up off the December '18 rate increase would be hard to replicate. And then for the other third of our revenue, NII, we've given you a little bit of guidance in terms of what you can model. We feel good about that growth. From an expense standpoint, we said we'd be very relatively stable, from an expense standpoint. And if you add all three of those up, we will generate positive operating leverage. So I think we've been reasonably explicit in terms of how do we get there being with the numbers from that standpoint.
David Turner: So it's always a good question on capital. Just to reiterate how we think about utilization of the capital we generated. So first off, we're getting close to our target we laid out 9.6% common equity Tier 1 today estimated on our current target of 9.5%. As we've mentioned before that has 50 basis points of the management buffer our quantitative calculations that would lead us to believe we need about 9% common equity Tier 1. As we think about, first and foremost, our capital is there for us to grow appropriately, organically, in particular. And so we have low single digit loan growth expectations and you can do some quick math and see we'll use a little bit of capital from that standpoint. We've targeted that 35% to 45% of our earnings to go and be paid to our shareholders in the form of a dividend, so you have that piece. We have from time-to-time done some bolt-on acquisitions, those use capital than been today have done, but it's certainly something. If we see opportunity, John just talked about we look at different things from time-to-time. And if we can deploy that capital in a meaningful manner that helps us grow our long term business, we'll do so. And then frankly, the last thing we do is share repurchases. We are crazy about doing share repurchases but we also don't want to continue to have excess capital. So if we can't deploy it in a meaningful manner through organic loan growth, bolt-on acquisitions then we'll give that back to the shareholder in the form of share repurchases like we've done this past several years. So I think those are the pieces that you need to have.
David Turner: Yes, Gerard, we kind of go through stress test all time internally, it's just this is one that we have to fill out form and go through the review process with our regulatory supervisors. And we are awaiting the instructions for that and we're looking to see if there are any changes. There's an article I think this morning or yesterday, I can't remember in the banker, regarding expectations for some changes in CCGR for this year. Things like if you are in stress, do you have to continue with anticipated share repurchases at the same pace in a stress environment. I mean, that's something we would not do. So we are hoping that gets changed in the rules, or would we continue to grow the portfolio at the same pace that we are now if we're in the stressed environment. So those are the two pretty big and important things that we're hoping might get changed in the rules. But other than that, understanding what losses are, I mean, this is a good exercise for the industry for us individually and for our regulatory supervisors. And so, we are ready to go and we will be submitting that plan in first part of April.
John Turner: But Erika, I would say, we are actively observing what's going on in the market, looking for opportunities. We're evaluating different opportunities that may come along. Clearly, we shifted our exposure from the GreenSky relationship to increasing our exposure through SoFi that is largely result the fact that SoFi as originating loans directly to consumers versus indirectly, which was GreenSky model, we like that better. We're learning more about SoFi and the portfolio that we have. And I think you can expect us to continue explore ways, other ways to grow consumer loans over the next year.
John Turner: Well, I'd say that we said consistently that we and David reiterated this that we want to grow with the economy plus a little, recognizing that while the markets we're in are good growth markets. They're also markets that historically have demonstrated a fair amount of volatility. And so it's important to us that we stay disciplined, as David said, focused on appropriate allocation of capital and we think growing with the economy plus a little is the right place for us medium term and longer term.
John Turner: Good morning Gerard. Gerard you might be on mute. Okay, why don't we go to the next question, we lost Gerard.
John Turner: Yes, I would underscore the point, John. That includes our continued investments in talent, in markets and in technology. We're not adjusting our budgets at all and we believe we can continue to deliver stable expenses year-over-year.
John Turner: I mean, we continue to look at opportunities, whether it'd be investments in capital markets capabilities, wealth management, buying more servicing rights, not a great time to do that today, but we're still looking. There are other capabilities, potentially that we have some interest and we look at loan portfolios from time-to-time. And those are things that we'll continue to do, as we think about how we invest in the excess capital we have in other parts of our business that will help us grow over time.
John Turner: The only thing I would add to that is that specifically to your question, I think what I most consistently hear from bankers is loan to value. So our willingness to provide as much capital as a customer may want -- it tends to be the differentiator. As an example, we may want to own 60% loan to value on our project than the customers can get 65% or 70% from someone else. So that's a function of variety of factors but it tends to be the most significant differentiator is in today's marketplace.
John Turner: So I'll close by again thanking our 19,000 plus associates for all their efforts in 2019 on behalf of our customers. And thank you all who participated in the call today for the interest in our company. Have a good day.
