John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $465 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.49. And while we have some unusual items in our results this quarter, our core performance remains strong, and we continue to have one of the best return on average tangible common equity ratios in our peer group at 21%.  During the quarter, we continued to experience elevated levels of check-related fraud. Our third quarter results reflect an incremental $53 million in losses stemming from a second fraud scheme, which also began in the second quarter, but was unknown to us at the time. This scheme manifested itself in delayed returns, and as a result, has had a much longer tail. After adjusting our countermeasures to identify potential fraud instances more quickly, the volume of new fraud claims has slowed. Although difficult to project, based on what we know today, we expect quarterly fraud losses to come down significantly and to be approximately $25 million in the fourth quarter.  Based upon the increases we are seeing in check fraud across the industry, in fact, based on data we have, we indicate losses are up about 40% year-over-year. We expect future fraud losses to normalize in the $25 million per quarter range in 2024. Although the industry faces headwinds from lingering economic and regulatory uncertainty, we continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet with solid capital, robust liquidity, and prudent credit risk management. Our proactive hedging strategies have positioned us for success in any interest rate environment. And our granular deposit base and relationship banking approach continue to serve us well.  We spent over a decade de-risking our balance sheet and are well positioned to manage the proposed regulatory changes without significant impact to our business model. We remain committed to appropriate risk-adjusted returns, and now is not the time to stretch for growth.  We are focused on supporting existing customers where we have a relationship and a proven history. We have a great team with a proven track record of executing our strategy with focus and discipline. I'm confident in our ability to adapt to the changing regulatory and economic landscape, while continuing to generate top quartile returns through the cycle.  Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter. 
John Turner: Maybe I'll speak to that. With respect to office, we've got about $1.6 billion in outstandings. To David's point, that represents some decline, pay downs, refinances over the course of the last quarter.  As we said before, about 39% of that portfolio is in credits direct to single-tenant credits, and the bulk of that is to investment-grade quality tenants. The balance of our exposure, 61-plus percent are in multi-tenant credits, 63% of that is in the Sunbelt market, 92% is Class A, we have in total about 100 borrowers. So we are very much on top of the portfolio, having ongoing conversations with customers.  About 50% of our exposure matures this year and in 2024, so we're actively working that. One of the, I think, good signs about the portfolio is that sponsors have contributed over the course of the last couple of quarters, over $150 million to the projects. Most of them are unguaranteed. So those are commitments that sponsors are making to the continued renewal extension of those projects, the right sizing of them. And as a consequence, we feel good about our office exposure. We have one non-accrual, and that credit has been renegotiated and is paying as agreed currently.  With respect to – yeah… [Multiple Speakers]
John Turner: Yeah, the rest of the portfolio, we did see some uptick in non-accruals. As David said, we're still guiding to 35 to 45 basis points of loss in 2024. We feel good about that. I think the portfolio is performing as we expected, as it normalizes, and that's occurring.  Within EnerBank, we have a specific program that was associated with a single vendor, and it effectively was what I'll call kind of a buy now, pay later program, where the customer entered into an agreement to put solar equipment on their house. There was a period of time when that equipment would be installed on the house. The customer did not make any payments.  We exited that program in October of 2022 just based on our analysis of the risk-adjusted returns associated with it and the profile of the product. It was just not something we wanted to continue.  Well, now we're beginning to see those loans reach a point where customers are having to make payments, and we are experiencing a little higher level of losses. But the losses with EnerBank are still below our expectations for EnerBank in general, and it continues to perform better than – at least consistent with, if not better than we had hoped when we made the acquisition. 
John Turner: I'll just add, Ryan, we've demonstrated I think over time, a commitment to effectively manage expenses, and it's our intention to continue doing that. We realize the importance of it. 
John Turner: So Ebrahim. This is John Turner. Our total exposure I think in multifamily exceeds just above $3 billion. It is a very diverse portfolio spread across 137 total sub markets, some number like that. We are in terms of concentrations, our top five exposures would be in cities that you would recognize; Dallas, Houston, Charlotte, Raleigh, Orlando, Miami, places where we have just historically banked and have a presence.  We don't have any concentrations at all in any of those markets that would exceed. I think one exception would exceed 5%, 6%, so again, good diversity. We are seeing some softening of rents, increasing costs associated with interest costs. About a little over 50% of the portfolio is currently still under construction. So we expect that those construction projects to be completed over the next 24 months to deliver out.  We're not – while we're watching it closely, we really haven't seen any adverse movement within the portfolio to speak of. And again, given the location of our projects which are in suburban markets, given the diversity of the distribution across geographies and the location primarily in the Sunbelt, we feel good about our multifamily portfolio. 
John Turner: I think the answer to your first question is yes, to anything that we're – we feel like we've been through our portfolios, certainly been through the new businesses we've acquired and any products or programs that don't meet our risk and return profiles we've exited.  And in the case of this particular program, as I mentioned, we exited it in 2022. Because of the structure of it, we've only begun to see some results. And frankly, those results probably are consistent with our expectations when we shut the program down.  So we are continuing to always evaluating the performance of our products, of our capabilities, our businesses, our portfolios, to ensure that we're getting an appropriate return on the business that we do, and so I'm pretty comfortable there.  With respect to our guidance of 35 to 45 basis points, in the period of 2014 to 2019, our average charge-offs were 38 basis points. And so I think we still – and we have contemplated, we believe, what we consider to be the probability of a soft landing versus a mild recession in our projections for charge-offs. At this point, still feel good about the 35 to 45 basis points in 2024. 
John Turner: I don't think our deposit base, if anything, is a bit better than the peer group. We don't have anything unique to us that would cause our beta to be higher than anybody else in this rising rate environment. As a matter of fact, we did happen to grow more non-interest bearing deposits during the pandemic than most of our peers and that's being put to work. So that element of it, maybe that piece of it is a bit different. And that's what we called for in the guidance that we've given you, that it would remix into interest bearing accounts.  We still have a low loan deposit ratio. We still have, not wholesale funded. So, I don't think that whatever the beta is in the industry, Regions is going to be better than that. We're already better than that right now with a beta of 34% and the peers are at 49% on a peer median basis right now. So I just don't think that if it's coming to the end, then it'll come to the end for us too. 
John Turner: Yeah. Gerard, this is John. We didn't notice anything specific about the most recent exam. It was broad-based, both with respect to product type and business and geography. 
John Turner: Yes. Across the southeast, which is where 86% of our deposits are in seven southeastern states, we had Texas that goes above 90%. We're still seeing a pretty strong economy, and seven of the eight southeastern states that we would point to, unemployment rates are at or near historical lows. Customers are still – consumers are still in a very good position. There's plenty of work. There are routinely economic development projects, new jobs being announced across markets; Alabama, Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, Mississippi. Of course, Texas is continuing to do really well.  So I'd say customer sentiment is still positive, but cautious given all the things that are going on, both the national and international geopolitical level. But customers are – businesses are still doing pretty well, and the consumer definitely is. 
John Turner: I think the biggest thing is the Federal Reserve and the Fed making a declaration that inflation is now under control and that they are not going to continue to raise rates, don't have to continue to raise rates. I think sending that message and creating a sense that the environment is more stable than others might, business owners may feel today would be hugely helpful.  With respect to what's going on on the national level, politically, I don't know that I have an answer for you there, and I don't expect that to change any time in the near term. 
John Turner: Okay. That's all the callers for today. I appreciate your participating. Thank you. I'll just say it has been an unusual quarter. Had a number of things going on but at the core our business is really sound and solid. We have spent the last 10 years working to build a balance sheet and income statement that's going to be consistently performing, sustainable and resilient. We believe we've done that. We have a lot of confidence in our future performance and appreciate your support. Thank you. 
David Turner: Yes. Hey Scott. This is David. So you're right. You will see some pressure in the fourth quarter in particular as we see continued remixing of non-interest bearing deposits going into interest bearing, given higher for longer rates. And due to the fact that we have $3 billion of notional interest rate swaps that become live in the fourth quarter, that alone cost about $20 million in NII. So you'll see an adjustment, not as big as you just saw relative to net interest margin decline, but you'll see some decline in the fourth quarter.  When we get to the third quarter, while we do have an additional $2.5 billion of interest rate swaps that become live then, we think the remixing will start slowing. We think there is somewhere between $3 billion and $5 billion worth of remixing of non-interest bearing deposits into interest bearing, and that's going back into study in our consumers in particular, and how much they had in their accounts relative to their spend. And where that $3 billion to $5 billion gets you back to where they were from a pre-pandemic standpoint.  So we have confidence that we should see this starting to slow after the fourth quarter. There'll be, like I said, a little pressure in the first quarter because of the new derivatives coming on. That number will affect us about $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter, then we don't have any more after that. So we start stabilizing from there. When we get to the second half of the year, we can start to grow.  If I kind of cut to the chase on the end game, we think after all is said and done, we can support – our margin should bottom out around $3.50, perhaps a bit higher than that. So you're not going to see the kind – you can't take the change that you just saw and continue to extrapolate that all the way through the end of the second quarter. You'll have a bigger change in the fourth, a smaller change in the first and negligible change in the second quarter.  So the balance sheet, what's important in all that is the balance sheet continues to re-price. We have about $15 billion worth of fixed rate securities and loans that re-priced. And the front book, back book impacts are about 250 basis points and we continue to have had that. The problem is it's been overwhelmed by the move of non-interest bearing deposits into interest bearing. And as I just mentioned, that should start to slow. And so I think, again, our margin bottoming out, kind of in that $3.50 just slightly better than that, is really the relevant point here. 
David Turner: Yeah, I think so what's baked into what I just told you is that we would have a beta through the end of this year pushing on 40%, maybe a little underneath that. And then we go into perhaps the mid-40s into next year. And again, that's considering higher for longer. It starts to slow there, again, because we don't have as much moving out of non-interest bearing into interest bearing. So I think the – again, if we have rates even that continue to go up, we're slightly asset sensitive, and the re-pricing of our balance sheet starts to overwhelm the deposit moves, and I think that's a piece that people might not be picking up on. 
David Turner: So yeah, I think that we'll see some increase. So, let's keep the GreenSky piece out, because that's going to be noise. We kind of announced that separate. Go back to kind of core charge-offs, we said it would be slightly higher than 35. Call that a couple of points, maybe 37, which implies a fourth quarter in that 40 basis point charge-off range.  We will continue to see elevated charge-offs coming through EnerBank, for which we provided this past quarter, relative to our program that we discontinued, and so we'll see that for a quarter or two, and that's factored into the guidance that we've given you.  From an office standpoint, our office continues to decline. Even in October, I think we put that in our notes. 
David Turner: Yeah. So, let me answer the second question first. So the $25 million per quarter is slightly higher than our historical run rate. Fraud has increased dramatically in the industry. We seem to be the ones calling out. It's hit us very hard.  To your first question, this was a different scheme this time than what we've reported on last quarter. And unfortunately, this scheme that they had, you don't know about until the banks on which the checks are written notify you that that's not a good item, and it takes about 50 to 60 days before you know that.  We can look at when events occurred, and we can kind of see a pattern where we feel reasonably confident that we're not going to see that kind of increase going forward from the schemes that we've seen. And of course, we're putting in new controls, we're putting in new technology, and it's very disappointing.  We have the 25 John, a bit higher. Call it $5 million higher than we historically have had, because this is just a big deal in the industry and so we want to be a bit conservative. We'll give you better guidance on expenses, including fraud, when we get to reporting on 2024 expectations later, but – so it's a tad higher, but. 
David Turner: Sure. So we won't talk about our relationships with our regulators, but fraud is our issue. If we have to have our regulators tell us what to do with regards to fraud or anything else, we've probably already missed that boat. So it's not a – that's not an issue.  We're highly disappointed in it. We're working hard. We have found some people that have committed fraud. They've been put in jail. But it's again, the industry report we saw is up from $17 billion in ‘22 to $25 billion of fraud in ‘24 thus far. So it's – and ‘23, sorry. So it's affecting all of us, but it seems to have gotten us at a kind of concentrated in these two quarters. And again, I feel confident we put in controls and we'll be putting in more and monitoring it going forward.  Relative to capital, yeah, so we're at 10.3 on common equity tier one. We now have seen the Basel-III end-game proposal. We'll be going through and providing our comment letter on that, as well as that NPR. We feel confident in kind of where we are relative to that and the implementation timeframe. Hopefully we get a bit of reprieve on that. But even if we didn't, we feel that we're in a good place to be able to implement that without too much harm, and there's no need for us to continue to let our capital to continue to increase.  We accrete 20, 30 basis points of capital every quarter. So if we did nothing, we would be pushing on 10.6, that's just higher than we need. And so we think we can enter into buybacks as soon as we get out of the blackout period. And what we left in our comments was we would operate close around that 10% CET1 number. 
David Turner: Yeah, you were breaking up there a little bit, but I think you were saying, what are we seeing in terms of movement of NIB into CDs?  So that's been the big change thus far for us. I think our CDs are right at 10%, just under 10% of our book, of our total deposit book. That could grow. We do have money market offers that we're working on. We want to be competitive.  This remix has been really relegated to high net worth customers that are taking excess cash and putting it to work. And the reason we think that that remix is somewhere in the three to five to go is because that customer base gets down to having the amount of cash in their account relative to the spin pattern that they had pre-pandemic. And so I think that happens by the end of next year – I mean, the middle of next year.  As we think about where CD balances could be as a percentage of total deposits, maybe you pick up another 2% or 3% through that remix. And it really is dependent on how we think about other offers, money market, and we're working on that. So there could be some mix in terms of how that 3% to 5% gets put to work, but specific to CDs, 2% to 3%. 
David Turner: Yeah, I think from a fee standpoint, let's break down the two big pieces. So our service charge number relative to our 24 hour grace, that was implemented in the middle of the second quarter. So we have a full quarter run rate on that. We don't see that changing materially. We've been very proud of our treasury management team. They have done a good job of penetrating our commercial base and we’re seeing that hold up pretty well. So I don't think you should see the kind of decline in service charges that you just saw.  The only thing that can affect us in fees would be, there's a discussion going on with debit interchange and there's been percentages thrown out as to what that may mean just to level set with everybody. We have about $310 million of debit per year. So whatever percentage change we have, you can do your own math on that. We're not sure that that will even come out, but that's been mentioned and so we thought -- I thought I'd just put that out there. 
David Turner: Sure. So as you know, we do an awful lot of stress testing. We do it constantly. We have our CCAR submission. We have a midyear submission. We feel very confident that even if we go into a recession, which we are not calling for, but even if we did, that we'd have capital to withstand that.  So, it's all about optimization Ken, and we think that – we still believe our operating range of 925 to 975 is the right range for regions based on our risk profile.  That being said, we've had an NPR. We have uncertainty going on. So we added 50 basis points to give us the flexibility to adapt and overcome whatever environment is thrown at us. We don't see the need to take 10.3 and let it ride up to 10.6, 10.9 and keep going and so that's what gives us confidence.  We don't have a big CRE book like others do. We don't have the risk that some others do. And we have a very good engine. Our PPNR engine is among the strongest because of our deposit profile that we have. And so we have confidence that our earnings stream is going to get us where we need to be, and we think that we have enough capital right now. So if we generate more, we can buy our stock back. 
David Turner: We’ve not given any guidance. You've done pretty well. You're understanding exactly how this works in terms of a bigger down draft in the fourth quarter than you'll see in the first part of the year and then be able to grow from there. So directionally, you're exactly right. 
David Turner: I would add. This is David, that if you think about recessions, probably if it comes, it would be, we think, fairly mild. As we look at consumers and we look at them through the checking account and activity going in there. We look at businesses; we talk to our business partners all the time. Businesses and consumers are in pretty good shape and in particular for the consumer, if you look at housing prices, those continue to remain strong. And a lot of our lending, if you will, in the consumer space is tied to the house, to the home.  So I think that we have a bit of a buffer, and going back to the history that John just mentioned, the 38 basis points between ‘14 and ‘19 gives us confidence that even if we did that, we'd be in that range.
David Turner: Yes, so we still have, again, a very liquid balance sheet access to that. We maintain a good cash position right now. We haven't added to our securities book as much as some others. We think to the extent LCR comes in, we'll be able to be compliant with that without any major changes to our structure of our balance sheet.
Gerard Cassidy: Hey, John. Hey, David. David, can we circle back to the Shared National Credit exam? I'm curious. Obviously, it's changed over the years, and if I recall correctly, they examined those books both in the spring and the fall, which you referenced. And we'll get the results early in February or sometime in February.  But can you share with us any color, like, what was the emphasis? Was it on leverage loans? Was it on office commercial real estate? Was there greater stress in certain markets over others? Just any elaboration would be helpful. 
Gerard Cassidy: Very good. And then you guys touched a little bit about the economy in your markets. You give us, obviously, the forecast you use and building out CECL reserves. What are you guys seeing down there? There's so many cross-currents going on in the national numbers. Still, I'm assuming there's strength. There's employment strength. There's business strength. Any color there would be helpful as well. 
Gerard Cassidy: Actually, John, just to follow-up quickly there, and putting the geopolitical international issues on the side for a moment, do you have any sense what the customers are looking for to give them more confidence? Is it a Fed finishing with interest rates, raising interest rates that we get to that terminal rate or is it better – the better budgeting out of Washington?  Because we hear this from your peers as well, so it's not uncommon. But we’re – I'm trying to figure out what the catalyst will be where businesses really get confident again. 
