Bill Wells: Thanks, David. Starting with slide 12, let's begin on revealing non-performing asset migrations. We expect non-performing assets to peak in the second quarter and decline thereafter. In fact, internally risk rated problem loans have declined late quarter, which is the first time that has happened since the end of 2006. This decline comes after considerable effort over the past year to improve the discipline and consistency of our risk rating across the franchise. This foundational component is how we manage our portfolio strategy as well as the loan loss reserve. Based on sharp and continued recent declines of internally risk rated problem asset migration, which is the source of future non-performing loan formation, we feel confident that absolute levels of non-performing assets will peak in the second quarter. The land, condos, single-family grouping, which we have traditionally called homebuilder and condo, is still a driver of in-flows, but continues to decline. The performance of income-producing property loans has remained relativity stable as compared to last quarter. Results of our pro-active disposition program, detailed on slide 13, helped drive down the NPA migration. During the first quarter we recorded problem asset dispositions totaling $689 million, which included $87 million of non-performing loans moved to held for sale. Continuing the trend, discount on problem loan sales and loans that were mark-to-market improved this quarter to 23% on average as compared to 29% last quarter. This reflects a combination of an improved market for loan sales as well as that focused on strategic bars, rather than bulk sales. As illustrated in the chart, over the last six quarters, we have disposed of $3.4 billion of problem assets. Now, turning to charge offs. Our risk management strategy has been to confront issues early and accelerate the disposition of problem assets, primarily those secured by investor real estate and take losses as soon as possible. Partially, as a result of this strategy, charge offs have remained relativity stable as seen on slide 14 to the last three quarters and should begin to moderate as of second half of 2010. Within total charge offs, business service losses were driven by lower valuation charges of $198 million in the first quarter versus $215 million in the fourth. Despite continued unemployment, consumer losses remained relativity stable, increasing just $5 million late quarter. Finally, the cost of non-performing loans sales in March dropped $5 million from the last quarter. We sold more for less. Let me put net charge offs in terms of progress against the stress test, which is you might remember I said $9.2 million in combined losses for 2009 and 2010. Through bank quarters of the eight quarter stress test term, our losses represent 51% of the $5.75 billion projected in the supervisory capital assessment program. Said in different way, we're about two-thirds for the stress test period and only experienced a third of the losses. We continue to believe the guidance we gave quite a while ago in our investor day in July of 2009 still holds that we will be somewhat here at the midpoint of our $3.4 billion to $5.9 billion two-year loss range. The primary reason for the difference is that investor commercial real estate, while very stressed has not deposit as rapidly or with the long severity originally projected in the stress test. On slide 15 as an update on our troubles at restructurings, these balances declined $302 million from the fourth quarter. As you may know, if TDRs performed as a new term for a six-month period crossover at year-end and yield the market right, they can be removed from the TDR classification. This was the driver of our late quarter decline. An important point to note is that 92% of rated TDRs are consumer real estate loan. In addition, 96% of all consumer TDRs are accruing interest. Nearly all of our consumer TDRs are a function of our pro-active customer assistance program, which has been beneficial to Regions and our customers alike. Of note, Regions' (inaudible) right is very low. And our foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. Slide 16 points toward further improvement for 2010. A de-risking of the portfolio has occurred and evidenced by the reduction of our land, homebuilder, condominium, and overall real – investor real estate portfolios. Additionally, the construction loan portfolio has been reduced from $9 billion at the beginning of 2009 to currently at $4.7 billion. All of this de-risking has resulted in the decline of problem loans based on our internal risk rating. Given what we know today, we reaffirm our investor day, July 2009 guidance, and expect NPAs and charge offs to peak by the end of the second quarter and decline thereafter. Based on all of the above, we expect no further reserve bill on the second half of the year. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Grayson for closing comments.
Bill Wells: First, we had a record sale of disposing of problem assets – it was about $600 million, compared to about $500 million last quarter. One of the things that we have seen is that there's more liquidity coming back to the market. In fact, because of – we have a very centralized, disciplined process – buyers are actually coming to us because they know that they can get a quick decision. As far as additional marks, we think that when we go through the selling process, we identify what those marks would be. It's very positive this quarter where we've moved from last quarter with 29% discount to 23% discount. And so you start to see the marks getting better. Sales continue to be strong. We had a good pipeline. Going over quarter-end, we continue to sell. And we think that it's going to be another good quarter for us.
Bill Wells: What we've gone from last year talking about the rise and the problems, we're talking about pace and depth of decline, which to me is pretty positive. And for us at risk, we want to pause there and understand that we're talking about that. I'll tell you – what we've seen is it's going to be a continuous part of our ability to dispose of problem assets. But also, where we think we'll have a tremendous opportunity is ability to restructure credit (inaudible) too. So with a combination of sales and restructuring and what we've seen coming through our pipeline, we think that we're going to continue to see positive results before we see where our problem assets are.
Bill Wells: Yes, I'll speak to that. What you have to do is also go back as you mentioned that, we peaked and grossed non-performing asset migration at $1.8 billion in the second quarter of 2009. And you've seen it come down quarter after quarter. A couple of things, again as David has mentioned, it's moving in the right direction. I think you have to always say, look at when you combine two large banks located in the south, you had a large real estate exposure. So with that, it's taken us time to work through. That's why we've been very aggressive in our disposition program. But what I'd also say, truth is when you look at our – we look at our internal pipeline, non-performing assets migration, we start to see that come down even more. The other thing I would say is, when you keep these two things in mind when you look at it, look at our payments that we've had on non-accrual loans that went up quarter-over-quarter based from about $88 million to about $128 million. So you're still handling a good (inaudible) of payments coming in, so I think you're still wrestling around with a little bit of this performing, non-performing issue, which we think we'll continue to resolve. And then the upside, which we continue to say for our company, is the ability to restructure credit. You'll start to see that formation, I believe, come down at a more rapid rate.
Bill Wells: We have not – I could calculate that real quick. I don't have that particular number. We'll work on that and get that back to you, Ken.Ken Usdin – Bank of America: Okay. I’m just probably wondering how much of that might be the improvement that you expect in the margin over time versus the improvement in rates.
Grayson Hall: Thank you, Bill. And to wrap up, let me say here clearly that we're not satisfied with first quarter bottom line. While we are encouraged and we do believe the company is headed in the right direction, and the right steps are being taken to restore profitability. I have high expectation for Regions. And I'm committed to delivering for our customers, employees, and shareholders. We have a strong franchise, with a good online businesses, set of fundamentals as evidenced by this quarter's results. To reiterate, we continue to see record account deposit growth. Our net interest margin is expanding. Operating costs are declining, all leading to higher pre-tax, pre-provision net revenue. My focus, along with the entire management team, remains on realizing Regions' long-term earnings potential. I thank you for your time. And with that, operator, we'll now open the floor for questions.
Grayson Hall: Yes, Matthew. We're spending a lot of time talking about the trajectory of that improvement. I mean, clearly we're starting to see the metrics turn and that improvement is forthcoming. I think your question is an excellent question – is what is the pace of that improvement? I think a lot of that is going to depend on the amount of economic clarity we get in the economy over the next few months.
Grayson Hall: I think the question that you're asking is one that I think is a good question because when you look at our earning asset growth, we've made a very strategic decision to reduce our investor commercial real estate portfolio, which is used as it stands today at a lower $20 billion at quarter-end. The pace at which we've been able to reduce that portfolio has exceeded our internal expectations. We're very encouraged by how we've been able to execute on that strategy. It is declining a little faster than we had anticipated. All of that is good news. The second part is that it was our full intention to grow other lending product types at a pace that would offset that contraction in investor commercial real estate. I do think that what you see when you look at our lending activities that we have been able to keep commitments to our costumers very high. They've been very stable. Our commitments continue to expand and will continue to add costumers to each and every week. Unfortunately, utilization rates have continued to fall through all of last year. The good news is they have stabilized or appear to have stabilized at this juncture. And we got an opportunity to grow on earning assets going forward. I do think, when you look at non-interest expense, the non-interest expense growth has been – has been largely due to credit-related, recession-related expenses. Our core expenses in terms of expenses that are being spent in our business units with our producers on the frontline, we've continued to manage those expenses down and feel very good about the lower operating efficiency that we'll be able to demonstrate once this credit starts to moderates. But this quarter, we saw some moderation in those expenses. The more of these problem assets we can move off the books, the less carrying costs we have with them. And so, we think once this trend line starts to improve, you are going to see our expenses really start to demonstrate what we've done to the company.
Grayson Hall: And also, those accounts have not been sold. They’ve been moved back into an accruing status because they have been current for six months. They did cross at fiscal year-end.
Grayson Hall: I’ll have David validate this, just to make sure you have absolutely the right answer out there. But it’s approximately four basis points this quarter, a quarter. And as they did, it is absolutely has accredited to our margin improvement. When credit improves, then obviously that’s going to be a favorable movement on the part of our loan yields and our margin.Ken Usdin – Bank of America: Okay. Great. And then the second question is just can you just give us an update with all things surroundings capital and TARP, and your just thought process. I know obviously there’s a lot to be settled as far as where rate – where we have to sit on ratios and such. But can you just give us an update on your thought process there, please. Thanks.
Grayson Hall: And I will reiterate our position on park repayment really has not changed at all. We continue to say this, not a former capital. And we’d like to rebate. That being said, we want to do it in a patient and prudent manner, and repay in a shareholder friendly manner as possible. We can continue to work cooperatively with our regulators and continue to look at our internal loss projections. And we want to repay when it makes sense and when both we and our regulators have confidence in that plan. And so we haven’t changed that, that has been our story for the past couple of quarters. I’ll let David state more specifically to our capital ratios and our thought process there.
Grayson Hall: And every quarter that goes by that clarity improves.Ken Usdin – Bank of America: Great. Thanks very much.
Grayson Hall: Yes, absolutely. We're seeing strong loan growth in places like asset base lending, in consumer auto. We are trying to expand our growth in the vulnerable like health care, transportation, technology. But we’re going to have to work very diligently to grow other categories of loan that passionate phase to offset the reduction of investment commercial real estate.
Grayson Hall: This is Grayson. Absolutely, a few moments goes. Someone asked the question about the pace of improvement in our credit metrics. And that's going to drive that question. We've got a very disciplined, very robust process around loss projections and our allowance methodology to support those loss projections. We don’t say this when around that. As the credit metrics improve, clarity around when you stop matching charge-offs on quarterly basis will be self-evident. And we are working closely as a team to make sure we do that the right way. Obviously, that's going to be driven entirely by the pace of improvement and in the credit metrics.
Grayson Hall: Absolutely, we build up a fairly substantial allowance today at 3.61% of total loans. We continue to reserve over and above charge-offs this quarter slightly. We think that we have a very substantial and appropriate reserve today. In our last bill, if you'll sort of speak as to how that’s viewed.
Grayson Hall: Good. But tacitly, we did about $50 million in restructuring in the fourth quarter, did another $55 million this quarter as compared to $500 million in sales in the four – $600 million in sales in the first. And so, the restructuring is still a relatively small percentage of our resolution process. We did what we simply today as we do see it coming in larger part of our resolution process. But we'll feel – we'll still be substantially smaller in our sales activities.Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much.
Grayson Hall: So Chris, I think, obviously, we're trying to monitor the activities that are going on in the markets. The disruptions that have taken place there. From an internal sales standpoint, we think we've taken advantage of a lot of those disruptions to grow our business and to build stronger franchise for the future. We obviously look at those kinds of opportunities strategically. But quite frankly and candidly, our focus is while returning this institution to a position of profitability and sustainable profitability. And so, the normal metrics that we would look at, entertaining some type of transaction are obviously higher today than they would have been historically because we've got – we've got an action plan that we're executing and we're focused on. And that may not include those types of activities in the short term.
David Turner: Craig, this is David. I'll add a couple of things to that. We continue to look at our deposit mix and costs. As I mentioned, we have $10 billion dollars worth of CDs that will be maturing this year. For the remainder of the year, were those are going to be subject to market rates at that time. You can see the industry tidying up and producing funding costs given the lack of loan demand. On the loan side, we've had some very good early indicators of some potential growth on our consumer side as we mentioned from a – from loan growth there. So those two things and a continued focus on expense management will be the case to us continuing with our improvement in DPNR.
David Turner: If you look at the loan yield, a lot of our competitors – if you were to compare our loan portfolio in theirs, a lot of competitors went into this cycle with more fix rate loans than we did. We had a higher percentage of variable rate lending. We did show this quarter, I think, three basis points improvement in our loan yields. Yes, we're re-pricing the consumer books in about a fifth a year, and the commercial books at about a third a year. It's a slower process. We had relatively few flowers on our accounts and we do have a number of stress credits that limit our ability to up-price that particular credit at renewal time. But we are seeing progress, and we do believe that while the improvement in yield on loans will be slower and the improvement in the reduction of cost of deposits that you will continue to see steady, but incremental progress there, but a number of headwinds on loan yields.
David Turner: Brian, this is David. If you had to be seeing what the new normal's going to be, given all the changes, we certainly can be higher than the 3% that we're projecting at the end of the year. And I think, from what we see right now, we think we can be in that 3.35% to 3.50% range. But that's our best estimate based on what we know today and as we get more clarity in what the industry looks like after coming out of this past year – two years of issues we've faced, we'll have more clarity on what we think we might be able to achieve.
David Turner: Yes, we feel good about our capital ratios. We think they're very strong. Yes, where the capital ratios need to ultimately end up from a TARP repayment continues to be a little bit of uncertainty there. But I think that based on our projections, as Grayson mentioned, we have scenarios that we’re planning for eventual property payment when it becomes prudent to do so and in concert with our regulators.
David Turner: Yes, this is David. Those two are subject to what that new normal looks like. In round terms, we would expect to have an ROA at least in the $120 million range or better, with the return in the 15% to 16% range. At least that's what we're targeting right now. This is dependent on how the industry continues to turn just like I mentioned in the margin discussion.
David Turner: Well, I think in terms of our growth, what we talked about from the balance sheet is, obviously, we're de-risking from a loan portfolio and getting our investor’s real estate loans down to 15 % range of our total loan book, offsetting that with the growth in other loan areas like consumer that we mentioned.
David Turner: I’ll take the DTA. The DTA, we have a little more than $900 million disallowed for capital. And in round terms, that’s about 90 basis points of Tier 1 common. There are very specific regulatory rules that exist today as to when that could come back in to the capital calculation. And when we can start showing that return to profitability, it will start coming back to us. It will not come back in all at once. But as profitability returns, we'll get the – start getting that 90 basis points back. Linking our reserve release directly to TARP repayment, we haven’t had those kinds of direct discussions. I think really excludes – mutually exclusive, I mean our reserve that we established for our allowance is subject to a very great risk and recurring methodology that we have employ. And whatever our credit metrics indicate in that reserve, indicate then that’s our reserve is. And whether we can under provide for charge-offs, which is where I think where you’re going, is going to be dependent on what those credit metrics look like.
David Turner: Yes, what I – I think we've talked about that. It's great when you look at a reserve of $3.2 billion that had 3.61%. If you go back and look historically, in fact, there were other credits strong – in fact, that's a very strong reserve. The other thing you have to really keep in mind is what they David and Grayson both just said, our best experience have been you find and that very sound and methodical methodology, there are good times and tough times. And that serves you well. And you’ll always get into a reflection point that in a cycle, are we getting close? We'll see if the credit metrics will do. We'll point it out. But there're a couple of things that we look at. One is the continued de-risking with investor real estate portfolio, especially the construction book as I mentioned earlier. What you're seeing under construction book moved from about $9 billion at the first of 2009 to a little under $5 million. That's starting to rake risk of one part out of the portfolio. Our valuation charges continue to moderate, which is another positive trend. And as we really talk about our potential problems that we see coming to the pipeline, it's really the driver of what we see our reserve methodology should be. If and always, the discussion that you have internally, we're very focused on it. But we bill a lot. We have a very solid reserve and continue to feel that way.
David Turner: Well, I believe in – we have target and the supplemented goes to our restructuring. We had a little bit about $55 million that we restructured the past quarter. And I'll let Tom speak a little bit about restructuring and our success, and what we think our opportunities will be. Well we haven't done a whole lot thought in the last several quarters. What we're seeing is as we have de-stressed income-producing properties, you have a couple of avenues. You either sell that. You can work it out traditionally or you can restructure. So the opportunity, as we see, are with those income-producing properties, working with the class, making sure we have confidence in the property type and that the values won't decline or (inaudible) related to that, property won't decline, sort of.
