David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, Kevin this is David. So we put together our capital plan based on what we believe to be the right thing to do. We laid down our priorities just like we’ve spoken about that a number of times of first, why do we use our capital to generate organic growth and to support our businesses, we believe that’s what capital was given to us for and the generation of new capital should be used for organic growth. We also then want to get our dividend up some and more consistent with the peer group and you’ve seen a movement there. Our next priority is really use the capital in the business the smartest way we can and that includes transactions like growing portfolios. So we are acquiring a credit card portfolio. We’ve looked at and continue to look at acquisition opportunities whether they be banks or non-banks when the market and the environments are right for that and when that does it, we don’t use our capital for those items, just to return to the shareholder. So that the capital then continue to pile up on the balance sheet. :
David J. Turner Jr.: Paul, this is David, I will add to that. One of things, we think about indirect is who we are doing business dealership that we are doing business with. Now we have today about 2,000 dealers that we do business with, normally 8,000 that are actually in our geographic marketplace. So only about 25% of those that we are banking in today. I think that dealership election is very important for us and we are building the relationship that we need, the speed of action that we need and we feel very good about that credit.Paul J. Miller – FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, thanks a lot guys.
David J. Turner Jr.: Well the increases that we see coming it’s a timing issue right. So we continue to have no higher reserve covers than our peers, so little more credit leverage left relative to peers. We see economic expansion coming at some point in time a higher rate environment at some time. So that overall generally increases an economic activity will lift our NII and lift our NIR and execution on our Regions 360, which is a needs based program to bring the entire bank to our customer base. Those are the main areas we see in terms of growing our revenues streams to mitigate what a normal provision would be, the amount at which we can’t tell you today because credit is going on the books today as still the most pristine credit, we looked at regions and in the industry over time. So it’s really a timing issue that’s hard to tell you exactly how and what dollar amount offset would be.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, John, this is David. So it’s a great question, we try to – we have given a range before then we talked the reserve would be in that 1.5, 2 range clearly credit has been more pristine that are longer than we had originally anticipated when we put that out. I think we are 44 basis points worth of loss today. We see that range drifting south. It’s hard to tag that is that total point on the low end. And I think our best guidance we can give you is we have a pretty good model that we feel comfortable with, and we got to let that model work each in every quarter. And it will be what it is. With that being said, if you look at the credit metrics, we see it going south of that range. And where it ends up is your guess from there.
David J. Turner Jr.: Yes, John. Thanks, so as you mention we expect our margins to be relatively stable for the remainder of the year. And we define that as one or two points either side of the 326 we have today. I’ll see a prolonged low interest rate environment puts more pressure on loans as old loans, higher priced or fixed rate loans mature, and new loans go on the books. And from a pricing standpoint clearly there is pressure on pricing in the loan portfolio in particular on the commercial side. But we believe that pricing has been – we’re booking relatively stable there. You saw a slight decline in loan yields for us. Mixed changes with loans can’t make a difference where there is a consumer loan or commercial. And clearly we grew most of our loan growth that was in the commercial space. But those spread have been in the 225 to 250 range. They are kind of holding in there, it’s being on the credit that you’re putting on the books. And so I think you should expect with the rate environment where we are right now. That you’ll see some modest impression on loan yields. We have had as you know deposit and liability management strategies to help offset the funding costs. Now we are down to 33 basis points of funding. And so, all that’s been taken into account on the margin guidance that we gave you. With all that said, if the rate environment stays lower or longer than we expect we will have margin compression. Right now we still are confident enough to give you the guidance on a stable margin going forward for 2014.John Pancari – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you.
David J. Turner Jr.: Marty, you are right our cash balance, average cash balance did go up during the quarter, and there is a big driver that is our continued growth in deposits which we are always out there looking for good customer deposits. We realized that we need to put that cash, to work more efficiently which we will do. We would like to be down in that, maybe just less than $2 billion range in terms of cash balances today, given that lack of a efficient functioning over night market. So you should not see us continuing to pile up cash at the Fed and continuing to see an increase that you did this past quarter.
David J. Turner Jr.: So as we think about indirect, you are right. With 25% of the dealers in our geography, we are looking while we have 6,000, obviously if we go at, and we really want to be particular with the dealers that we do business with. So our strategy now is less about increasing that number as it is penetration of our existing dealers. You referenced the increase in the number of deals per dealer per month increasing we have done it one. So the average was one deal, per dealer per month, and that is up quite nicely. The reason it was only one is, remember we reentered the indirect market you have t come back and build the relationship that takes time. And as we’ve proven ourselves and proven our technology and our service to our dealers, we see penetration increasing at the existing 2,000 dealers that we have today versus growing that number. And we do that by the service and we do that by the speed of answering that we get back to the customer, which is driven by enhancements of the technology that can help us that determine an underwriting decision much quicker than manual intervention. So that’s really the strategy going forward. 
David J. Turner Jr.: I think we haven’t disclosed our total outstandings, or revenue, I should say generated from Ready Advance. And the reason for it is we’re in the process transitioning out of that into different product that we are testing as we speak. And we want to make sure we give you investors the best information on what that revenue change if any will be as a result of those new products that we are transitioning into. That will take for 2014 to transition. And so if we get more clarity on that, we will be happy to share that with you.
David J. Turner Jr.: We are trying to address that a little bit in the prepared comments that we relieved based on the rules today. And our interpretation of those rules, we will be compliant with LCR when it’s implemented. So relative to others, we don’t have a lot of changes in terms of portfolio. Changes that will affect us that being said we need to continue to see how it rules change over time. And we will make corrections. But based on what we see today you shouldn’t see a big change in our portfolio later.Vivek Juneja – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great thank you.
David J. Turner Jr.: We have all different kinds of markets in our 16 state to impress. Each market offers a different competitive advantage or different opportunity I should say for us. So some of the smaller markets we have products and services that should make the customer base. And many other small markets the stability of deposits is really important to go back to questions asked earlier, what happens when rates increase and economic activity starts occurring and deposit become all more important as your funding source. And perhaps today we’ll count on the small markets where we have some really dense small markets that we think are really beneficial to us. That being said we have markets where we’ve tried to get that density that we need or to get our products set sold through the market. If that can’t happen, then we will consolidate like you’ve seen us do. And we'll look to continue to rationalize our footprint over time as a result that we can’t get the revenue streams that we desire from them. Christopher W. Marinac – FIG Partners LLC: Great, David. Thanks for the color here.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: No I think the capital planning process improves each and every year. We are working on our processes continuously improving the quality of our data, quality of our models, quality of our forecast and as we build confidence internally and confidence externally, I think the opportunities to deploy our capital more effectively will occur naturally. We think we’ve made the appropriate call this year on our capital plan and as things mature we’ll adjust that call as appropriate. And I do think that to your point that things continue along the path our own, will continue to shrink that our capital position and be afforded opportunities to consider how we deploy that.Kevin St. Pierre – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Great, thanks very much.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, I think clearly the growth in that market all of our teams and risk management when they see a particular product growing rapidly and risk management disciplines requiring to start looking at that particular product sector more closely. There is a lot of participants in the auto lending space and you are seeing growth loan demand in there, particular category. I think you have as an individual institution, you have to decide what part of that markets you want to participate in. We have drawn some pretty bright lines about we are re-participate, we believe we can do that and still show growth. And we are still very confident in the production replacing all our balance sheet.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning, Keith. Keith E. Murray – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thanks, good morning guys. Now just touching on the fee line items for a second, if you look at the service charges on deposits were down 6% year-over-year. You guys talked you had pretty good growth in checking accounts, can you just talk about the dynamic that’s going on there on a year-over-year basis.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I will make a couple of comments, then ask David to come on as well. Clearly, what we are seeing is from a service charge perspective first quarter is typically seasonally soft, and as you compare against the same time last year, this year we are softer than last year. We do believe part of that was weather related, but we also believe part of that is shifts and consumer behavior, the consumers in much better shape from a financial perspective than they were a year ago. And we are seeing much more discipline on the part of the consumer in terms of how they manage their accounts, both from making sure they maintain balances necessary to overwrite any service charges amount that occur as well as discipline around over drawing those checking accounts. And so we’re seeing a real marketed improvement in how customers are managing their checking accounts. That being said, we still – we still are encouraged by the number of new quality accounts that we are adding to our balance sheet. And believe that there is an opportunity for us to continue to grow that part of our business going forward.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think that clearly what you’ve seen is that we are transitioning away from that particular product and since the first of the year, we not being adding any new customers for that particular product. And we are seeing normal customer attrition out of that product over the next couple of quarters. We will be offering a number of different transitional alternatives to our customers. It’s a little early for us to give you the benefit number on what the revenue impact will be because we need to see how some of these transition strategies how effective they are. We are hopeful that we can transition a number of these customers to more traditional credit based products, but that’s yet for us to prove.Keith E. Murray – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Thank you.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, nothing unusual that we see – we went into de-risk a lot of credit during the tough times and we sold some credit too. So the recovery opportunities are still clearly are there, but we are seeing some recoveries but nothing unusual has cropped up that we are seeing.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: So the credit quality continues to improve and continues to improve with a pace that generally outpaces our internal projections for that. So we’ve been pleased by that, encouraged by that, the portfolio as David said our loan portfolio today is a much stronger, much better diversified portfolio that we’ve had in the past. To your point is that if you are showing no growth and that credit leverage goes away you got a huge – huge gap to fill, but you do have to recognize the growth on one hand we are trying to achieve and at the same time the expense management does once that we put in place to continue to try to drive towards a good earnings result as credit leverage dissipates.Eric Wasserstrom – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.:  Thanks very much.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Good morning, John.John Pancari – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Good morning. On that three topic, can you just remind us what do you think is adequate long-term loan loss reserve ratio at Regions to the improving – much improved tech environment.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Only credit quality is going to drive that number and we stay focused on our methodologies, our process, modeling, credit losses, and we’ve got to make sure that those processes have a lot of rigor, lot of discipline around them. Unlike David it’s hard at this juncture to definitively tag where those ratios might eventually land.John Pancari – Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay. All right and then separately, one of you can talk a little bit about the very modest decline in loan yields that we saw in the quarter. But specifically, if you can give us some color on the new money yields, where you’re booking new loans at this point versus the current portfolio yields? And then separately how that comes into play in terms of your margin outlook for relatively stable margin, is that implied, do you expect loan yields to holding in there if not hit higher yield of, thanks.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Hey, Ken, good morning.Kenneth M. Usdin – Jefferies LLC:  Hi, good morning, Grayson. Can I ask you guys a question about expenses and efficiency? This quarter was another good result for expenses that even included the FICA balance. So I’m wondering if you can help us understand how much was that elevated first quarter bump. And then also, how you expect the trajectory of both dollars and/or even the efficiency ratio, as we go through the year.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think in total if you look at dollars, it’d be in that $11 million to $12 million range for payroll.Kenneth M. Usdin – Jefferies LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Either way. I mean there is still –the math is still the same.Betsy L. Graseck – Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, okay. Thank you.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I think at this juncture, when we look at this Ryan, we have a strong Q4 and we had a strong 4Q and then we had softness in the first quarter more softer than we had anticipated, but nice recovery in the latter part of the quarter. And we still are pretty optimistic about sort of where it goes from here. That being said, I think, the biggest change we saw was how much broader loan demand was across markets and product. And in particular, we pivoted on investor commercial real estate, which has been a declining portfolio for a number of quarters and actually have some reasonable growth this quarter in that segment. So I think that as you look out in upcoming quarters, we still believe that there's an opportunity for us to continue to grow our loan portfolio. Our goal is to do that in a diversified and prudent manner.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: When you look at capital allocation it sort of what we are looking at in terms of growing the company. We are looking forward to diversify our strategy, it doesn’t place a huge debt on any portion of our capital, but it actually places incremental bids in different parts of our business. You’ve seen us allocating not only capital, but resources to our wealth management sector to try to grow that sector out, try to create a more diversified revenue stream for the company. And but also create new revenue streams that we weren’t previously enjoying. I also think we look at that philosophically the same way we’ve a number of markets that we are very dominant in, but we also have a number of markets where our franchise is limited, that we love to see overtime has garnered the ability to expand the density of our franchise in those markets. I do think we are looking for incremental opportunities that add up to be material as opposed to looking for transformational kind of opportunities.Ryan Nash – Goldman Sachs & Co.:  Thanks for taking my question.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, I think, I’ll answer in a couple of ways. Then I’ll ask John Asbury, our Executive in charge of Business Services just sort of add to it. I would say when you look at our portfolio that generally going into the recession, we had more variable rate notes than we did fixed rate as relative to peers. And I also think if you look at our portfolio on the consumer side, we had an equity line portfolio that was priced materially below peer. And so as you look at it today, you are seeing on the consumer side generally speaking loans that are going on our portfolio were priced higher and loans that are maturing off from our portfolio, on the business side we had to make some very specific decisions about in which markets and which more products that we will compete both on price and structure. We believe we’ve been rigorous and disciplined in that regard. But generally speaking, corporate balance sheets are in better shape. And so, corporations that we are providing banking product today can demand appropriate pricing, given the risk characteristics of their company, which have improved dramatically. And so, I do think we feel pricing pressure in our markets. We see that and we are trying to compete against that by competing on value of relationship as opposed to competing on price. That doesn’t mean that we aren’t subject to pricing price. But that does mean, and I think that going into the recession we didn’t have as much discipline around pricing as we should have. We think we’ve largely corrected that and we believe we’re in better place today in terms of what we’re adding on to our books. But I’ll ask John Asbury to speak to that.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: I’ll add two other things. If you’re referring to the brand in terms of how we compare to our peers; two things, one, the use of derivative interest rate swaps to hedge that risk that John just talked about in terms of the variable. We say the price for not having those hedges in place, and that’s why our margin – and I forgot which caller had referred to our margin, had been lower for some period of time. So the maturing of the swap is more prevalent at some of our peers than it is for us. And so, as that gets unwound for them, you can see the margins working towards us. The second big thing is purchase accounting and several of the peers who also works its way through the pipeline and while there’s still some more of that accretion, if you will, inuring to the benefit of the margin line for some, we didn’t have that. So we had those two things, swaps and purchase accounting, are big drivers of why we don’t have that downward pressure as much as our peers do.Brian D Foran – Autonomous Research US LP: Thank you so much. That was a real thorough answer.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, we'll get you the where, what, from, to, but, historically we have been over 50% in terms of utilization. And if I recall, we’re in that 45% range today in terms of utilization. So we still have room to go in terms of what it ultimately gets to. So I guess 45 minus 170 where we work, whatever that finance is.Matthew H. Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Fair enough. And I guess just a bigger picture question for Grayson, I guess your consumer loans at this point are about 38% of total loans, those would come on, presuming there was normal levels of demand at higher rates than you would normally see for commercial loans. How are you thinking about the dynamic over the next couple of years of growing the consumer loans and what benefit that might have to the margin over time and sort of how the portfolio ultimately balances out between consumer and commercial.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, I mean I think that David and I have publicly stated a number of times we’d love to see, the mix of commercials to consumer loans more in that 50/50 range, since we have been saying that over the last three or four years it’s hardly moved.Matthew H. Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Today the consumer portfolio is about 38% and that’s in spite of the fact that we reentered the dealer indirect business. And we repurchased back our credit card portfolio and reentered that business. I do think we are encouraged by some of the progress we are making, quite frankly the loan demand in the consumer sector still is less than in the commercial segments. But we are still very much committed to grow on that consumer portfolio. We think that clearly the consumer has taken a much more disciplined approach to credit today. And we think that’s a good thing. So do believe we have almost 4 million consumers would bank with us. And we do believe that penetration into that book of credit products are still low relative to what we see in other peers, and we do believe over time, that we will be able to move the mix of consumer and commercial loans on our book, has just given in this market, with where loan demands at today, that’s become particularly challenging. But we do believe over time that our efforts will prove to move that number directionally towards that 50-50 basis, but that’s going to take some time. And it’s going to take a stronger consumer driven market to do that.Matthew H. Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my question.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: And that’s a positive that you didn’t get this quarter that you forget in the future and the positive that you did get this quarter was the decline in premium amortization which although rates went lower, I guess cash flows and prepayments stayed low enough that you were able to reduce that amortization this quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: So, Marty it’s a great question and it’s one the entire industry is asking our sales, if it’s compliance for compliance sake I think you miss a great opportunity. In this organization, we are trying to grow risk management all the way down to the front-line, making sure that our first line of defenses from risk standpoint are solid, our second lines are solid and third lines are solid. And we are driving a very strong cultural change to the company around risk management. At the end of the day in investment, we are making a risk management has to make sense from a business perspective. It has to improve not only quality of our earnings, but the consistency of our earnings I think that we are trying to strike a healthy balance. We are in the business and taking risk, but we are in the business to take improvement risk, and so I think that the question we ask ourselves everyday is not how we invest in risk, and compliance, and audit just for the sake of being in compliance, but really for how that we really change our company to make it a better company, to make it a company that is a better long-term investment to our share holders and a better long-term place for customers to bank and for our team members to be involved. And I’ll just ask Matt Lusco. Matt’s our Chief Risk Officer right here I think it’s a great question Matt want to comment on it.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Yes, I mean our goal is not to have, we are not going to measure necessarily the numbers of dealers that we have signed up, but the quality of those relationships, and we want to sell deeper into those relationships and how more meaningful banking relationship with them. And so what you should expect to see this year is more transactions or per dealer basis and less emphasis on just rolling numbers dealing.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Well, there are some of the salary and benefits that are tied to revenue. So as revenue increases you should except to see an increase in salary and benefits to pay for that revenue. We are down in headcount through the first quarter. Some of that is just timing related. But we focused on making sure we rationalize our total head count, which we will do over time this year. There were some benefits that we received through our pension accounting during the year. And so, you’ll see that continue to play out through 2014. Our commitment, as we stated that front, was really to ensure that we’re shooting for generating positive operating leverage. And so, we are as concerned about the increases in salaries and benefits or any other expense line. As long as the revenue generation is there to take care of what ever increase that we have. So there is some variability with those expense levels tied to revenue.Gaston F. Ceron – Morningstar Research: Great. Thanks for the color.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: That’s correct.Steven Tu Duong – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, great. Well, I appreciate. That's all for us. Thank you. 
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Your math is just as good as mine. We’re at 14% penetration. If we can get into that 20% to 25% participation rate, we ought to be able to double size that portfolio. But more importantly is that we can offer our customers a more full financial relationship, because all of our customers are going to carry one or more credit cards. We’d love for one of those to be ours. And our goal is to be able to manage that customer relationship, which we think gives us a better chance of creating more customer loyalty, better retention rate long-term for that customer base. Matt D. O'Connor – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Okay. Thank you very much.
O. B. Grayson Hall, Jr.: Thank you. I think that ends our questions and we appreciate your interest and your time today on this conference call. And we look forward to speaking to you next quarter. Thank you.
