David Turner: From a service charge -- Keith, this is David. Honestly seasonally low in the first quarter, generally picks up in the second. We have had couple of things going on. First of, we are growing accounts which is encouraging. The customer behaviors have changed as well. From what we see, the customers are being more careful with how they manage their accounts and that’s reflected in some of the negative in terms of our service charge line. We think the right thing to do is continue to create products and services that our customers need and will value. That is pay for what they get and we believe the way to continue to increase those service charge line item is through the customer growth that we are seeing and we have our -- all of our associates focusing on growing that line item.
David Turner: Yeah, we started, Keith, the first quarter, really strong start with several conferences and were asked why we’re in the 3% and 5% range when the run rate clearly would imply much larger. One quarter doesn’t make a trend, two quarters didn’t quite make a trend either. But as we look out and we see the demands for credit, larger corporate demand, still not seeing quite a small business demand that we’d like to see and we’re still cautious about being beyond 3% to 5%. We want to make good loans, profitable loans. We are saying no more today than we have been as a result of some of the competitive pricing pressures and structure -- structures that we see. So right now, we still think 3% to 5% is a right number. We'll see what happens in the third quarter and update that on the next call.
David Turner: We’ve -- as I mentioned in our prepared comments, we continue to focus on expenses every day given the challenges in growing revenue. Our guidance has been year-over-year guidance which we want to stick with right now. But every line item that you see in and a lot of line items are underneath what you see in our public financial statements. We are working hard on every single one of those. Obviously, the driver on expense management -- the number one, our largest category is our salaries and benefits, occupancy. We continue to look at furniture and fixtures. We look at -- but we’re having savings in some areas and investments in others. We've invested an awful lot in regulatory compliance, given what’s going on in our industry and but I think we can continue to become more efficient. Our efficiency ratio was down quite a bit from last quarter. We have given guidance that we would continue to work to the lower 60s over the year. How low we can go, we’ll have to see. Large -- a big part of that’s really the revenue side of the equation versus expenses.
David Turner: We have a pretty sophisticated model that as we go through the exercise every quarter in terms of, determine -- determining what the allowance needs to be. We will continue to follow that. You know, as credit quality continues to improve in particular non-performing loans, TDRs and charge-offs gives us more confidence that the allowance level can come down some as well. Where that terminal value is, it’s very difficult for us to come up with. We had originally given you guidance on a range of 1.5% to 2%. We think we can go south of that number given the improvement of our credit quality. But we have been reluctant to peg exactly where we think that can get to because it’s really depends on what our model tells us. And so we’re going to stick to that.
David Turner: We expected the short rates to be where they are. Long rates we have expected to rise a little bit towards the back half of the year, still do but the tenure persistently lower. If you look at LIBOR, LIBOR is down lower as well. So -- and I think it’s just this continued reinvestment that we are having to make with our cash flows in the lower rate environment that continues to put pressure on net interest margin. That being said, we continue to grow loan portfolio like we think we can. We think net interest income can grow commensurate with that loan growth that we will have. So from a competitive standpoint, we have -- we've been relatively stable from a margin standpoint. I think our peer average that we track were down about 6 points this quarter. And we've done relatively well but at some point we’ve got to -- it's going to catch up to us from a NIM standpoint. We've had deposit growth that we need to deal with, which is a good thing but you have extra cash flows put to work, some of that sitting at Federal Reserve where you don’t get a lot of carry and they actually work against you from a NIM standpoint. So I would be overly focused on the NIM but we are going to have the challenges just like everybody else will have and our focus is really on growth of net interest income line.
David Turner: That’s right. Matt, it’s all in the service charge line and so that’s a result of discontinuation of new clients coming in January. Clearly, there has been some runoff there. That is reflected in the first and second quarter service charge line items, clearly a bigger impact in the second quarter than the first given our timing. So that’s a little bit -- that may get little bit to Keith’s point that he started with those service charges as well.
David Turner: I think Paul if you look at the transaction that we had for the fourth quarter, we closed it in the first. It was unique. We felt given that pool of assets and pricing for that particular pool was the right thing for us to do. We continue to evaluate opportunities to sell assets, TDRs, when the economics make sense. And when the trade that makes us work, we’re not going to do it just to unload troubled debt restructurings. If you look at our TDRs, there’s a disproportionate amount those that are paying us as agreed and accruing. We just have them in TDR classification because they met the definition of restructuring at the time. We do think that in particular in the commercial side, we’re seeing credit improve. You can see that in our metrics from classified to criticized assets as loans continue to improve and they've been upgraded to better categories. And so overtime, we think some of those TDRs will be payoffs. Again, they are paying us as agreed so there will be pay offs, there will be pay downs. And there will be some -- it just get better and upon renewal, those could go into different classification. So it’s really about three or four things working there to help us improve TDRs, but it’s all about -- the number one driver is asset quality improvement.
David Turner: Yes, I think, Ryan, we -- let me just go through kind of steps on how we think about capital, clearly we want to get our dividend up. We want to use our capital for growing organically. We want to use our capital after that for growth of portfolios, growth of businesses, whether they be banks or non-banks and when that manifests itself to return it to shareholders. So we submitted our capital plan early January based on our third quarter of last year. It’s been a while and we put in there specific capital actions that we would like to engage, including the timing thereof. And without being too specific, we are executing according to the plan that we submitted to our regulatory supervisors that didn’t receive an objection. So you know what our buyback is, we made that public and we will execute according to that plan.
David Turner: Well, we can’t comment specifically on regulatory activities. I tried to put that in my prepared comments that the results from that exam have been incorporated and what you see in our numbers. You also as you look at the classified and criticized schedule, it’s in our supplement. You will see the improvement classifieds moving some of that improvement moved into special mentioned. So net, net if you look at them together, we are up I think about 2%. We are still encouraged by the path of our credit quality. There is nothing that cause us to believe that our credit quality is turning to go the other way which I think is really what your ultimate question is.
David Turner: Yeah, Marty, I will add, from an excess capital standpoint, this gives us maximum flexibility to do some things. We realized that whatever those things might be don’t manifest themselves that we can’t continue to pile up capital and work against our return metrics and the fact that our common equity cost is still much higher than we want it to be. So we get the message. We know we have a plan for getting that deployed in a meaningful manner going forward. From an excess liquidity standpoint, we are sitting here with loan deposit ratio of 82%. We do have this new thing coming called the LCR, liquidity coverage ratio that we all need to be very careful on what that means to our industry. It is a big change, and of course we don’t have the final rules, but we feel confident based on what we see today that we are going to be fully compliant with that. But that will have a different liquidity profile when it’s implemented than we do today. And so we need to be careful there. From an interest rate risk standpoint, we are continuing to be asset sensitive. We would love for rates increase some. Unfortunately given the economy, given a lot of geopolitical issues we don’t know that we will see that in ’14. We think perhaps we see that in the latter part of ’15. That being said, we think our balance sheet positioning is the right thing for us at this time.
David Turner: Yeah, I mean, Marty I think we work very hard. We made pretty solid progress on improving operating efficiency of the company and a lot of progress on the expense side of the income statement. We’ve done a lot of things in terms of rationalizing our workforce and rationalizing our fiscal infrastructure. We reduced several million square feet of space, so we focused on a lot of process reengineering to take a lot of the labor out of different processes. So we feel pretty good about what we -- we feel encouraged by what we have done on the expense side. At the same time we face some pretty big challenges in terms of revenue generation. There have been a number of regulatory and legislative activities that challenged our other revenue side of our income statement. And so if you look at our challenges today, it’s much more apparent on the revenue than on the expense side. All that being said, we still are spending an awful lot of time and still finding opportunities to reduce expenses in our company and we will continue to do so. But we likewise are spending an equal amount of time trying to figure out how we generate revenues inside our company. Obviously an increase in interest rate would be very helpful to our revenues, but today we can’t depend on that, we can’t expect that to happen quickly. So we are finding other ways to do that. And we are growing households, growing accounts, and growing the debt of our relationships, our customers and then start to make a difference.
David Turner: Hey, Erika, this is David. Our NIM outlook incorporates all activity, all actions that we would take. From an LCR standpoint given we’re well positioned, we have a relatively large securities book today. We have reinvested some of our cash flows into different investment classes like Ginnie Maes. We have a corporate bond portfolio. We’ll recirculate some o those cash flows out of that portfolio into Ginnies and other high quality liquid asset. So you should not expect a significant change in our makeup, especially relative to some of our peers. And that’s a little bit of the beauty as to where we are with regards to our loan deposit ratio and the size of our securities book relative to some others.
David Turner: Yeah. That’s a really interesting question. You say we’re here bumping along the bottom. I will say we’re encouraged by where our credit metrics have gone, but we expect them to continue to improve somewhat, the pace of which is a little uncertain. But today, we’re at 35 basis points, 62% of our loan book is commercial, our business services I should say. And so we think there's a room to continue to come down and it’s that pace of charge-offs that ultimately dictate how much reserve release we have and what ultimately our reserve levels need to be. So I don’t know that we’ve quite gotten to the bottom of the bump along just yet. And so I think look at one thing, look at what our NPLs do, what would our inflows do and what would our charge-offs do to give you better information as to what a go forward level might be.
David Turner: Now I’ll add a couple of things. We were a little different then most of us going into this -- into the recession relative to this product where we had basically a 20 year IO. We stop that to have a 10-10 product, as Grayson mentioned. The benefit, if you will, of having that is if you look at Page 13 of our supplement, you’ll see the future maturities of the home equity lines of credit we broke it down in first and second liens. And you can see what the resets are. They really don’t even start until 2019 and the bulk of these are in 2026. As a matter of fact if you look at 2014, our resets are $128 million, $195 million next year. So we don’t have the payment shock issue in the near term like some others have. I also point you to Page 11 in the supplement, where if you look at our credit quality, our improvement was pretty noticeable with regard to our home equity product. In particular, if you look at second lien improvement terms of charge-offs, so that product performance is very well. The credit quality has been well. Our pricing of that product before the changes when we grew the portfolio, we’re little challenging and as we use to prime minus a half and prime minus one, so that’s been our bigger issue versus credit quality more payment shocks.
David Turner: Yeah. That’s a good question. We’ve continued to make investments in our capital markets group for that purpose to continue to bring in new clients for us. We have new capabilities in terms of underwriting there that we started about a year ago. And I think if we stay focused to capital markets fees, while we’re focused on that, the interest rate environment is a big driver. A lot of those fees are really driven by some of our derivatives we sell into the market. Interest rate swaps to be more specific. And we have rate environment that is as low as it is with no real expectations for increases. Clients are reluctant to lock in, so they will just take the interest risk themselves. That will change in time and when it does, you’ll see that manifest itself in our capital markets income. We have other income streams. We continue to work on, you mentioned the relationship. This is maybe the single most important thing to take from our company is we are relationship bank. We have Regions 360, which means taking our entire bank to our client base. Not just -- you cannot be just a credit only shop. We have other products treasury management, capital markets, whatever the case -- insurance. We have other lines of business that our customers can use. And so it's really understanding the needs of our customer base and taking those lines of business and product and services and delivering those to the needs of the customer. That will be the differentiator for us over the long haul.
David Turner: Gerard, this is David. So you're right on the stress basis that we've -- if you look at our portfolio makeup at that time, we think that our improving credit metrics is part of it, our TDRs. There are elements about our balance sheet that consume more stress than we have in the past. If you look at where we think Tier 1 common could go and Basel I, you would be in that 8.5% to 9% range. And clearly we’re well above that. That goes back to the excess capital question that was ask by Marty and how do we really get that deployed in the most efficient -- most effective manner. So we’re looking at alternatives today and but we do think we have capital to spend on host of things not only total capital. But we need to optimize our capital stack in terms of making sure we have the proper amount of common and proper amount of non-common Tier 1 as well. So there's still such things that we’re working on to get capital levels and the stack optimized.
David Turner: You that’s a great question. That’s a little harder to answer. I don’t think you’ll snap the fingers and get to that level over night. I do think it’s something over time. I think the first thing we want to do is not continue to accrete capital at the level and pace of which as to what we’ve been doing and to get that deployed in the more effective manner. So let’s do that first and then look at what -- what options are out there for us to take advantage of with our capital mix. We think that gives us a lot of flexibility to see how things transition in our industry to be -- allow us to use that capital. And so I don't want to make any commitment as to -- really the level I gave you, kind of a rough range but I certainly don’t want to give you a timeframe. It’s -- we need to leave that open-ended.
David Turner: I would tell you that what -- our allowance model certainly takes into account our risk ratings that we have which would include special mentioned substandard so forth. So, by definition, if these incorporate in our provisioning and allowance levels that we established.
David Turner: John, this is David. We continue to see how this issue is going to evolve. We know this has been pushed off a little bit. It’s probably a late ‘15, ‘16 issue. We are continuing to do what we think is the right thing to do buy our customer. We’re going to test the few things starting in the first part of 2015. Because its not just check order processing or debt processing order, it’s got deposits, it has funds availability, there are whole host of things that are had to be considered in this and that’s why it’s difficult to pinpoint specifically what it -- would mean. Now what we do believe as we learn from our -- some of our test in the first part of ’15 and as we get batter guidance we will share that with you, but we don’t see this being an impact in ’15 as much as it might be in ’16 and that’s depended on whether not to come up with further guidance.
David Turner: Yeah. As I’ve tried to mentioning our thought process, I’ll go through the beginning of it, because it’s important to know our full way of thinking is, we got dividend some and we continued to challenge, to make sure we have a faired reasonable dividend, given the limits in guidance by our regulatory supervisors. We then look to deploy our capital organically, growing earning assets at our company. We also look to use that for acquisitions of portfolio like we did our credit card portfolio couple years ago. We look at non-bank transactions that would give us sources of revenue without utilizing a lot of capital that would help us from a diversification of revenue stream and we look at and have a whole teams looks at bank as well. If and when that ultimately comes back, so we are going to prepare ourselves for that type of transaction and when all that doesn’t work then we will return that excess capital back to the shareholder in prudent manner and subject to capital plans and no objections from our regulatory supervisors in the CCAR process. So, I guess, the short answer would be, yes, it is included, but that’s the order that we think about in capital form.
David Turner: We’ve talked about whether or not that’s viable for us to date, we have not done anything to extent that duration. You can see our kind of what our portfolio looks like right now and it really is depended on what type of risk adjusted return we can get on this product. What our stress capital looks like on this product. And so, I think that, if we really look that that the first place we would look is really in that owner occupied real estate space where we have a little different client make up, as Grayson mentioned earlier, usually a smaller business that has put up real estate as collateral out of an abundance caution in many cases and we are willing to take a little bit of duration risk with that. But I can tell you to date we have done a lot of it.
Grayson Hall: Pipelines are robust. We still feel good about the pipelines. To David’s point, the production even in the small business sector has been good, it’s been encouraging but it hasn’t resulted in lot of growth in outstandings because of payoffs and paydowns. But we still see -- continue to see awful lot of deleveraging taking place out of bank debt. And while the demand is picking up and we feel bullish about where the economy is going, we still -- we still are concerned about the level of competition and the level of alternatives for some of our borrowing.
Grayson Hall: And obviously also David, we’re clearly focused on positive operating leverage and while we’ve given guidance to our expenses this year to come in below last year’s final number. We are focused on trying to deliver prudent growth and to the extent that this growth were to exceed our expectations than obviously some of the compensation around that would also increase. But right now, we still feel good about our guidance.
Grayson Hall: I would say the majority of the headcount reductions that resulted in the rationalization of our branch staffing and also rationalization of the number of branches. Those who were in the numbers today but we continue to look for efficiency opportunities across the company and still confident in our ability to driver those efficiencies out. So incrementally, there are still opportunity and -- but the parts you saw coming out of first quarter, it had a lot to do with some of the branch rationalization work we do.
Grayson Hall: Will and Paul, I think additionally we look at the relationships we have with these customers and many of these customers may be in a TDR status, but they are paying as agreed and they have a deep relationship with our company. And so we take that into consideration. But to David’s point, we continue to look at this category, that's on our balance sheet and try to make the best decision for what’s best long term for the company and our customers.
Grayson Hall: I mean, I think to David’s point, we look at the economics and the economics is not only of the trade, but the economics is the value of that relationship on an ongoing basis.
Grayson Hall: So if you recall last year, Ryan, we were investing quite heavily in our wealth management initiative and we had hired a number of people towards the second half of last year really to get that initiative up and running and we made a lot of progress on that, but that initiative is funded today. And so depending on what the opportunities are in the last half, we can’t predict those. Right now, we are pretty pleased with where we stand from a staffing standpoint and absent any unforecasted opportunities to bring more talent into the company, we are going we think where we need to be.
Grayson Hall: As these credits migrate, you are going to see more credits move into that special mention category as that particular credit recovers.
Grayson Hall: Yeah, I think Marty as David was trying to articulate just a moment ago is that we’ve made a conscious decision to try to position our company in this way. We think it’s to our strategic advantage to position ourselves this way. We do know that we’ve got some excess capital relative to peers. We do think we still have pockets of recovery that is still occurring in the markets that we operate in and in the portfolios that we have owned our balance sheet. We think that every quarter puts us in a little bit better position and still confident and encourage by the progress we are making. That excess capital, excess liquidity is certainly something we discuss and work through from a strategy standpoint. I think that as we put together our capital plan for this year, we try to weigh those opportunities and what we thought timing of those kind of opportunities might be in. And we put our plan together accordingly. So if those growth opportunities don’t occur as we thought or don’t occur on the timeline we thought, we will make adjustments as we go forward, but right now we are pleased with our position. I anticipate questions on this issue, but we still remain pleased with where we are at.
Grayson Hall: Well, I think it’s a -- it maybe a challenge to our revenues, but I think it’s a good news for our economy. We’re really seeing much more financial discipline out of the consumers which are banking with us. If you recall back several quarters ago, we’re predominantly a free checking provider and we went to fee eligible. So 97%, 98% of our accounts today are fee eligible based off of balances or transaction activity hurdles. And what we are seeing is people are managing to those requirements and doing a better job at that today than ever before. So they are carrying higher balances and we also are seeing customers who are avoiding overdraft activities. And so you are seeing better personal discipline around that. It’s interesting you see the same thing on the card side both the credit card and debit cards, spending is up, strong double digits on those cards, but balances on the credit side continue to be modest. So we would just continue to say that the economy of the consumer appears to be getting stronger and the financial discipline around those customers appears to be better. As a result, a lot of the fees that we typically would have seen are not as strong as they were, but I actually think that’s a good news and I also think that it bodes well for when deposit gathering franchises become valuable again. There will be a point when interest rate comes up and our ability to gather deposits is really the strength of this organization.
Grayson Hall: Yeah, Ken, I would tell you that the wealth management line item that you refer to was down a little bit. I would say there is nothing systemic there that we can grow that and expect to grow that. We do that by executing our Regions 360 approach, which is making sure that our bankers that are out there with customers are taking the folks in our trust area to their client to continue to grow that. It has been slower than we want, but we really have a pretty good focus on Region 360 and expectations on our sales folks to perform consistent with the shared value and the Regions 260 playbook that we put together. So we do think that that will get back on track and growing. It was down just a little bit so nothing really systemic.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. I can't really say how differently this is from other cycles necessarily. I think this one still is playing out, but what we’re seeing is that given the liquidity in the market, given the interest rate environments that in particular are upper middle market, corporate type credits help a lot of alternative, the public capital markets being one of those alternatives in. So we’re just seeing more customers taking advantage of the environment we’re operating in. And I think a longer it goes on, the more competition we’ll see. And so underlying all that is incrementally more credit demand than we’ve seen in the past, we still are seeing strong pipelines for new business, but the competition around those relationships is as strong as I’ve ever seen. And an awful lot of pressure on our bankers to get out in front of those customers and try to convince then the value of our relationship, but no doubt, there is a lot of competition, a lot of alternatives today.
Grayson Hall: Well, your two questions are more interrelated than you might have initially thought because I think that when you look at the credit quality or the credits that we’re putting on the books today, it’s some of the best. I mean a lot of our corporate customers, they have an awful lot of liquidity themselves and less debt than they have historically carried. Their balance sheets are in much better shape. And so they’ve got a lower -- from our standpoint, they’ve got a lower risk rating, a better credit quality picture and can demand better pricing on credit. So as long as the economy continues to improve and as long as the credit quality of our borrowers continue to improve, it’s going to keep placing pressure on the margin as new loans come on the books and you saw that compression in our own loan yields this quarter. And I think that just sort of continues as long as we’re sort to own this glide plan. Hopefully, at some point in the future we start to see the interest rate environments modestly change upward.
Grayson Hall: First of all, we have seen a shift in our equity product line. We have both the line of credit and are fully amortizing equity loan product. You’re seeing a shift where there is more production now in the line product than loan product, that’s been a recent shift. I think an awful a lot of the loan production historically has been interrelated to refinance. In particular, the people who have small dollar mortgages, relatively small dollar mortgages and so as that refinance activity is going away, some has debt production. And so the line product is, you’re seeing more production out of it. That production has been helped by the home appreciation values that we’ve experienced over the last several quarters, but still being very conservatively underwritten and much more conservatively underwritten than what you have seen previous to the economic recession. And so we’ve changed a lot of our product features, as well as changed a lot of our pricing around those features. And we in addition have changed a lot of our underwriting criteria in terms of loan to values. And as you look at the quality of that book and I can't state it off the top of mind, David may can, is that loan-to-value ratios are very solid. The credit scores we’re seeing on it are north of 700. And we have the product does begin amortizing. I believe if I’m right, it’s a 10-10 product, 10 years interest rate, 10 years of amortization. And so we feel good about the product that we’re underwriting from a regulatory compliance perspective. And I think the new LTV is averaging around 60% on new production.
Grayson Hall: Not at all. I would tell you that production on investor commercial real estates has been pretty strong. And we continue to believe there is opportunities to grow that portfolio. We’d obviously got to do that prudently and thoughtfully. And -- but we’re out finding ways to grow that portfolio everyday. The owner-occupied segment of that, just for clarification is heavily influenced by small business and medium size businesses. And a lot of this is the facilities that they’re operating out of and that portfolio continues to amortize and to pay down over time. We got lot of work that we’re trying to do internally around those particular lending segments to try to encourage that and we’re seeing good production. But I would tell you all the customer segments we look at that small business, that small to medium-size business has been sort of late to recover late to come back and have a lot of demand for credit. The stronger demand is up in the upper middle market, larger corporate customers and has been -- and the consumer has been fairly strong, especially, in the area of auto. But that’s small to medium-size business, while, were seeing their production, we really still need to see to get a really healthy economy, really need to see that customer segment strengthen a little bit more and develop a little bit more confidence to invest in their businesses and that’s predominantly driving that owner-occupied category.
Grayson Hall: I think the, clearly, the lot of attention on this particular customer segment and we spent a lot time on this segment from a compliance perspective and in fact we have -- we've actually reduce the number of dealers that we are operating with. We had -- it’s in our disclosures but we actually have reduced the number of dealers we are dealing with by about 300 -- approximately 300. So we are going through and rationalize which dealers that we are getting healthy amount of business from and getting it in a correct manner. Lot of dear oversight, lot of dealer monitoring around rates and spreads, and adjustments for those rates and spreads, and so you will continue to see us elevate our monitoring capabilities of that segment to make sure that we are adequately addressing compliance issues. In addition we use a lot of third-party reviews. Third parties to come in and look at that, compare the numerics and make sure that we understand exactly what's going on dealer by dealer and loan by loan, I will be glad to have some of our team who is working on that full-time to give you more detail around that. It’s -- but it’s a complex endeavor and we are investing time and energy in there to make sure that we are doing this in a responsible way.
Grayson Hall: I believe that’s our last question. We appreciate everyone your time and attention today. Thank you and if there is any questions after the call feel free to call List Underwood and Dana Nolan. We will be glad to take your call. Thank you very much for being here today. Thank you.
