John Turner: Thank you, Dana and good morning everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, Regions delivered another solid quarter, underscoring our commitment to generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We generated earnings of $556 million resulting in earnings per share of $0.59 and one of the best return on average tangible common equity ratios in our peer group at 24%. Our consistent strong earnings performance has given the board confidence to increase the quarterly common stock dividend by 20%, which was officially reported in a press release earlier this week. Although some lingering economic uncertainty remains, we feel good about our ability to carry this momentum into the second half of the year. We continue to benefit from our strong and diverse balance sheet, robust liquidity position, and prudent credit risk management. Our proactive hedging strategies have positioned us for success in any interest rate environment and our granular deposit base and relationship-based banking approach continue to serve us well. Overall, sentiment among our corporate customers remains relatively positive despite ongoing labor shortages, persistent inflationary pressure and slowly improving supply chain issues. In fact, most are continuing to forecast solid performance in 2023, although they are expecting modest declines from levels experienced in 2022. We remain committed to serving our customers while maintaining our focus on risk-adjusted returns. We are being judicious with capital, preserving it for our best clients and relationships. Year-to-date, the corporate bank has grown loans 2%, in line with our expectations with the vast majority of this growth coming from existing customers. Our consumer customers also remain healthy. Unemployment in 7 of our 8 top states remains at or near historical lows. And housing prices in 13 of our 15 states are forecast to outperform the HPI Index in 2023. Wages in much of our footprint have kept pace with or exceeded increases in inflation. And as a result, consumer deposit balances and credit card payment rates remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. Our credit quality remains strong. Although normalization continues, charge-offs remain below historical through the cycle levels. We also continue to benefit from the strategic investments we are making in our business. For example, over the last few years, we focused on enhancing our treasury management suite of products and services. We have invested in talent and technology, including data and analytics, improving our ability to provide our clients with data-driven insights. Today, our relationship managers lead every prospective client conversation with a cash flow mindset, enabling us to clearly understand our customer needs. We are very pleased with the success of our treasury management business, which has produced 13% revenue growth year-over-year. Although our penetration rate for treasury management solutions ranks among the top versus peers, we continue to see further opportunity in our existing customer base, particularly in lowering the commercial. Additionally, during the second quarter, we introduced Regions’ no-cost overdraft grace feature, giving consumers the opportunity to remedy overdrafts and avoid fees. To-date, the data indicates that customers are seeing an approximate 30% reduction in the occurrence of assessed fees. We are excited about the financial benefits and flexibility our customers are enjoying as a result of the changes we have made over the past 2 years. We also continue to actively search for investment opportunities with respect to mortgage servicing rights. And during the last 18 months, we have acquired the rights to service approximately $23 billion in mortgage loans through a combination of bulk purchases and flow deals. These are just a few examples of our commitment to investing in markets, technology, talent and capabilities that grow and diversify our revenue base and enhance offerings to our customers. Now, Dave will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
John Turner: Yes. Gerard, it’s John. I’m not sure it’s a relevant question. We’re selling to the taxing authority that – so we’re selling to the city that we occupied and our tax valuation was unchanged over the 3-year period. And so it’s based on tax valuation. So I’m not sure that we can give you a good answer to your question.
John Turner: Sure, yes. This is John. I’ll answer that. So our office portfolio is about $1.7 billion, roughly 36% of that portfolio is single tenant. And of that single tenant exposure, 82% is investment grade. So we sort of look at that $700 million and feel like we understand that. It’s well secured, it’s performing. So then we look at the $1 billion portfolio that remains that’s multi-tenant, 63% of that is in the Sunbelt. Beyond that, it is well diversified geographically. Largest concentration we have is in the Dallas-Fort Worth market, where about 20% of the portfolio, our exposure actually resides. There are about 100 credits make up that $1 billion. So we have very good visibility into the relationships and to the performance of those particular credits. When I think about how we’re doing, we’ve been talking to customers well in advance of maturities, and we have a fair number of maturities in 2023 and 2024. Performance to date has been good. We’ve had 13 credits that have matured already this year and over half of those or half of those credits had an extension option, which they were able to exercise. Another 20% plus renewed based on our current credit underwriting standards and the balance either paid off. We have one credit that we’re still working on. That’s the one non-accrual that we have in the portfolio. And so all in all, our assessment of our portfolio, our office portfolio is pretty good. We have said we don’t think we have any significant losses in the portfolio, and that’s been confirmed by, again, conversations we’re having with customers our visibility into what’s occurred to date and what we think will occur over the next 12 to 18 months.
John Turner: Erica, we’re continuing to add talent. So we’re continuing to hire talent. We’re in some very good markets. We have acquired a number of capabilities over the last number of years. And so it’s really combining talent with opportunity in markets with additional capabilities, just to execute our plan. We’re asking our bankers to be active in markets, talking to customers and non-customers looking for ways to expand our business while there is still some economic uncertainty, and we want to be prudent and careful. We start with soundness first, followed by profitability and then growth. We think we are in a position, as you pointed out to win market share, where opportunities exist and we’re focused on those prospects that we’ve been calling on for a long time. And relationships that we’ve had for a long time to ensure that we use the capital and the resources we have to support those companies as they want to grow their businesses.
John Turner: Okay. Well, I think that’s all the calls. So I appreciate everybody’s participation today. Thank you for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
David Turner: Sure. This is David. So with regards to deposit pricing, it’s important that I understand that we think about our customers, we talk to our business leaders in terms of what we need to do to support our customer base and what’s going on from a competitive landscape. And so through that we form an opinion as to what our deposit beta ought to be. And I would tell you that going into last quarter. We’ve had 35% beta now for – since the beginning of the year. We had a little bit cushion in that, we believe, pretty conservative, based on what we’ve seen and the competitive pressures that we’ve seen and obviously, events of March 8. It’s probably not as conservative. We believe it’s the right number, but we don’t have as much conservatism in it as we had. With regards to what we are thinking about beta going into 2024, we really need to understand what the Fed is thinking. And right now, if they have one more increase and kind of stay on hold for a while. You probably have a couple of quarters before betas stopped creeping up on you. So we had originally called for the end of the cycle at the end 2023 because this has been elongated a bit, the cycle is going to continue into 2024 to some degree. And that’s all dependent on when they stop. And so if they have one more increase at the next meeting, it will be sooner if they keep going another increase after that, it will be later. So those are probably the biggest individual drivers. You have other things like competition, what we have to be competitive. And so what our competition does, we have to react to some degree. So that’s another driver. And then the overall Fed balance sheet. So the Fed is down about $800 billion since the beginning of the year. The balance sheet is going to continue to drift down a little bit, which will take liquidity out of the system and put some pressure on there. So there are several things. That’s why it’s hard to be precise on what the beta is going to be. But I think there should be some expectation that there is a little bit of increase in 2024, the amount of which we can’t tell you precisely, we will continue to look and search for that and update you as we change our opinion on that.
David Turner: Yes, it actually wasn’t that. The driver is because our – what’s embedded in the service charge is also treasury management. And our treasury management group has done a great job this year growing relationships were up about 9% or relationships. And if you look at revenue, our revenue on treasury management is up some 13%. And so we saw that happen in the first part – the first quarter. We want to see if it continued it did in the second quarter. And so our service charge from 24-hour grace is about what we where we forecasted it. So you add all that together and just on a run-rate basis, you can see we are going to be higher than what we had originally guided and that was the single driver.
David Turner: Sure. So let me just give you an overall comment then I will break down some of the elements. So overall, Gerard, what we are hearing, what we are seeing, we can – we will be able to adapt and overcome whatever it is that we have to. We think the Fed is going to give us all time to adapt to whatever those changes are going to be without any major disruption. So specifically on debt, we are hearing potentially a 6% of RWA number for those over $100 million. Maybe there is some tailoring, but let’s just use the 6% for easy math. That’s an incremental $5 billion of debt for us that we will have to raise over time. We will be able to leverage that $5 billion into our business and including putting some of it at the bank that will reduce our deposit insurance premium some. And when you wrap all that together, you are talking about 60 to 70 basis points of all-in cost for us on that $5 billion. So you’re talking about $35 million bottom line hit if that were to happen, fully implemented. So it’s just not – it’s not something that’s pretty easy to overcome. We don’t think it’s necessary, but we don’t get to make the rules. We just have to adapt and overcome. With regards to the RWA, so we’re hearing conflicting things. There is clearly some additional operational risk we’re going to have to put into RWAs, we’re supposed to get some benefit, though, on the credit side, whether it be from mortgages or investment grade. If all that happens like Basel intended, then it’s a push and no big deal. On the other hand, if we don’t get the benefits we’re supposed to on the credit risk weights, then that will cost us a little bit of capital. And again, we will feather that in over time. Outside of Basel, but probably part of the MDR that will be coming out will be AOCI. AOCI is likely to be in the capital regime going forward, which, on a stress basis, actually is helpful because you’re AOCIs in a gain position. But in a rising rate environment, which is good for banking because that’s where we make most of our money. From a capital standpoint, you’ll have to strip that AOCI in over time. Again, they are talking about starting maybe in 2025 or 2026 and then giving you 3 to 5 years to do that. And again, we can – we will be able to handle that. Some of that takes care of itself just because of the maturities of the investment portfolio and so – and then rates coming down the other way. So again, the bottom line is where I started, whatever it is, we will adapt and overcome.
David Turner: Yes. So the first part is we will lease one of the buildings back some of the square footage for a relatively short period of time to help us transition. But for the most part, we’re going to be vacating both of those buildings. I mean the world has changed since we built all of that. And so we just don’t need to see. And of course, working remotely has been a piece of that, too. So we think it’s a good deal, not only for our customer base, but for our community because what’s going there, we think, will be very helpful to the community. We’re going to be able to get out of sell that. It will be at write a book value to a slight gain on the sale, not anything to write home about, but we will make a little bit of money on that.
David Turner: Yes. I think you’ll see a modest decline there, Ken. I think the deposit decline normalization. Remember, we had a lot of surge deposits. We’ve been calling for run off a bit. We were pretty close to our number through the second quarter. Rates are higher or longer. I think that’s going to have some switching costs associated with it. There is going to be some off-balance sheet movement as well. We think our non-interest-bearing drifts down to that mid-30s, which is what we’ve been calling for. I think today, we’re at about 37%. So as a result of that decline, you should expect earning assets to decline along with that. When we talk about modestly, we’re talking 1% to 2%, frankly. And – but we will see. We’re continuing to grow checking accounts. The core of our franchise are checking accounts and operating accounts, and we are all over trying to grow that and take advantage of the markets that we’re in, which is very favorable as we see the migration of people and businesses into our markets. So we think this is some more normalization and then we think it kind of settles out after that modest decline.
David Turner: Sure. So our growth has really driven the far in total from the commercial side. That is going to slow a bit. We can just – as we talk to customers, we could see the demand for credit isn’t quite what it was. Obviously, there are transactions that are harder to get done in real estate because we are based on the where rates are, we’re requiring more equity in the deal and developers don’t want to do that. So things don’t happen. There is still a big demand for housing, our resi portfolio, we will continue to grow some. We have a good group of MLOs that are out there. The housing supply is still way below where it should be. Now rates are up. And so, that’s going to – going to mute things. From an interbank standpoint, we’ve had pretty good growth. They have met the expectations that we have laid out for them. We will see some slowing a bit in the second half and into 2024. We had a pretty big solar program going at one-time. The math on that got to a point where it was not as profitable as we had originally hoped for. And so we are not going to chase loan growth until – unless we can get paid appropriately for the risk that we take. As a result, that’s going to slow a bit and interbank. That being said, we’re very happy with what they are doing and you’re going to see growth just not at the pace that we have had.
David Turner: It’s probably more likely a 4Q. We keep thinking we’re going to get clarification. We thought June 30 has been pushed out. So we don’t know exactly when we’re going to get it. But whatever we do, we will shift through the material and we will come up with an appropriate plan. Until we know that plan, it just doesn’t make any sense. I mean we had, I think, the highest return this quarter on tangible common equity. There is just no need for us to push on the – to push on share buyback right now. Let’s just be a little bit cautious and deal with the new rules. And then after that, if buying our shares back is appropriate, then that’s what we will do.
David Turner: Yes. So we are in the formative stage of putting in our new systems focusing on the deposit system. It will be the biggest and all of them are important to us, but that was really important to us. We are planning right now, we’re laying the foundation. We are spending some money. We’ve been spending money for quite some time. but you’re not going to see benefits for a number of years, Matt. We’ve got to go through. And we’ve learned from talking to others that have gone through these type journeys is, it is much better to take your time and be planful. It will reduce – ultimately will reduce overall costs. So we’re going through a number of customer journeys and really thinking through not just putting in a new system, but how can we really transform, how we do business and how can we make it easier for our customers to bank with us, how we can make it easier for our associates to take care of our customers. And so it’s a lot of work. And so you’re going to see cost upfront which is what we’re experiencing today before you’ll see the benefits, it will be a few years out.
David Turner: That’s right. It’s going to be – you’re another 5 years from now before you see this. So we have a deposit system, we will be putting in a new commercial loan system, and we will be putting in a consumer loan system as well. But the biggest – biggest one and the most expensive one will be the deposit system. But that’s at least 3 years out before that gets put in.
David Turner: Yes. So I won’t confirm your number exactly, but your thinking is spot on that as we get to the end of the year, we start stabilizing a bit. The question is, where does the Fed stop. If they go one more time and stop then you’re – then the only thing you really have leading into the first quarter will be slight beta risk and the day count that you talked about. So I think you have stability from there on. However, if the Fed continues to push this out even more and has to go two, three – two more hikes, three more hikes and you just push everything out. We do have hedges that are becoming live this quarter. You can see that on our Page 6 at our deck. And so we put those on over a year ago with anticipation that there was risk that rates actually roll over and start going down, they didn’t. And so we will be into a negative carry on those, which is okay because the rest of our book is earning a whole lot more money than we thought at the time. So that’s all been factored into the guidance that we gave you. And we’re, right now, we’re expecting that we get to the end of the year and things really start to settle out with the exception of minor tweaks in that first quarter.
David Turner: Yes. So we have a schedule in our supplement on it. Let me see if I can find it real quick for you because we were anticipating this question. We wanted to give everybody an understanding. It’s on Page 15 of the supplement. And it’s embedded in the operational loss number, and that change related to check fraud, was about $80 million, as we mentioned in the call. But you can see our operational losses had averaged about $13 million to $18 million per quarter, and we are back to that kind of run rate now. And so we expect to be there about that number going forward.
David Turner: Yes, Erika, this is David. Let me add to that. So we do realize there could be opportunities for us to grow loans faster than what we just gave you the guidance on. So we gave a guidance of 3% to 4%. We produced that slightly because of the demand that I had talked about earlier. We want to grow relationships. We aren’t interested in taking advantage of somebody’s RWA diet and growing loans only. We cannot outstrip our funding base because that marginal profitability just won’t be there if you’re having to hope self-fund that growth. So if we can get a relationship that brings an operating account and other deposits, we’re all over that. But we’re not interested in just growing loans because somebody else wants to shed that risk.
David Turner: Yes. I think we have a schedule in the back is on our Slide #17 that shows by the end of 2024, about 25% of that will be rolled in and then by the end of the next year, about 39%. That’s using just maturities in the forwards at this time.
David Turner: Yes. So we’ve historically been 18% to 20% of our earning assets and securities. We suspect we will be roughly in that range. What we have to think through is what the new regime will be with regards to AOCI. As you’re probably aware, the AOCI changes with regards to securities becomes part of your capital, but the fair market value changes with regards to derivatives is not. And so what that does is it causes you to at least think about, if we need the duration protection that we use our securities book for along with liquidity. That perhaps we use more derivatives than securities. And we will just have to see. But I don’t see that changing our securities book appreciably Will it be down a notch or two perhaps. But I don’t think you – you should expect us to grow that book much past that 20% range.
David Turner: Yes. So John, we’re still in the formative stage of planning for that. I’ll tell you there is a lot of things going on other than this – the system integration with regards to technology. The environment is changing to Software as a Service versus buying a system and capitalizing it depreciating that over time and skipping several of the upgrades because you don’t want to pay for that. Today, it’s all going in the cloud. It’s paying by the drink and that’s more expensive. And it’s – the technology cost, it used to be technology costs go down over time. It does not appear to be the case. We’re going to do our best to control that while making appropriate investments in technology because I think we can leverage that better than we do today. We use a lot of human capital to do things. I think over time, you’re going to see most everybody leveraging technology better. And so I think that right now, we’re at 9% to 11% of total revenue. I can see that drifting higher a bit over time. But right now, that’s our call of 9% to 11%. And we will update you as things change.
