David Turner: Yes, John. This is David. So we've - we had elements of McKinsey built into the guidance that we've given you for 2018. We're still working through - we just kind of got the first part of this done in the first quarter. There's a lot more to do. And we're going to update you on kind of a three year, this is going to be a longer journey. This is not a 2018 only. We'll have elements of this working through a couple of years, 2 to 3 years, actually. We're going to update all that at our Investor Day, which will happen in February of '19. With that being said, there's elements of McKinsey of how we keep our expense number relatively flat this year, and there's elements of McKinsey on how we get the growth in revenue of 3% to 6% on NIR for 2018 as well. As we think about the total commitment on revenue, it's about 70% of it is expense and about 30% of it is on the revenue side. That's our best guess, thus far. We will refine those as we go through the remainder of our Simplify and Grow initiative.
David Turner: From an efficiency ratio standpoint, we've given your guidance. It will be below 60%. As you know, we had - when the tax rate change that cost all of us, all of our peers, for the tax adjustment for us it's about 50 basis points going the other way. We did not change our guidance because we had Simplify and Grow, and we also had our insurance transaction in mind at the time. So we think we're confident we'll have an efficiency ratio below 60% in '18. And that being said, we think, over time we're going to need to be in that mid-50s, and we're working towards that.
David Turner: Yes. I would say that there are a lot of factors that we look at, as Grayson mentioned, in evaluating a business. We look at how synergistic businesses are or not. In this particular case, Insurance, we had more of a retail platform than BB&T did. BB&T has a wholesale platform that they can marry up with retail. They had more scale in the business than we did. And for us, to get to scale, we thought we needed to have to become more efficient at it. As you can see now, the efficiency ratio is pretty high for us in the business. And to get the scale and the efficiency ratio, then it was going to require a disproportionate amount of capital investment that we felt we can use elsewhere. And it's a good thing -- it's a good business, good people. As a matter of fact, we use them as well, and we think that BB&T can do more than we can, and we have -- we'll put our capital to use in a more appropriate fashion.
David Turner: Yes. So you're right. That consumer beta has been low to nonexistent. We do think we'll get pressure over time. We aren't seeing it on the consumer side yet, but we expect that to happen. And we have a beta still baked in that 35% range, going up to 60% over time. The commercial side, a lot of that's indexed to the funds rate or other rates in Wealth Management. And we've been fairly conservative with our betas. They've proven out better than we thought. We're at 13% cumulative beta, and we think for the next -- maybe the next one or two moves, maybe we keep it low. But over time, it's going to catch up to where we think it's going to be in that 40% to 60% range. As you think about Q2, we really don't put a beta forecast -- we haven't given you that, but we expect that to be fairly similar to what we just saw this past quarter.
David Turner: Yes, Erika, we - what we want to do is make sure we have a very solid footing on our Simplify and Grow, the effects of that on our business before we go to the market with it. I think what we've leaned over time since our Investor Day is credibility. We're doing what we said we're going to do. We want to make sure we're ready and have the right commitment. We do know that will happen by Investor Day, so you'll have a lot of clarity at the Investor Day. And to the extent that we get further down the road, we'll give you an update as we determine that. I think we will have probably something incremental. Each quarter, we'll give you something incremental, but the full-fledged, here's what it's going to mean for really '19 and '20 and beyond is at Investor Day. It is -- as you can imagine, putting things in motion today, you're really -- it takes time to receive -- to garner the benefit of those changes, and so we don't see a ton of change on our business in all of '18. You'll see elements of that trickling in the back half of '18, and we'll give you that guidance as it becomes known, and perhaps, we'll give you some incremental in the second quarter.
David Turner: Well - so we put Regions Insurance Group in discontinued operations, and we've restated everything. So you've got to go back to the restated baseline as well. So we're talking about 3% to 6% off of that. We're not going to do 3% to 6% off of overcoming the gross revenue of insurance.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. So we don't forecast what the reserve percentage is going to be. We're at 105%. We still have nonperforming assets. While they're down 75 basis points, we think there's room to continue to improve. We're encouraged by that. The strength of the commercial customer, the strength of the consumer is there. There are elements of consumer that ticked up just a little bit. Card would be one. But we see the consumer being very stable. We just don't think that the consumer credit metrics improved as much as we believe the commercial credit metrics can continue to come down, which manifest themselves in past -- I mean, nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets. So there's always a possibility for a reserve release, it depends on what happens with the criticized and classifieds and we'll let the model run and speak for itself.
David Turner: Well, so we have a day count change going into the second quarter. So don't forget that's two points going the other way, and we were up four points this quarter as a result of day account. When you consider that and you consider the full quarter benefit of the rate hike and where we are, that - we would expect stable to up modestly in terms of margin, overcoming that two point decline for day count. And we feel much better about our NII growth for the year, which is why we changed our outlook for the entire year to that -- to the 4% to 6% range. So we think we're well positioned to take advantage of not only this past rate increase but what might be coming in the future, which we have one full rate increase baked into our expectations for the remainder of the year.
David Turner: June '19, we would get pretty close by then. We really have been talk about trying to get to 9.5% by the end of this year. We've messaged we can't quite get there, but we'll get awful close, I think, by the middle of the next year based on what we know today, that we'd be right on top of that. Now things can change. Risk profiles can change, the world can change, that's a long time. But based on our forecast right now, we'll be right on top of it a year from now.
David Turner: Well, the way we think about it, forget regulatory supervision and that. We set our capital base on how much capital we think we need to run our business appropriately based on the risk profile that we have. It's not about running our capital down as low as we possibly could get it. It's the optimization. It's the right amount for that. And so as risk profiles change up and down, those capital targets will change up and down. What happens in the NPR, if it makes it a little easier for us to manage it, based on our own capital planning process versus waiting for a non-objection once a year. We do see it as favorable and not having risk-weighted assets and increasing. We see at this favorable that you don't have to consider share repurchases in an adverse scenario. So I think it would be incrementally helpful. I don't know that, that changes how we think about what our target needs to be though.
David Turner: Yes, Geoffrey. We've always believed that we need - again, optimization is -- optimization in terms of total capital and the capital stack that is common and preferred. And we've espoused having preferred, that's about 1.5 points more than our Common Equity Tier 1. We've been satisfying that preferred component of the stack with common. And that's awful expensive for us. So we see, over time, that we will trade out some common for preferred, and you ought to expect that to happen sometime in 2019 as we get our Common Equity Tier 1 down closer to that 9.5% level, but I have to backfill our Tier 1 with the preferred issuance.
David Turner: Yes, Matt. It's David. I think if you look at the percentage of earning assets and earning securities, I think that's going to be relatively stable. I do think if things change with specific designation and things were LCR are as important, you could see the makeup of certain securities changing out. For instance, we're using Ginnie Mae [ph] securities to help us on our high-quality liquid assets. And perhaps, we could put those to work a little more effectively for us in time. So I think that we would - we're going to continue to evaluate that and make sure we have an appropriate amount of liquidity, that we have the proper duration in the book. And as we continue to grow earning assets, we'll have some portion of that in securities.
David Turner: Yes, I don't think that's -- I don't think, Matt, that's fairly meaningful right now. It's not that much. I do think we have more ability to continue to pick up yield, if you will, on just the front book rolling off and the back book coming on in terms of investments, given the rate environment right now. So we have about $3 billion that'll roll out, that'll help us pick up about 70 - roughly 70 basis points of yield.
Grayson Hall: John, first of all, the Regions Insurance has been a part of our business for a while. It's a very - we made a very analytical, thoughtful evaluation to that. It was a valuable asset for us, a very talented team in the Regions Insurance Group. But we had reached a point in our analysis where we had to make a decision on how best to deploy our capital and should we try to increase the scale of our participation in that segment, or where there - was there a more valuable asset for someone else. And as you see, we came through what was a complex but thoughtful decision. It took what was a viable asset to us, and we think we made a good decision for ourselves, for our customers and for our team members that are in that business. When we look at opportunities to grow, as we've said in the past, we're primarily focused on organic growth, trying to determine how to do that. We, on a very ongoing disciplined basis, look at how we're allocating our capital by product, by business, by geography. And we look for opportunities to acquire where it will help accelerate growth. We've been fairly active in non-bank acquisitions. We continue to review those opportunities. We've been very studious on bank acquisitions but continue to look at the markets and how we trade versus banks that we might be interested in and still economically challenging. So while we're looking at it, we're studying it. We understand where the markets are at. We just think the opportunity for bank M&A for us is fairly limited at the moment. And so we're trying to prioritize how we grow. And again, I think organic is the first way we grow, and non-bank acquisition is the second way we grow at this moment.
Grayson Hall: And we do think it is a good transaction for us and likewise think it was a good transaction for BB&T.
Grayson Hall: But Erika, I would say you're going to hear from us every quarter on things that we're doing that we more broadly place under that umbrella. You clearly heard this quarter on our sale of the troubled debt restructured loans, that broadly falls under the Simplify and Grow umbrella. We also had the Regions Insurance sale. We also, in the prepared remarks, gave you how much our headcount was down quarter-over-quarter, as well as how much it was down year-over-year. You've seen a number of public press releases on our reorganization efforts in terms of how we line up to go to market. And so you're going to hear this every quarter. And this quarter was probably one of the more informative quarters we've had in a while. And you'll see that continue throughout the year. To David's point, we'll continue to give those every quarter, but then you'll see us embed those in our 3 year forecast at Investor Day next February. But it's not like you got to wait for February to hear some of this. But clearly, some of these things we're doing, we can't preannounce prior to actually executing the transactions.
Grayson Hall: Absolutely. And I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't cast February as a formal announcement of Simplify and Grow. February is a formal announcement of our next 3-year plan, and our Simplify and Grow activity will be embedded in that plan.
Grayson Hall: But Betsy, it's - our branch rationalization process is part of how we manage channels, in general, whether it's our digital channel, our contact centers, our ATMs, our branches. And it's a fairly dynamic review, and it's been one we've had in place for quite some time. And to John's point, we'll continue to make annual adjustments to that as we see markets change and we see customer behavior change. And so it's a very analytical process. And so we make forecast out three years on that, but we review them constantly. So if we need to make in-flight adjustments, we can do that.
Grayson Hall: Yes, and, I think that if you look at our ATM network, we've continued to invest in that channel, and we've imaged-enabled all of our traditional ATMs. And we're seeing customer transactional behavior improve at what we would call a somewhat traditional ATM. We've been encouraged by the video tellers. But it also has been a learning process. We found some places it worked great and some places not so great. We think it's an interesting technology. We think that there is a place for it in our channel portfolio. But I would tell you, we're still in the early stages of that, even with 90 units in our portfolio. 90 units, even that regard, that is fairly small investment, but it's allowing us to learn how we might deploy it on a larger basis.
Grayson Hall: Well, I do think you saw this quarter the very encouraging improvement in our credit metrics. A big part of that was payoffs and paydowns on some adversely rated credits that quite frankly we did not anticipate. Those are very difficult to forecast, but it's also encouraging that those customers can find alternative forms of financing today. And so we do anticipate that there's an opportunity for that trend to continue through the rest of the year.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, if you look back historically, we've had a very consistent investment strategy into technology. We've not varied that a lot year-to-year. I think we've been pretty disciplined in that regard. And we're quite proud of the technology platform we've built. My background for the bulk of my career was in technology. John Owen has a similar background as well, and John has worked hard to strengthen and align the strategy, in particular, around our consumer customers with all the attention to digital channels that we have. As you know, Scott Peters runs our Consumer Banking Group, and he and John work together. We have an approach, from a technology perspective, of not being the leader, but being an aggressive follower of proven technology. And that strategy has worked well for us. We have done a number of upgrades in technology over the past few quarters, substantial upgrade on human resources work -- technology; wealth management, complete upgrade of that infrastructure. And so -- and in addition, treasury management. So we continue to make improvements. We get a lot of internal, external benchmarks that would indicate that that's working. So John, elaborate, if you would.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think I'll ask John Turner to speak in a little more detail. But clearly, we had a material exposure to the energy sector, and it's taken some time to work through that exposure as well as we had some weather-related exposure because of some hurricanes that came through Texas and through Florida. And so as time has elapsed and the economy has stayed fairly steady, and quite frankly, as liquidity has been so available that you've seen an awful lot of the composition of our loan portfolio shift and change, and as you pointed out, has improved dramatically. But I'll ask John to speak with a little more color in that regard.
Grayson Hall: Well, it's a great question, and I think one that there's a number of different narratives in the marketplace that are driving fairly substantial technology investments across the industry. I do think that the industry broadly benefits from the investments being made in bank technology. As we said earlier in the meeting, our strategy is not to be necessarily leading -- on the leading edge of a lot of these technologies, but to be an aggressive follower of proven technologies. We believe that customers enjoy using all of our channels. And we see activity across multiple channels by the same customer on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. And we try to work hard on trying to make that a very friendly, consistent experience when a customer comes into one of our branches or comes through a digital channel or an ATM channel. We want to see the same information and be able to do -- have the same capabilities across those channels. We think it's making a big difference in our business, but all of our channels are still relevant. I do think you're seeing this narrative about the dollars being spent on technology and that providing some level of competitive advantage. Whether that advantage is sustainable over time really comes back to execution. And we think we're doing a particularly good job of that. We're growing accounts. We're going households. We're growing balances. We really tried to rationalize the composition of our deposit balance sheet, and we've made some tremendous strides in that regard. I'm really proud of where we're at on deposits today. Very loyal, very granular, have a high customer satisfaction rate. And technology is a big part of that. But it's not all of it. John, I wouldn't add to that if you would.
Grayson Hall: It all depends on how you measure it. We - obviously, this industry spent an awful lot on technology over the last two or three decades and really has sort of transformed how we serve customers and how we comply with regulation and compliance and how we analyze risks and how we extend credit. It's just transformed every part of our business. And I would say that, for the most part, it's gotten better, faster, cheaper every year. Probably the largest transformation that has occurred has been the mobile phone. That mobile device, that mobile smartphone is just, really, has been the largest game-changer I saw in my career being involved in technology. Because early on, computing was too heavy to carry on a mobile phone and was relatively slow and extremely expensive. And we've seen that really come down over the years. And so the cost of storing data, the cost of computing data has really improved. It's made it available to most of our population. And so it's changed the way we serve customers. The question is, is how much value, how much sustainable value do you achieve as a bank by investing in technology. I do believe you have to continue to invest. But as we've seen, computing becomes less expensive over time. And so you have to keep innovating, keep investing to, I think, to stay competitive and serve your customers the right way. But I still believe the basics haven't changed because the people who win are real smart about what technologies they pick, and they're really good at implementing and executing that strategy. And so I think the execution is a much bigger question than how many dollars you spent last year. Dollars matter, but execution determines who sustains the competitive advantage.
Grayson Hall: Well, again, thank you for your time and your interest in Regions. We do hope that today's discussion was helpful to everyone, and we look forward to next quarter. So thank you. We stand adjourned.
John Owen: Good morning. This is John Owen. We were going to roll out probably 20 branches of this year. They'd be concentrated, really, in three markets. St. Louis will be the majority, where eight or nine of our branches will open in St. Louis in the, really, second, third quarter time period. Atlanta would be another market where we're going to open branches on this quarter. And the last would be Houston. So those would be the key markets you'll see the roughly 20 branches open this year. There'll be a few infill markets in Memphis and Knoxville, and Charlotte and Williamsville as well. The other thing on a branching standpoint that were mentioned, consolidation, we've got roughly 30 to 40 consolidations teed up as well. So you'll our net branch count will be down a little bit, but you'll see us continue to invest in key markets.
John Owen: I would tell you, over the next two to three years, you'll see us continue to build roughly 20 to 30 branches a year in select markets. We also have opportunities where we can to continue to consolidate. The opportunities on consolidation are getting a little bit harder, if you will. We've consolidated, in the last two years, about 10% of our network over the last two years. And there's opportunity, and a lot of that opportunity is what I'll call two for ones or thee for ones, where we're taking a branch and expanding a branch to absorb two or thee of the branches that are nearby. So you'll see us balance out building and consolidating.
John Owen: The only thing I would add is the fact that the reason we've been able to consolidate as many branch as we have is our investments in our online and mobile space. We've had a lot of self-service transactions going online and mobile, and that's allowed, really, us to consolidate and not impact our growth.
John Owen: Yes, we've got roughly 90 video ATMs deployed. It really is -- we're finding out we're testing it a couple of different way. One, inside our branches, we're using the vestibules to extend banking hours. And to your point, customers can do most of their banking transactions on that video teller. They have an opportunity to talk to experienced banker that can help them with those transactions, and we've seen good adoption in our branches and the vestibules. We've also tried it in a few drive-thru ATMs. I would tell you, those are not quite as high usage because we don't have the ability to assist that customer and walk them through the process as well. So where we're seeing good adoption is in branch.
John Owen: Just a couple of points to reiterate. From a technology standpoint, we've been consistent even through the financial crisis with - and really significant investments in technology. If I think about consumer for a minute, we're very fortunate to operate on one consumer platform across all of our 1,470 branches. That gives us an advantage over competitors that have multiple platforms that they have to maintain and change over time. We also offer really good digital capabilities, invested heavily on our digital space in both online and mobile banking. Our customers give us good feedback. We have J.D. Power. They really survey our customers every quarter and give feedback on where we can make changes and where we can improve. And we come in every quarter in the top quartile in terms of our channel capabilities. From an ATM and video teller standpoint, rolled-out deposits, smart ATMs across our entire footprint, about 90 video tellers, we mentioned earlier, were testing. So a lot of investment both in the digital space and ATM space and branch channel. I'll move on to the wealth business. As Grayson mentioned, we converted about 14 platforms on our SEI platform, which really is a state-of-the-art platform, great customer experience, great associate experience, also gives us a better price point, if you will, going forward. From a commercial standpoint, our team has done really good job of inputting new iTreasury platform, which gives us a much better user interface, better reporting, better analytics in the iTreasury space. And they're working very hard with nCino to roll out new small business and commercial platforms. So a lot of good things happening. I'll tell you, it's one of those areas where you'll never be done. We're going to continually have to invest in the digital space and really balance out where we make our investments and where we place our bets. But I feel good about the platform we have in place.
John Owen: The only thing I would add, a couple of comments to Grayson. I'll go back to what I said earlier in the digital and mobile space. We won't spend more than some banks in that space, but we look at it through a different lens. And the lens I would look at it from is, what are our customers telling us about what our channel offers today? And I'll go back to J.D. Powers. Again, J.D. Powers assesses our branch network, ATM network, mobile and online and our call center as well. And when we look at it from a customer standpoint, we're consistently ranked in the top quartile. I think that's, to me, a more important metric than how many dollars you spend on it. So when we stack up in top quartile, and our branch network, our online actually came in number 2 out of top 23 banks last quarter, I think that's the land that we'll spend more time looking on. As far as innovations and things like that, a couple of things I'd point to, I think our remote deposit capture. We were not the first bank to launch remote deposit capture. But what our consumer team did, I thought was very innovative, which is they came out with a remote deposit capture several years ago that offers the customer choice. And that choice is around when do they get credit for that deposit. Is it immediate, and I can pay for that and get immediate credit, which is great for small businesses that are working free cash flow? Or they can do standard, which is a pre-deposit. So things like that. We're not going to be first but, we can improve on what we're doing there. The only other thing I would point out would be AI. There's a lot of discussion and talk about AI in the market. We've been working with it now for over a year. In our contact center, we're using AI for our agents to be able to really chat with IBM Watson and answer customers' questions quicker in a more accurate way. And there are things like that, that we're doing that are just happening behind the scenes, but we are innovating.
