John Turner: Thank you, Dana and thank you for joining our call today. We are pleased with our performance this quarter and importantly, we're beginning to see increased activity across our footprint. It gives us greater confidence for overall growth in the second half of the year. Earlier this morning, we reported earnings of $748 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.77. Credit quality at Regions and across the industry has demonstrated remarkable resiliency throughout the pandemic. Broadly speaking, since the pandemic began, I believe, banks have done a tremendous job, staying close to customers and supporting their needs by providing capital advice and guidance. As that begun to trap our footprint again and meet with customers, I see them gaining confidence in the economic recovery and their own business plans. I was seeing the strength of our markets first hand. This combined with the ongoing successful execution of our strategic plan has positioned Regions well for growth as the economic recovery continues. We remain focused on client selectivity, risk-adjusted returns and capital allocation, all while making investments particularly in talent and technology to support growth. For example, over the last year, we redesigned our mobile app and are continuing to make further enhancements to both our online and mobile platforms. We digitized the sales process. You can now apply for almost any consumer banking product online. We're putting digital tools in the hands of our bankers and contact center associates allowing customers to start a process in one channel and seamlessly transition to another. We now have e-signature capabilities across most of the franchise. As a result of all of these changes, year-to-date, digital sales are up 53% over the prior year. We have also leveraged artificial intelligence to build lead generation and next best action tools for our bankers. We're also utilizing Artificial Intelligence in our contact centers. Reggie, our virtual banker is on pace to handle over 1 million customer calls this year. Technology investments have also allowed nearly 100% of our contact center associates to work remotely providing permanent cost savings from reductions in legacy corporate space. In addition, over the last three years, we've increased mortgage loan originators by approximately 150 and we continue to add talent as we grow market share. We've also added approximately 80 client-facing associates across the corporate bank and wealth management with a particular focus on growth markets. We've consolidated over 215 branches while opening 75 De Novo branches, primarily within dense fast growing markets. These new branches have contributed almost 20% of our total retail checking account growth over the last three years. We're also investing in products and capabilities to serve our customers. In wealth management, we deepened our expertise in the not-for-profit and healthcare space, through the acquisition of Highland Associates, and we're working on a digital advisory solution with deployment targeted for late this year or early next. Last year, we purchased Ascentium Capital to help small businesses with their essential equipment needs and the platform has performed well throughout the pandemic. On the consumer side, we just announced an agreement to acquire EnerBank, a top 5 originator in the home improvement point-of-sale space, which we're really excited about. Going forward, we'll continue to look for bolt-on acquisitions that provide products and capabilities that are important to our customers. Win some really great markets as reflected on this slide, you see now. These markets, coupled with our go-to-market strategy and aided by technology investments have helped us realize some really nice growth in consumer checking accounts. Our year-to-date account growth is nearly 3 times higher than our 2019 pre-pandemic rate for the same period. So we have a really solid strategic plan that supports our goal of generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance and we have a proven track record of successful execution. We feel very good about our progress and believe, we are really well positioned to grow as the economic recovery continues to gain momentum in our markets. Now, David will provide you with some details regarding the quarter.
John Turner: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the last question first. Our markets were when COVID originally impacted the economy there were some of the last to close and first to reopen. And we're really have seen the benefits of that, increasing activity, economic activity in our markets. We also are operating in markets that are, some, at least vaccinated. And so we have been at risk of some recurrence of COVID, the Delta variant is having some impact on the population, but we've not seen it necessarily impact the economy, yet. Loan growth has been broad-based. We're seeing increasing activity across virtually all of our markets. Growth has been across multiple segments, whether it'd be small business, middle market, large corporate. We're growing in many of our specialized industries businesses like healthcare, technology, financial services, transportation, same growth in asset based lending. And so pipelines are -- have definitely expanded, as I think the point was made, they exceed levels that we were experiencing at this same time in 2019 and the needs are for to support M&A activity, to support short-term working capital needs associated with expansion in businesses, growth in commodity prices. And also increasingly some fixed capital investment which I think is a very good sign and then -- and frankly is a green shoot, we've been looking for.
John Turner: I should say on the -- just as a follow on the consumer side as well, we obviously had good mortgage production. We expect to begin to see some growth in card as the level of payments comes down and spend increases. So that should be positive as well.
John Turner: Yes, great question, Gerard. And when I asked Ronnie Smith just a few weeks ago, because they -- a lot of the outcome is the function of how the loan officer, relationship manager assesses the opportunity, when they put it in the pipeline. The good news is that our 75% probability pipeline, we're pulling through more than 90% of the opportunities that we believe we're going to win. So one of the reasons, you sense a little more confidence from us in our ability to grow is that we are seeing good opportunities and we believe at least at this point we're winning most of those good opportunities when we believe we have an opportunity to do that. So, I feel good about pipeline management and the efforts that our teams are putting forth to win new opportunities.
John Turner: It's a good bit higher than then 1Q -- it's slightly higher, I guess than 1Q. We began seeing some momentum build toward the end of the first quarter. It is, as I recall, 30% plus higher than it was this time two years ago.
John Turner: So new loan production in our Corporate Bank was up 23% linked quarter. I don't have that number right in front of me, but we'll get it while we're here on a two-year look back.
John Turner: Typically, we run 44%, 45%, so we're 400 basis points to 500 basis points shy of where we'd normally operate. And each 100 basis point differential means $575 million, $600 million in loan growth.
John Turner: And I think I'd just add, John that, as we have provided our customers more tools to better manage their finances, we've seen NSF/OD fees decline over time. So if you look back 10 years and come forward to today, there has been an over 40% decline in NSF/OD fees that we recognized. So I'll call that, I guess on average about 4% a year from customers just managing their finances better. We've grown our customer base over that period of time. So you'd have to assume there are fewer incidences of NSFs and overdrafts. And I think that, that trend will continue.  And as David said, we're prepared for that, through growth and other fees associated with growth in our business, whether it'd be debit card transactions associated with a high level of debit card activation and growth in checking accounts, growth in wealth management, capital markets and other sources of mortgage, other sources of fee income.
John Turner: Yes. So, it's -- today, we estimate the marketplace, is about $176 billion annual origination market across a couple of different categories of home improvement. EnerBank has been particularly active in HVAC and pools, have a growing presence in solar. And we have been observing, participating in indirectly, the point-of-sale lending space for now six or seven years and have aspired to have the opportunity to have an origination vehicle, if you will, and we think EnerBank provides that.  We've built our consumer lending strategy around lending around the home, if you will. So we've been investing in mortgage. We're making some improvements in our equity loan in line products and we think EnerBank is sort of the third leg of that lending around the homes to, with a focus on home improvement and point of sale lending at the -- to the consumer.  In terms of what we bring, we bring balance sheet. EnerBank's growth has been constrained to some extent by their willingness if you will, the parent company's willingness to fund their growth. And, we of course, have significant liquidity and a balance sheet and a desire to continue to grow that business. We bring banking products and services to EnerBank's customers, which we think we can more broadly deliver and deepen those relationships, which benefits EnerBank as well. And then, which bring overall capacity and an existing customer portfolio that we think we can market into across our footprint. So we believe the combination, really powerful. We think we can be a nice asset for growth. Nice, on a set of products to offer to our existing customers and at the same time, nice group of customers to sell our products into to meet EnerBank's customer needs. Should be a good combination.
John Turner: Well, we want to continue to add to some specific capital markets capabilities. We have a very good mortgage servicing rights group and so we're interested in potentially acquiring more and more mortgage servicing rights. We want to continue to, as David said, potentially grow and expand what EnerBank is doing. I think in wealth management, there is some potentially some opportunities to gain some additional capabilities there as well. So fairly -- fairly broad based is we think about other opportunities to grow and diversify our revenue and to acquire capabilities to help us meet customer needs.
John Turner: Well, it's -- we think it just continue to support the capabilities we have and continues to drive efficiencies through that particular unit. So, it's as much about benefits to the shareholder, I guess, as it is, meeting customer needs.
John Turner: We are -- we are reaching out to customers, reaching out to across our associate base, making sure that everyone understands the benefits we're providing and hopefully that translates into frankly customers beginning to increase utilization of the tools that we're providing. We're not saying early, early, we're seeing some nice pickup in alerts as an example, which I think is a key tool that customers can and will use to help them better manage their finances. We should be introducing our bank-on [ph] product, it's been approved and should be live sometime later this quarter. And we think that's another enhancement that when combined with the other changes, we're making. We'll send a real positive message to our customers.
John Turner: Well, I think they're originating loans across the country today and we don't intend to change that. The good news is that 55% plus of their originations are in our footprint and that makes some sense when they're financing HVAC and pool, swimming pools, you'd naturally think that a good bit of that activity is going to occur in the southeast. And so will contain a lean into that. In terms of cross sell, we're just beginning to have conversations with the leadership team there about how we'll go about it, but we have a similar effort underway, if you will with Ascentium Capital. And we're already beginning to see the benefits of that activity. So we'll have a template of sorts, with what we're doing with Ascentium and their customer base that we think we can leverage into the relationship with EnerBank.
John Turner: Yes. And it's -- think about just it's a function of product, so back to three primary products being HVAC pool and so are those are largely going to be products to get originated across the Sunbelt and on the West Coast.
John Turner: I do. I mean I would say, customers that I run into that, I mean that was such an incredibly stressful time for customers, for bankers. In the economy, there was so much uncertainty. And our ability to meet customer needs, and to help almost 80,000 customers, receive a loan through the PPP program had a huge impact on customers and on their employees. We think that we supported saving of over 1 million jobs as a result of the loans that we made. And so I think we did generate a good bit of additional loyalty. Good news is, our loyalty scores are already very high amongst our consumer and small business customer base. But I think our participation in the PPP program and the way we responded for customers ultimately did in generally a good bit of additional loyalty.
John Turner: I think that, I'll let David speak to the finances, but just purely from a strategic perspective, as I said earlier, we've been participating in through an indirect relationship, actually through indirect relationships we had. We've been participating in point of sale or unsecured lending to consumers on an indirect basis largely to support home improvement not entirely. And it has been our desire to find a way into that space as we've seen consumers migrate their borrowing from banks traditionally to these point of sale lenders. And so we've had an interest. We also -- as I mentioned are focused on lending around the home and meeting customer needs through three different sort of product channels. First, mortgage [indiscernible] loan and then third, this point of sale lending activity. So, we've been looking and interested for some time and we think EnerBank is a great opportunity for us, really well-run company, we like the team and the relationships they have, and so I believe it would have been just as interesting to us. But David, if you want to...
John Turner: Well, I wouldn't speak to the first part of the question. I'm not sure about the self-funding. I guess it's -- our hope is over time as we make investments, the cost of computing comes down and we're able to make continuously make investment. We said we're spending about $625 million as we pointed out, roughly 10% of that is dedicated to cyber security and defending our, the bank and our customers. Approximately 48% we said is dedicated to keeping the bank going to maintaining operations, and 42% support innovation and new ideas. And we're going to continue to -- to make those investments and we believe through doing things like improving our mobile app, through digitizing the account origination process, through giving our bankers, whether in the branches or commercial wealth RMs [ph] more digital tools to assist customers, e-signature capabilities across the footprint, drives digital usage. At the same time we want to make sure that we're investing in capabilities to give customers more self-service options that allow them to use all of our channels and have the same great experience whether they're at an ATM, in a branch or using their mobile or online app or talking to the call center that will be really important to us as we continue to try to meet customer expectations for convenience and speed of transaction more self-service options. So, I think as we make those investments they create process improvements, they help us drive efficiencies and effectiveness consistent with our desire to continuously improve and that generates more funding for reinvestment and technology and innovation. We believe that model and we prove that that model works over the last three plus years and we expect it will continue to work is an important part of our strategic plan.
John Turner: Great. Well, I'll just close by acknowledging the great work of our teams. These are still somewhat uncertain times and I think our teams remain focused on the things that we can control, particularly focused on taking care of our customers. And I think that, those benefits are beginning to appear in our results. So, I appreciate the work our teams have done. I thank all of you that participated today for your interest in Regions. Have a great weekend.
David Turner: Well, I think you can -- Matt, it's David. You could take the purchase price which is $960 million, and that's the capital we're going to use. We'll pick up a little bit of balance sheet and equity with that. So when you mean around that number, call it $1 billion, which is around numbers about 1 point.
David Turner: Yes, Jennifer. It's David. So from an expense standpoint, you could see our numbers, we're controlling that very well. I think it's in a day as we manage our human capital. It's providing a great place to work and we received a number of awards on that front. We're obviously in this transition period post our, I guess, still in the middle of the pandemic, but starting to return to work, but having some return to the office, I should say, we've been working the whole time, really providing some flexibility for our workforce. So I think, when you create opportunities like that, you have to pay people fair market value. We think we do that. So we haven't seen any big trends that have gone the other way, but we're cognizant of the fact that people have alternatives, when we're working at a remote environment. And I think being able to adapt to that and have flexibility, there will be a way to deal with it. So the answer I guess, short answer is, no, we haven't seen that yet.
David Turner: We can do some math around that, Jennifer. But it's probably a little premature to do so. We're working with a number of different opportunities. So for instance, in our contact center, we are 100% remote. And so the question is, will that remain that way. And if so, does that affect space over the long haul. That's just one example, there are going to be a number of those. I think we need to get a little more time under our belt, certainly it leads you to believe that in time, our square footage ought to come down and but I just don't know that we could quantify that at this point.
David Turner: I think you're going to see us continue to trend that we have -- we are going to consolidate our branches when it makes sense. We're going to make investments in markets that we think where we build out our density. And so you'll continue to see some new branches. The power of the new branches, we are really contributing disproportionately to our growth from those De Novo branches, but we also have to acknowledge the fact that we do have investments in digital are important as well. So, I think as we optimize our branch footprint, we're going to look for consolidation opportunities where we can take 2 for 1 or 3 for 1 branch consolidation where it makes sense in a given market to be as efficient as we can while maintaining access for our customers. They don't want to have them travel too far to our branches. So we're going to continue to optimize our retail network as you have seen us do overtime.
David Turner: Let me start with the end of second part of the question. So as the Fed continues to be less accommodative, I think that liquidity in the system will start to go the other way. We don't expect -- we didn't expect the growth we had this past quarter. So it continues to come in, of course, we have childcare credits, things of that nature that will probably pay to the liquidity. So, we're carrying on average about $23 billion sitting at the Fed, earning 15 basis points. We'd love to redeploy that in a more meaningful manner, but sitting here where we are with the tenure and trying to invest mortgage-backed security is probably ill-advised. Normally we had been -- that number has been, call it $1 billion, maybe $2 billion in normal times. So it's a tremendous number. We do think the surge deposits that we've had this year, $30 billion, that, we think 20% to 30% of that will persist on the balance sheet as we mentioned. I have a higher beta on it but, nonetheless, the question of timing really is centered on the economic recovery. And what the Fed does with its balance sheet, and if lower rate environment, more accommodation deposits means deposit linger longer, if in fact, the economy continues to rebound, we get the virus under control, when we start seeing GDP growth, people putting their cash to work and maybe we see it run out a little faster. So it's really, really hard to tell.
David Turner: Yes, total new and renewed was up 33%. But if we exclude PPP quarter-over-quarter is up 50%. And how that compared to pre-pandemic will -- yes we'll look that up as we go through the call and come back to you. That's what I think, the best of memory.
David Turner: Yes, John. So, your number is reasonably close to that. I think everybody has hit around that number. And our anticipation of all the things that we've done, our anticipation of customer behavior, our transparency, we're providing which is allowing customers to understand where they stand intraday on things that will pose to their account, the following night of a given day gives them more opportunity to take care of a negative account situation.  So we've tried to anticipate what all that is and our guidance on our service charges being down 15%, it was done because of that. It was done because we are doing things to help our customers. We reduced our overdraft caps and things of that nature in a given day. So now you've asked a question what could happen. We don't -- we don't know, we're trying to do what we think is the right thing, and what the government and regulators do. We'll have to adapt and overcome, if there is any change at all. So, I think our 15% below the -- 10% to 15% below pre-pandemic is our best answer at the moment.
David Turner: I'll add, as it relates to production, so 55% of their production is in our existing footprint, obviously 45% is not. And so, we're looking at continuing to build out and diversify throughout the country on this particular product.  One of the things that we bring that they did not have is, as you know, the yield is roughly 9% with 2.5 points of that coming from the contractor, the dealer and the other is the customer. And so, if somebody takes out a loan and then refinances, we are going to be there, that's going to be our customer now that we have a mortgage opportunity for.  So, if that happens, those fees get accelerated. And so, whereas EnerBank would have received that they wouldn't have gotten the benefits of the mortgage. We're going to be able to get that and the fees.  So we just think it's going to be very powerful. The last piece of this, I'll say, as John mentioned, is a large industry, but it's incredibly fragmented where EnerBank only represents 1% of that production and we think over time we're going to be able to penetrate this market much deeper than what they've been able to do primarily because of our funding.
David Turner: Yes, Ken. I think all the adjustments that we see right now we've made, but that -- we also had a caveat, and then, this is a pretty dynamic environment. So as circumstances change, we'll also adapt and overcome, we've talked about, we think there's a misunderstanding on our swap book, we do have a long terms, five year terms on our swaps. And as conditions change and we see an opportunity for rising rates, then you would expect us to take off some of that protection for low rate environment, protection that we have for the low rate environment. So that we can benefit as rates rise. That being said, we are naturally asset sensitive more so than many banks because of our deposit base. And so the repositioning of moving those notional amounts to a different period of time to help protect us when the economy actually rolls over the other way and the Fed becomes more accommodative. So, it's very dynamic. What we want to do is make sure we have an appropriate interest rate risk program that lets us benefit regardless of what the rate environment is. And that's on every day -- we have a whole group of people, that's what they do every day. And so we've made the changes we think necessary thus far, but we're going to continue to watch it.
David Turner: Yes, I mean that's the point. I'm glad you mentioned that. That's exactly the point we're trying to make. So if you just looked at the hedge benefit of $105 million, I think we have. We put that in the slide, if we didn't do at this time, we actually have a slide that show it drifting down lower as you go through 2023. But that's based on today. Over time, that can change, because if we reposition certain derivatives, we're not going to be benefiting from the derivative or we'll be benefiting because rates are higher on the rest of our loan portfolio. The purpose of the hedge was to protect us, not reduce [ph] NII and margin. It was to protect us if rates stayed low, which they have done. And so, when you think about giving up, if you will benefit from our derivatives, because either their term comes or we terminate them, it's because we're winning on our whole portfolio that helps offset and then some for NII growth. Hopefully, that makes sense.
David Turner: Let me go back to John Pancari's question on loan production. So, John, when you -- if you go back to the second quarter of '19 and you compare that production level to what we just had, it's a little over 100%, so a little bit more than double, what that production was at that time. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of context.
David Turner: Yes, financially, it would -- the fact that we had, idle cash, and is incrementally beneficial, but we would have still done the transaction with the debt financing. I mean the return on capital, return on investment that we're going to experience and continuing to grow. And we think that's -- at the end of the day, what our investors really want us to do with our business and the capital we generate instead of buying stock back and things of that nature is to invest in the business and grow and to make smart acquisitions where you get a disproportionate return. And you creating a product capability to serve existing customers and grow new ones that you can cross-sell to as we just talked about whether it be the 10,000 contractors or all the folks, individuals that have loans. So this was not done because of that. That was independent.
David Turner: Yes, Chris. I'll add. I think, so we're spending 10% of our revenue, technology. We expect to grow revenue over time and as a result, technology spend will increase. You've asked a very good question, and to the folks that work for Regions, I promise I didn't have Chris plant this question, because that's what we ask all the time is we're going to spend this kind of money, where is our return, when you're going to be on your own and that's hard to answer, Chris, but certainly we challenge ourselves all the time to make sure, every dollar that we spend is meaningful. And that we're not just spend in technology, spend technology, what would benefit does our customer get and what benefit do our shareholders get from the spend. It's a continual challenge and I think we're in pretty good position for that, but it's hard to give only, kind of give a project exactly when that's self-sustaining.
