David Turner: That's the $947 million as equivalent to that $1 billion that we've stated over the potential problems.
David Turner: $947 million is the actual number that migrated in the non-performing this quarter. The $1 billion was our estimate of those loans that were current and paying as agreed, they were accruing loans but had the potential because of some risk that we saw in them could migrate in the future quarters to non-performing. So the $947 million came out of that $1 billion.
David Turner: What we can tell you is that we will have that obviously disclosed in our Q when we finish our calculation. But if you look at our early-stage delinquencies and you look at our late-stage delinquencies, you look at our internally risk-related problem loans that we're saying all those are down, which gives us confidence that our migration is trending down. We have not come up with the final number of what would be in the 10-K at the end of the year yet.
David Turner: What we said was we became much more defensive in the fourth quarter on liquidity given our ratings action that we're taking. And we still continue to be more defensive than we normally would be with regards to liquidity. Just excess cash that we have cost us about 11 basis points, as I mentioned, in the fourth quarter, that's up from the eight basis points in the third quarter. We do believe, as we continue to have our improved migration that we talked about in terms of problem assets and sustainable profitability that they need to be defensive with regard to liquidity growth upside, which will give us the ability to put excess liquidity to work in a more meaningful manner. Also, if you look at our investment portfolio, it's pretty much all agency guaranteed, and I think what you'll see is, at some repositioning out of that over time into other asset classes. But today, liquidity was taken precedent over earning. So we hope, maybe during the first half, you'll still see pressure there, but it should lighten up towards the back half of the year.
David Turner: We've talked about, as things settle out and we get to normal, whether it be liquidity, the marketplace, that we could be in that 3.20% to 3.50% range in terms of margin. The question is when will all that settle out, when we can get back there and get our balance sheet positioned the way we want? We talked about moving mortgage from the business services to consumer and that takes some time getting our excess liquidity to work. When all that happens, we think we can get back to that margin range.
David Turner: As I think about Morgan Keegan in total, see if the economy continues to improve, you'll see some downward pressure on the fixed income with the private client, investment banking, as Grayson mentioned, and the consistent performance in Trust will serve to mitigate that. So we're looking for that continued expansion really in the investment banking, which showed great promise in the fourth quarter.
David Turner: You're right. It has been tough this past quarter managing that interest rate risk, but as I mentioned earlier, the liquidity was much more important to us and that's what the investment portfolio is. We continued to be asset-sensitive, perhaps down a little bit from the third quarter, but still asset-sensitive. So if rates rise, we will benefit from that. Our goal is not to continue to grow our securities portfolio. But as we continue to be successful in those deposit gathering, that gives us some opportunities, too. You saw our pre-payment of FHLB that we did literally right after the end of the third quarter and I think we disclosed that in our third quarter 10-Q. But we can continue to put -- as we grow deposits, we can be pretty aggressive with the rates there and our long-term goal is not to grow our investment portfolio, obviously, put it to work in loan growth. You heard Grayson's comments in terms of we really have seen some terrific loan growth in the commercial middle market space. So we will look for opportunities to put that cash to work better. I think the construct of the investment portfolio is as important and we have most of it in agency guaranteed mortgage backs, residential mortgage backs and we're looking at playing back in this other asset classes that would give us a little better yield for that. So that's kind of the global comments, I would say.
David Turner: No, I think you'll see a little bit of a reset there in the first quarter and we should be able to hold kind of where we land in the first quarter throughout the year.
David Turner: There are a couple of things. Obviously, the biggest one is a continued decline in the credit migration of problem assets, which will result in lower non-performing loans, which will result in a lower allowance need. And therefore, I forgot who asked the earlier question, maybe Betsy, in terms of when can we provide lessened charge-offs. So I think you really have to look at that migration is being a key indicator. We're feeling better in terms of the trends for migration and the ultimate declines in non-performing loans. You can see our chart where we're having more move to approval status there and also cash collections are increasing. We do think we're going to have better opportunities to restructure some of those loans and get those out of non-performing in time. And again, as the non-performer comes down and the need for the reserve comes down, we'll provide less than charge-offs. The other component, the other side is really working on the PPNR. And we're looking at for new credits that are going on the books, making sure we're being paid appropriately for the risks that we're taking and that has been a big plus for us as you saw our improvement in loan spread of five basis points. We continue to have ability to re-price deposits in terms of the CDs that are maturing, as I mentioned earlier. So we'll continue to have pick-up on that front as well. And from a non-interest revenue standpoint, we think we'll be stable from an NIR standpoint throughout the year. So really, turning credit that enables us to provide less in charge-offs and then increasing incrementally our PPNR is how we'll get to that level.
David Turner: We have, at the end of the year about $1.4 billion in DTA. That's up about $275 million from the level in the third quarter and that's primarily due to -- we had deferred tax liabilities that actually offset DTA in the third quarter rate related to our unrealized gains in the securities portfolio, so since we realized those DTL went away, which increased our deferred tax asset. Right now, we disallow about $400 million in capital from the DTA. That's down slightly from where we were in the third quarter and we do believe that, that $400 million will come back to us. It's about 40 basis points of Tier 1 Common. We believe that's just a matter of time before we can take that into our capital calculation. But in terms of our planning, we think where our Tier 1 Common right now is pretty healthy at 7.9%. We clearly are still a whole TARP in it, and at some point, we will be in a position to repay that and we've looked at what our Tier 1 Common we think needs to be from our early management standpoint, as well as what our regulatory supervisors believe. But it's 40 basis points left to come back into capital.
David Turner: All those didn't come from held-for-sale. I think we have also a chart that shows kind of what our held-for-sale was in...
David Turner: If you look at our chart on the back of the -- on the supplement on Page 23, you'll see, we generated gains on our held-for-sale and that's just trying to get the mark exactly right you'll see we do have write-downs during the quarter. They have been pretty negligible and we've generated some gains each quarter. So what that tells us is that our marks that we take will renew things to held-for-sale are pretty accurate.
David Turner: Well, without giving you explicit earnings guidance, I would tell you if you just looked at that, the impact of that, clearly, if the tenure is going up, everybody is going to have more risk in terms of unrealized gains either deteriorating or generating unrealized losses, which would put pressure on your tangible book value. But we had pretty wild swing in the tenure this fourth quarter and we don't see that change moderating some as we go through the first quarter, so we think the risk of having a tremendous reduction, if you will, in intangible book value from that alone, is far lower than it was in the fourth quarter.
David Turner: They are up. We gave you guidance. In total, we just haven't broken it down by quarter, but in that particular segment, they are fairly close to what we told you in terms of total loan portfolio.
David Turner: This is David, Brian. Clear, everybody has similar issues, but I think, we have probably more excess liquidity. That's 11 basis points from a credit standpoint, non-accruals and interest reversals, that's about 16 basis points for us and has been in that range just about all year. I think one of the key things we want to talk about and will do over time is changing our mix of business and in our loan portfolio, which is more largely concentrated on the business loans side versus the consumer side. And I think with the exception of one or two others, they have a bigger consumer book than we do. So we're going to look to move that. We think the ability to forecast losses in the consumer is a little easier than on the commercial side. So that you could price for that better. And I think the overall yields there will help us. So our consumer risk is really made up of two things: The one-to-four family and then also the HELOC book. Our HELOC book is about 90 basis points below where our peers are, so over time, we'll get that out as people re-finance their mortgage, we can get the rates up on our HELOC book.
David Turner: I think as the large banks are focused on that higher end corporate customer that commercial middle market seems to be opening up for us. So I think that the competition is little less in that commercial middle market and small business in particular versus the large corporate. That's where you are seeing really tough competition among all the players and that's where the spreads are getting tight and as we had mentioned on previous conferences and we want to be paid for the risks that we take. And we're not going to sacrifice yield just to book production. So that being able to stay in our space that we think we have a competitive advantage for in that commercial middle market, taking it from the bigger players is where we're seeing it.
Barb Godin: This is Barb Godin. There was no cleanup this quarter and even last quarter, there wasn't a policy change. It was just a more rigorous review about what's actually in our portfolios to make sure that we have identified everything where there was no guarantors' support, as an example, that we decided that we would move those into non-performing loans and that's a reason you saw the spike last quarter, but not this quarter.
Barb Godin: As you mentioned, in the third quarter, we took a very critical eye to all of the assets that we had to make sure that they were appropriately risk-rated. But we understood the guarantor's strength behind all of the loan, and you saw that increase in the third quarter, but that kind of discipline has carried on clearly into the fourth quarter and I anticipate that is one will carry on forever, quite frankly, as we look forward. So I really don't look to any large changes to say that we're going to be doing anything significantly differently as we think about the future.
Barb Godin: That's correct. This is Barb Godin. We think the larger hit from those coming from a non-performing loan group, out of a held-for-sale, before '05, we sold approximately 187 coming out of our held-for-sale in the fourth quarter.
Barb Godin: No. In fact, we want to ensure that what we are selling is going to be coming out of the held for sale portfolio and the change that we're making clearly, we're seeing an inflection point in the market where right now we believe it's in the shareholders' best interest and it makes more economic sense that we actually spend more time around the restructuring of these loans versus looking for sale opportunities. We'll always have sale opportunities. They will always come along and we'll address those when we balance that against, is it better for us to hold that asset now and look for a better outcome in the coming quarters. Again, what we have coming in, for example, from income producing properties, there is much more opportunity than there has been in the past for restructures of those loans.
Barb Godin: This is Barb. I don't think I can give you anything that is percentage-wise. What I can tell you is just anecdotal experience and what that means is we’re able to look at those performing non-performer in a very different light, i.e., there is much more opportunity for us to restructure them and get them back to accruing status. So, the numbers will (tell) off themselves in due course, but I do see them as a much better quality non-performing loan if there's any such thing.
Barb Godin: Yeah, I think TDRs are going to probably stay relatively stable as we look forward and again remembering that on the TDRs any change that we make to a loan, be it on the consumer or the commercial side, we automatically are sliding in as the TDRs. So, I really don't see a lot of change on that.
Barb Godin: The re-default rate which is 22%, ever 60% or more, and we generally have not provided guidance to this point on how much we have established by way of a reserve against the TDRs.
O. Hall: Marty, this is Grayson. I think the other thing in everything that David said around liquidity and the securities portfolio, I think you have to add to that two things. One is, what we've seen in the fourth quarter is some of the best loan production that we've seen in quite some time. Our commercial loan production up 47% over prior year. Our consumer loan production up over 8% over prior year, but that hasn't translated yet into a balance sheet growth. But it's a very positive sign. As well as the assets that are on our books that are in investor real estate are moving off of our books quite rapidly. The rates there are much less advantageous than the rates for the new business, if we're putting on the books, as well as we're re-pricing our book as it renews. We do think some of the actions we took in the fourth quarter will temporarily harm or compress our margin, but we do plan our way back over time.
O. Hall: Obviously, there's a lot of competition in that particular segment. What we've seen is an awful lot of competition in the upper end of commercial C&I. Where we have been most successful is in the commercial middle market and in small business and in some of our specialty lending functions, in particular, energy, healthcare and asset-based lending. We still are seeing opportunities to make loans at rates that we believe pay us for the risk we're taking and on to spreads that we feel are fair and appropriate for both us and the customer.
O. Hall: But we believe those are reasonable targets for us to have and we just have to reposition our balance sheet in order to achieve that.
O. Hall: Betsy, obviously, our perspective is, that we want to stay very disciplined as we look at our allowance methodology and as we see improvement in our credit metrics, it's obviously playing into that process and into that methodology. We are being careful not to run the risk of pre-mature release of reserves, but as our credit metrics improve, we would expect the process to take that into account, but we're being disciplined at this juncture.
O. Hall: Well, yes, I would tell you that, that perspective is evolving. We clearly have come out and said that we want the investors CRE to be no more than 100% of risk-based capital or $14 billion. If you look at it, we're $15.9 billion today at period end. And it continues to come down fairly rapidly. We have substantially reduced our exposures and if you look at Land, Single Family and Condominium, at the end of last year, we were at about $5.6 billion, we're about $3.1 billion, $3.2 billion today. That's down over 44% in 12 months and we will continue to de-risk. We are still making commercial real estate loans. The demand for that product is fairly limited and it's much better underwritten, much better priced, but it's not sufficient today to sustain the level of commercial real estate loans that we have. We will expect that to improve as the economy improves, but it's quite candidly, we could see our commercial real estate loans drift below that targeted level of $14 billion.
O. Hall: Well, I think in larger part, it's going to continue to be driven by the economy. We have been and the performance the markets thereof, as you saw in our businesses there, we're seeing good growth in -- the strongest growth we're seeing is coming out of our investment banking revenues. As you may recall, about a year ago, we combined all of our investment banking activities in the one single leadership in Morgan Keegan and they've continued to show progress as that market has improved. Our retail brokerage has as well improved. Fixed income, which has been one of the best performing units within Morgan Keegan, revenues were down slightly there, but still very, very strong. And our Trust business, while not a high-growth business has been a very good performer from a margin perspective and has been very efficient in their operations. We believe Morgan Keegan still has the potential to grow from here. But it's going to, I think, when you look at the growth we saw in assets under management, 3.5% quarter-over-quarter, that was very strong. It will take favorable markets to sustain that. But I think we've got a team that's focused on growing that business fairly substantially over the next several quarters.
O. Hall: This is Grayson. I don't believe that managing expenses as ever over. There's always opportunities that we have to try to be more efficient, and obviously, with the revenue headwinds that this industry is facing and this institution, in particular, we have to find ways to be more efficient. We consolidated 122 offices last year and reduced 700 positions out of the company, as well as reduced a number of discretionary spending categories plus some fairly large amounts. We continue to do that. I really don't look at expense reduction as a program, but it's a discipline that you have to add every day in the business and we continue to look for opportunities to reduce our expense and you will see that over time. Obviously, the environmental expenses are the biggest opportunity we have as the credit metrics improve, you'll see the benefits from those expenses starting to moderate.
O. Hall: We have to be careful not to give guidance on that issue, but I would add a couple of thoughts to it. As you look at our charge-offs for the quarter, I would direct your attention to two components of that charge-off. One is valuation charges are collateral valuations. If you look at over the past several quarters, it's continued to trend downward. It's been a substantial part of our charge-offs, not that real estate values have bottomed in all of our markets. but obviously the pace of decline has slowed and there seems to be some stabilization coming in the many markets and those valuation charges should continue to moderate if the economy continues to go along the same line we are today. The other component I would tell you to look at is the loans, distressed loan note sales and foreclosed property sales. Obviously, a big part of our charge-offs have come out of our aggressive stance on de-risking our portfolio. We did $405 million in distressed note sales and foreclosed properties this past quarter. There's a substantial amount of charge-offs that comes with that. We fully expect that strategy to moderate as our inflows moderate. And we have to see that happen first. And when we see that, I think, there is an opportunity for us to have those two components, PPNR and charge-offs cost.
O. Hall: Again, our positional TARP repayment really has not been modified. We still believe that the best strategy is for us to be prudent and patient. We have discussed at length our capital plans with both our Board and with our Regulatory supervisors. We feel very confident in the plan that we put together. And we believe that we are executing along that plan. We do believe it's in the best interest of this organization and our shareholders for us to continue to focus on returning to sustainable profitability and giving into position with credit. We're, both our Board, our shareholders and our supervisors feel confident in repayment and repayment on terms that are more favorable. So we will continue to be patient and prudent. We're working through that and I do think that obviously with the activities going on around us that we watch those very carefully, understanding how those decisions are being made. I do not think that TARP is a competitive problem. We're not seeing issues with our customers either on the consumer or the commercial side. The bigger issue with our customers is service, product and making sure that they've got trust and confidence in this organization. At the end of the day, most of the stigma around TARP is internal with our people and external with our investors. And so we're trying to be balanced in our approach, but remain patient and prudent in that regard.
O. Hall: And as far as loan sales go, our priority would continue to be to sell out of our other real estate owned and our held for sale portfolio.
O. Hall: Well, I would say that clearly, there is a seasonal aspect of our business and generally, the fourth quarter is a good quarter for our Commercial Lending business. But when you look at comparing our rates to the same period last year, as I mentioned a moment ago, our Commercial business, excluding investor real estate is up 50% and even if you include investor real estate, it's up 44%, so while there's a seasonal aspect to it, we're seeing a real shift in demand and it really, again, as I mentioned earlier in my presentation, it's really not about increased line utilization. We only saw a very minor improvement in line utilization; we're right at 40%. Most of it was really around capital expenditures for equipment, in particular, technology. Also, in acquisitions of companies and/or properties, and again, most of the growth we saw the three segments that I pointed out was Healthcare, Energy, and also Asset-based Lending.
O. Hall: We think that opportunity exists depending on what assumptions you make about the economy, if the economy continues to trend in a very positive way, the last few months, then I think there's obviously upside opportunity for us in that particular segment.
O. Hall: Just following up on that same question, I think, the other factor Jeff placed in there is that the mix of fixed rate loans, the variable rate loans and we went into the cycle with a lot more variable rate than our competitors and they have paid a price for it. Certainly, as we move forward, we're going to come closer to here. But it's really on the lending side, the deposit mix, obviously, our deposit costs were too high a year ago. We've moved that more to peer levels. But our loan yields, still we haven't gotten to the peer level, part of it is mixed and part of it is pricing and we make the improvements on both.
O. Hall: Well, I'll tell you, we've got John Carson and the team at Morgan Keegan working hard on trying to improve not only top line, but the bottom line. We've made improvements there and we'll continue to make improvements there. As you are all aware, we did an awful lot of legal expense in that group over the past year. That seems to be subsiding somewhat, but we are anticipating a better bottom line out of that group in 2011.
O. Hall: I'd tell you from looking at the numbers as well as travels around. Our footprint, we're seeing strong growth, as I mentioned it, it's not in one particular place, literally out of our – we divide our franchise up into 20 markets and literally had growth in C&I in the fourth quarter out of 16 to 20 market. The four markets that didn't grow were relatively stable. So, when you look at it from a geographic standpoint, we saw especially strong growth in Texas and in Tennessee and in Georgia where three markets that we saw strong growth and two of those markets, Texas and Georgia, we have a fairly limited presence there it's a good presence, it's a good set of bankers but we only have dominant share in either of those markets. Tennessee, we have a very dominant share and did very well there, but there is some industries located in Tennessee that gave us particular advantage, in particular healthcare. So, we are seeing growth widespread across the franchise and when you look at who we're taking that from is varied market-by-market. There is still some disruption in the market that we're taking advantage of as events unfold. But as David said, part of it is, is we focused a little bit lower down in the middle market and lower end of C&I and in the small business, in particular, which is not – the competition has not been as stiff there.
O. Hall: The TDR balance is predominantly made up of the residential loan assets and our recidivism rate that Barb has indicated, it has been 22%. It's held pretty steady at that level for some time.
O. Hall: Well, my sincere appreciation for everyone's time and attention and in particular, for your interest in Regions Financial. We hope today's call was helpful. We'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
