Grayson Hall: Thank you David and before we move to question, I'd like to give you Regions' position and topic. It has received a tremendous amount of publicity of late, residential foreclosures. Regions have a solid and tested foreclosure process in place to ensure the fairness for customers and compliance with state and federal regulations. In cases where all options to avoid foreclosures had been exhausted the committee of key managers approves the decision to perceive before closure after a thorough dealing of loan documentation. Once the decision has been made to proceed the process is the same where the loan is owned by Regions or by an investor that we service the mortgage for. In each case, department managers review and verify the accuracies of loan documents and states where mortgage foreclosure affidavit or some other legal documentation is required. The document is completed and signed by the department manager in the presence of a notary employed by Regions. Due to our foreclosure prevention efforts and a relatively small sized Regions' servicing portfolio, our foreclosure volumes have remained relatively low. Regions foreclosures on approximately 100 loans that we own each month and 160 investor loans each month. Staffing levels are sufficient to internally verify loan information and appropriately execute required documentation. Regions has a residential mortgage servicing portfolio of $41.2 billion. Of that $16.3 billion are loans that we own while $24.9 billion are loans owned by government agencies or investors such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Our foreclosure rate for the entire portfolio both owned and investor is less than half the national average.  Our ability to maintain lower foreclosure rates is the result of proactive efforts to provide solutions to distressed customers. In late 2007 Regions began reaching out to customers at the risk of falling behind in payments through our customer systems program. This program is available to customers whose loans we own and service. To date, we have helped more then 30,000 customer stay in their home. We have received all available options to help homeowners avoid the foreclosure including loan modifications, rate reductions, short sales and Deed-in-Lieu of Foreclosure. Foreclosure is the option of the last resort when forward foreclosure does take place, evictions are rare as many homes are second homes investment properties are no longer occupied. Our focus on the customer has resulted in the Regions second consecutive year ranking in the top five of J.D. Power and Associates customer satisfaction survey from a (inaudible) of mortgage services. That being said we have directed our leadership and the business in internal audit and in risks management to review and validate each process step to ensure full compliance with all laws and regulations and customer needs.  Operator that concludes our remarks and now we will open it up for questions. 
Grayson Hall: Marty, good morning, just a couple of comments, then I will ask Bill Wells, Chief Risk Officer to make some additional comments. Number one is that we do see some of our credit trends clearly moderating. Our early stage and late stage delinquencies appear to have stabilized and declining slightly. We do see internal risk created loans improving as you saw in our numbers. However the migration to non-performing status clearly stands out this quarter. It was significantly up from last quarter and as we mentioned last quarter we were very cautious. One quarter does not make a trend and as we look to loan portfolio the cause and economic recovery, it really focused around commercial real estate and in particular the guarantor. If you look at it, as the economy continues to have a slow recovery, the capacity and willingness of these guarantors comes into question. And as we look at what's migrated into the non-performing status this quarter as you saw the amount we disposed off a significant amount of that migration but we also retained quite a bit and of what we retained 64% is still paying as agreed. But there are good question even though they are paying they are questions raised regarding the capacity or the willingness of those guarantors to continue. With that I will ask Bill to make a few comments.  With that I'll ask Bill to make a few comments.
Grayson Hall: And Marty we've remained cautious in regards to bulk sale. It's really the first material bulk sale we've participated in. Clearly, when we moved as Bill said close to 4000 properties, out of our portfolio, the economics of bulk sales are very challenging and we were pleased to be able to execute this transaction internally. We still are not particularly encouraged by the economics of bulk sales but we still believe the best way to do these, our strategic sales but as we looked at these particular properties and how long we estimated that we'd have to carry them to sell them the strategic bars, we believe this was the right decision to accelerate the de-risking of our portfolio.
Grayson Hall: Marty as we were entering into the third quarter, clearly there was a pause in the economic recovery in the country and we have taken a much more disciplined, much more conservative approach to looking at guarantor support. And we have challenged ourselves on guarantor support to determine as Bill said, the capacity of our guarantor is, has it held up through this economic cycle, where did they stand purely from a capacity prospective? But also as you continue to see valuations of these properties decline, how much decline and willingness of these guarantors did we see?  And so we have taken a very rigorous and disciplined approach to look at guarantor support, and that's why you are seeing many of these, they are paying as agreed moving to a non-performing status.
Grayson Hall: Craig I think that we have sort of stayed the course with our strategy of acceleration of disposition of stressed assets, and we would anticipate continuing that strategy till we see a clear turn in the credit metrics. 
Grayson Hall: Yes, the more meaningful maturities come in the first quarter of next year where we do have some CDs maturing in the first quarter that are over in access of 4% cost of funds.
Grayson Hall: Betsy, I think the way to look at it, last quarter we saw the migration in last quarter, we expressed that we saw moderation in our credit trends, but we were cautious because we are seeing a little bit of volatility, if you will in migration quarter-to-quarter. And as we progressed into the third quarter we're disappointed with the amount of migration that occurred, but nevertheless that's where the economics of our customer base took us in that review.  As I've said earlier, we see encouragement in some of the trends in terms of early stage and late stage delinquencies. We didn't see any surprises on the consumer side. Consumer side while still elevated continues to modestly improve a little, but really tracks very closely to our forecast. The disappointment this quarter was all around investor commercial real estate that continues to be the problem segment in our portfolio. We do believe that the aggressive stands that we took on guarantor support is reflected in these numbers, but in terms of trying to give guidance on where this goes in the fourth quarter I'm reluctant to do that. 
Grayson Hall: An interesting fact Ed to that when you look at the growth in our commercial and industrial segment it really is the middle market segment and those customers have really won and lost one at a time. And our efforts around making sure our bankers are calling frequently and calling prospects because if you look at our commercial line utilization it's approximately 40% this time, roughly 39% last quarter. It hasn't moved much and it sort of bounced around that 39% to 40% for several quarters in a row. If you look at our pipelines, as we mentioned in last quarter's conference call, we started to see some strength in July. That strength, we were a little cautious, it might not hold up in terms of new business. It's continued to hold up through the quarter and the sales pipelines that we're looking at today are strong but it really, there's nothing really special that we're doing from a growth standpoint. It's just executing our plans of calling on customers. It's a very competitive market, obviously, the industry is struggling with loan credit and so it's very competitive and we're trying to win these customers, one at a time each and every day.
Grayson Hall: So I mean, because I do think that we will continue to see some improvement on our deposit cost. We believe that's going to occur but the patient improvement coming from deposit cost will obviously slow and the material improvement on our margin going forward has to be in loan pricing discipline.
Grayson Hall: And every time we revaluate evaluations, and so we will have to calculate that. It's a good question.
Grayson Hall: Heather I've got Barb Godin here with us, and I'll ask Barb to sort of answer that question, please.
Grayson Hall: And Jefferson we have predominantly sold to the agencies, and so almost all our put backs coming from the agencies. They come in two forms. They come in and make hold transactions which is where the agency has disposed of that property at a loss, and they're expecting to make them whole on that loss.  They also come back in mortgages that they're asking us to put back on our balance sheet. As David said, we're incurring a loss on the combined of those two in the $3 million to $5 million a quarter. That's a little bit up from last year, but not materially.  And we look at a $40 billion loan portfolio that we're servicing it's just not material to our numbers, and that we don't anticipate it in the coming material. I would tell you on the loans that they are putting back to us. We are challenging or appealing some numbers of those. We are probably the ones we feel. We probably win half of those but I would tell you successfully they are putting back about 80% of what they desire to put back and so but overall I mean if you look at our numbers, the size of our portfolio, just not a material issue for Regions.
Grayson Hall: Scott, we continue to see from market to market. There are markets in Florida stabilizing but there are many who still are showing the clients and we are predicting further clients in the next year. Right now on average in Florida our foreclosure process, we are taking about 23 months. We are trying to work hard with those customers but obviously our foreclosure rate in the State of Florida is high. Its about at the national average for all the US but Florida as you know is probably three or four times the national average of Florida and so we are disappointed that we got foreclosures period but encouraged it for forward closure rate compared so favorably but we would anticipate that there's going to be a lot of attention on this issue, its too early to call. There is a certain amount of media attention and there will be a certain amount of regulatory intensity around this foreclosure issue. I think in today's call its way too early for us to predict what some of the implications to foreclosures will be going forward. I can tell you we feel good about our process but we are going back and revalidating and retesting to make sure that everything is working as it should be but I think it's going to take a few weeks for this issue to fold out across the industry and as it does, we will react appropriately but I think we are in a good position today.
Grayson Hall: But Scott let me be clear, the valuation is a big part of this issue. It's not just revaluating guarantor support, its revaluating guarantor support and a lot of valuation change.
Grayson Hall: Well, thank you everyone for your questions. We appreciate your time this morning and we will stand adjourned. Thank you. 
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: I had a question on inflows. We had to schedule in there in the past that we are kind of showing as what that migration was. I estimate that it's still above a $1 billion per quarter so I wanted to kind of get a feel for maybe what that number might have been this quarter and then also you are talking about the inflows being more related to paying as agreed. So what triggered moving more of those into non-performers this quarter.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: And I guess a follow-up to that would be if you are looking at the pricing and you said that deteriorated this quarter, was that related to what you were selling. In essence was it more distressed or more land oriented or was that really just contraction and you think in the market in the sense over the willingness of investors.
Marty Mosby - Guggenheim Securities: Well, I guess what we were talking about is the composition of the bulk sale drove some of the pricing being lower, and then also did you have any other process where you looked at the guarantors or was there something in the sense of review process that triggered you to say I need to go look at those and then expedite moving some of those more in the non-performer. And I will let the questions move on. Thank you so much.
Bill Wells: Yes, Marty. The first thing we talked about last quarter about being very cautious about where we were with the economy the slow growth economy and all we saw on our migration really is a reflection of what we've seen in the economy. Also, as we looked at our valuations, that has caused us to be very conservative in how we've looked at our non-accrual calls and that's what with the up tick in looking at our growth inflows. As Grayson mentioned, the one thing to talk about while we are disappointed in the inflow, increase in inflow and migration, what we did note is that a high percentage of ours, over 60% of the non-performing loans that we had remaining at the end of the quarter were currently paying. But what the difference is as Grayson mentioned there were some questions about the guarantors' willingness or capacity to pay. So we thought it was very (inaudible) on a non-accrual. Having said that, we do think the loan severity is less than what we have seen before in earlier migrations and also gives us the ability to do more restructures which in the past we have not done a lot of restructuring. The other thing that Grayson mentioned is that as we see the gross migration coming in, we are continuing our efforts to aggressively de-risk the balance sheet. We've seen that not only in the reduction and investor real estate of 1.5 billion over the quarter but also our ability to dispose off problem assets in our sales program which continues to work very well for us.
Bill Wells: The one thing Marty what we did is a couple of quarters ago we were approached by two or three companies to look at some efforts of disposing of our problem asset and we did a bulk land sale at this time. It was well up to almost 4000 properties. These were small loans located primarily land located throughout our footprint and so in our pricing that we saw, we saw a little bit more discount than what we have been seeing in the past. That bulk sale discount was about 40% of the book balance that we had. The other thing that I would say is that on our additional sales we were probably averaging in the low 20s. So an average for us when you face the bulk sale and what we did on the node sale was the discount rate on our dispositions of about 31% as opposed to what we did last quarter of 24%.
Bill Wells: I would say that probably the majority when we say that 60% of what was non-performing loans that were current I think you would say that a good percentage of what we saw is dealing with that guarantor support. The other thing I had also mentioned too, Grayson mentioned early stage delinquencies were at about 2.09% that's relatively flat quarter-over-quarter.  You look at our 90 plus stage they are actually down in business services. And the one thing that David had also mentioned earlier, while we don't disclose the actual number, we have seen a second quarter decline of our internally risk-rated of credits which shows a another positive trend when we talk about what we think will happen for the future. 
Bill Wells: What we do Scott is, as we go through our risk rating scale, we go through and look at guarantor support on an ongoing basis. These are some of our credits that we had identified and we went through those specifically to identify where the guarantor issues were. Usually these are in some of your troubled assets when the question came up about valuation and that in part came about the question about looking at guarantors. But we look at our whole portfolio on an ongoing basis to look about where we are as far as the guarantor's willingness and capacity to repay.
David Turner: Well right now we have about $40 million to $50 million under contract, it's trending again very, very good. But the marks are holding back to what we saw pretty much in the second quarter, when you take out the bulk sales.  So again there is a lot of interest in properties. We continue to move it. We try to strike our best deal possible. And as Grayson said, we have seen our best result, is when we find a strategic buyer for these properties.
David Turner: And also to Craig what I'd say is you would see us continue to use the held for sale. And then as you look at our marks that once it moves and the held for sale have been pretty consistent overtime, and hold to when we actually move it into held for sale and marks have held true.
David Turner: We have about $4 billion that our CDs that are maturing in the fourth quarter. The cost of that was just over 2%.
David Turner: Yes, we do feel good Betsy about getting to our net interest margin goal of 3%. Like I said earlier we were hopeful to get to it in this past quarter, didn't get there for the prepayments I had mentioned on the mortgage-backed security portfolio. The ultimate net interest margin is going to be driven by the rate environment, which is driven by the economy.  We have positioned the balance sheet in the hedging strategy to protect us on the low side from a protracted low rate environment for 2012. If on the other hand rates continue to go up the economy rebounds, then we will still participate in that rebound just not as much as we otherwise without the hedges. And we think that, that means everything is getting that much better. So we are willing to take that risk to protect ourselves on the low side. And I would expect that you would see like I said modest improvement in the net interest margin. But it's all driven by what rates there.
David Turner: In terms of loan demand we have been encouraged by areas within our CNI portfolio or middle market. We are able to fully leverage our strength there. And specific industries I have mentioned energy in Texas has really been a spot for us to generate loan growth. We think that will continue. We have continued to invest in specially teamed in energy specifically out of Houston, and we expect that to continue for us for some time.  We do have other specialized industries that we will be investing in, and Regions business capital. We also have investments in healthcare. We think it's particularly strong for us. So areas of those industries where we see capital expenditures and continued expansion in those businesses really was driving our loan growth and our investment in the areas of the country that are driving that. As it relates to the Resi mortgage growth obviously a lot of refinance activity going on across the country for the rate environment that we have, we have continued to, we put the product on our books. We continually evaluate what we want to put on our books from a rate standpoint, duration standpoint. So I think we have opportunities to grow that but we will be evaluating and have evaluated is whether or not we want to put a given rate or duration on that's available to us.
David Turner: Let me give you a little more color on you asked the margin questions, so did Craig earlier. As we continue to reflect on where we think we can go for 3%, it's more specifics on our maturing CD's. In the fourth quarter we do have the $4 billion maturing, the average rate there is 1.37% and then in the first quarter its $4.6 billion of CD's maturing with a rate of 2.36%. So you could think about that in terms of where we might go with our continued improvement in large and net interest income and margin expansion.
David Turner: It carries a little bit into the second quarter but the strongest is in the first quarter where we have some CD's at 4.55%.
David Turner: I think if you just did a straight line, you have 16 for the quarter, we just had, which was essentially a month and a half. So if you double that in your 32, straight lines, so 32 and the 16 is 48. That's your 50 million. And there's a little question in caution's caution. Caution in there with respect to what might happen, that's where the number comes from.
David Turner: Today our deferred tax assets is a little over $1 billion. We exclude just over $400 million from our capital calculation and that's based on regulatory rules. We look at and forecast our income as defined by the regulators and that 400 didn't change dramatically from quarter to quarter, do we continue at it every quarter and it's dependent on our return to sustainable profitability. So I guess the way I would look at it is as we see the economy turn, the credit turns and our return to sustainable profitability will be the triggering point where we can count that little over $400 million with just 40 some odd basis points in Tier 1 common and so we continue to look at that every quarter. 
David Turner: Yeah, we had mentioned in the conference about pre-payment really coming through the government short revive program versus this which is kind of market driven with a low rate environment. Given, we do have substantial gains in our investment portfolio, a little over $600 million at the end of the quarter, that's up even today, we measured today, which poses risk to us to the extent pre-payments occur. We are going to evaluate what that risk is and whether it makes sense to continue along with our strategy which has been a fairly clean investment portfolio virtually all of it in agency guaranteed and we did that as we de-risked our balance sheet at CMBS, taking credit risk and our investment portfolio. We had on the loan side and we did think that was prudent for us to do. We are looking at ways to re-invest proceeds coming off the investment portfolio as well as whether it makes sense to take any gains and reposition into other asset classes, whether it would be back into some of newer (inaudible) CMBS or corporate or whatever the case maybe and we will reevaluate that during the quarter. What we have been seeing from a cash flow perspective of the investment portfolio, it's been about $500 million per month to re-invest. As a result of prepayments that number's been up about $300 million on top of that. So we have about $800 million right now to deal with from a reinvestment standpoint and we will consider that in our overall balance sheet strategy going forward through this fourth quarter.
David Turner: We've continued to honestly look at our capital levels. We feel like we are in good position from that standpoint. We do have, as I mentioned earlier, over $600 million for the gains sitting in our portfolio. We have in order to really get our capital generation goal, we've realized we have to return the sustainable profitability there, which is dependent on our turn, in our credit metrics.
David Turner: We've continued to evaluate the level of our reserves that we need to have. Our charge offs will remain elevated as we discussed. Our provisioning will be dependent on what we see credit metrics doing from a migration to non-performing status. And as we see that while our charge offs may remain high, the question is when are you able, when is it prudent to do, to provide less than your charge offs and that's what we have to watch each and every day for that turn. 
David Turner: We have a robust capital planning process that we go through, including multiple scenarios, adverse scenarios. We have about, actually five scenarios that we run from an adverse standpoint, which includes GET and housing prices and unemployment. And we have gone through those scenarios and believe we will be adequately capitalized through those scenarios.  We continue to update that each and every month as the group meets, and we think from that prospective that we have enough capital. If you go through another double debt I will see if it strains on capital, no question about that. But we think based on our forecasting that we should be in okay shape from that standpoint. 
David Turner: We haven't given guidance with respect to what we think our book value will be or our earnings for the next year. I think there is no question that the determinant of where we will be with regards to tour book value is going to based on the economy and the turn in our credit metrics. And that is the key driver. And if you can tell me when the economy is going to settle down and improve, I can give you better perspective on that. But that is really what it is going to be driven off of.
David Turner: Yes, Heather I would say that the majority of what you saw in our dispositions was really dealt with on the commercial side. We did do that bulk transaction that has to do on our sales of, I believe it was $350 million that had part of it coming out of the loan sale and OREO, but the majority of what you saw coming through was from the commercial side.
David Turner: It is predominantly coming through on the land side. If you look resi land. If you look at page 24, of our earnings supplement that gives a little bit of a break down. And I would say when you look at land condo and single family, the majority of the green part is coming out of the resi side.
David Turner: I am trying to go through and think of our numbers of how I will have to get lift and get back to you on that and make sure we have the right number. Because we're gone through and marked down over a period of time and then did a recent markdown we move the held for sale. 
David Turner: In terms of our put back they've been fairly consistent and not all that large, we're probably in the $3 million to $5 million range per quarter. We think we have our reserve covered about almost two years of our exposure based on our experience with our reserve of around little over $30 million. So our put backs repurchased reserve issue that you've seen in other places just have not been an issue for us.
David Turner: The threshold is more likely than not. If you would realize the benefits of that deferred tax asset and so we evaluate that. The vast majority of our DTA is due to our allowance for loan losses and the timing differences related to that, for booking tax. We don't have a lot of net operating loss carry forwards that are about to expire which would put more risk that you would have to have evaluation allowance for GAAP purposes. So we've obviously trended out cash flows and profitability over an extended period of time in support of the DTA and from a GAAP standpoint we don't foresee at least at this juncture any valuation allowance, anything in addition to what we already have. I think we had some valuation allowance for some state net operating loss carry forwards that are fairly minor but we do not anticipate having that valuation allowance for GAAP purposes.
David Turner: Let me add to that. We go through a process and get updated with appraisals periodically but we have, you know, its incumbent upon us to make sure we are taking markdowns on our OREO at least quarterly for the accounting rules. So even if we don't have an appraisal, doesn't mean we don't at least consider what we are seeing with sales activities, what's going on in the marketplace. We would leverage that information to think whatever much we think we need to on a quarterly basis.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Maybe I'm just missing something here but I'm trying to understand the Reg E impact that you had this quarter which hit was $60 million drag and how you get from that to the 50 to 60 for the back half of the year. I guess I thought I would just take double that 60 million.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just something on your deferred tax assets, it looks like the amount that was excluded from Reg capital came down a little bit this quarter. And I was just wondering if you could give us one, the overall deferred tax asset amount and then just how we should think about how much is included versus excluded going forward in the inventory capital.
Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: Lastly if we look at the securities portfolio, I think you have one of the higher quality books out there and that might be driving some of the increase in prepayments which is obviously happening industry wide but if you could give us a sense of what the prepayments have been doing there and I guess what the strategy is on the securities book going forward, do you plan to reinvest or let something run off like you this quarter and use us (inaudible).
