List Underwood: Thank you, Operator and good morning everyone. We appreciate your participation in our call today. Our presenters are Grayson Hall, our Chief Executive Officer and David Turner, our Chief Financial Officer. Other members of management are present as well and available to answer questions as appropriate. Also as part of our earnings call, we will be referencing a slide presentation that is available under the Investor Relations section of www.Regions.com. Also let me remind you that in the call and potentially in the Q&A that follows, we may make forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. For further details, please reference our forward-looking disclaimer that is located in the appendix section of the presentation. With that said, I will turn it over now to Grayson.
List Underwood: Thank you, David. We're ready to begin the Q&A session of our call. In order to accommodate as many participants as possible this morning, I would like to ask each caller to please limit yourself to one primary question and one related follow-up question. Now let's open the line, operator, for your questions.
List Underwood: That's right. That's a 2016 number. Obviously if oil stays low longer, then there is tail risk to that.
Grayson Hall: Good morning and thank you, List. I want to say just a few words about List Underwood before we get started with our financial results. As we announced earlier this week, List will be retiring at the end of the month. He's been with Regions for 23 years and has been a trusted advisor and valued member of our management team. His impressive career spans 43 years and today marks his 90th earnings call with our company. List, congratulations, we will certainly miss you as you start your new phase in life and wish you the very best in retirement.
Grayson Hall: So we do expect 35% to 45% of the $300 million to come out in 2016. And you're right, the reason we broke that out separately is that is not something that's expected to benefit at least to the degree we had in the second quarter. So we wanted to call it out separately so you could take that into account in your model.
Grayson Hall: That's right, Stephen. We're calling for continuing to make investments to grow NIR, utilizing our savings of the $300 million, at least the 35%, 45% of that to help us keep expenses relatively flat to up modestly from the level that we're reporting for 2015.
Grayson Hall: Any change to -- $350 million is right, $175 million generally in each quarter. In order to change the amount and/or timing requires an approval from our regulatory supervisors and there is a mechanism for doing that. But we have to assess that and can't guarantee there would be any change from what's already been approved.
Grayson Hall: Chris, we certainly are very analytical and disciplined about how we focus on acquisitions. Quite frankly, our primary focus has been on bolt-on acquisitions in the non-bank space. 2015, we did two relatively small transactions that you're familiar with. We continue to look at the marketplace and we still think there's opportunities in both our wealth segment as well as our capital markets segment and insurance segments for bolt-on acquisitions. We continue to look. I think the expectation is these are going to be relatively small in size and still at this juncture we're -- valuations are that predominantly our interest is in the non-bank space.
Grayson Hall: As markets change, we always reconsider. So markets change, we try to analyze what the changes are and see where the opportunities are.
Grayson Hall: No, at this juncture we just have not seen deposit rate pressures. Given such a fairly modest increase in rates, the pressure from any part of our depository base has been very muted. We continue to watch very closely what our competitors are and watch very closely what our customers are saying to us. But quite to the contrary, we continue to grow deposits and in fact grow low cost deposits at a pretty healthy pace. And so we're not seeing that particular issue arise at this juncture.
Grayson Hall: And really serve -- they fit a customer need. Trying to identify the needs that our customers have and how we can serve those better, but at the same time, to David's point, diversify our revenue. But we make sure that these are incremental in nature, bolt-on acquisitions that don't -- that have a risk profile that we feel like is prudent. And so I think you should expect us to continue to look at those opportunities over 2016, but our primary focus as you've seen is on organic growth in the markets we're in today with the services we have today. But this is in addition to that. But primary focus is organic growth.
Grayson Hall: Thank you. Well, with that, we stand adjourned. Thank you for your participation and we look forward to next quarter. Thank you.
Barb Godin: I will address the second part. The first part was an energy credit that's been around for a few years with M&A activity which originally led to the credit. It is a shared national credit. There's five banks involved in it. We saw some distress in this credit in the early part of the year. We have been working this credit really hard during the course of this year and it simply came to conclusion near tend the end of the year. What we've done is we have appropriately marked that credit. We've taken the loss on that credit as you've heard. And we've moved the residual balance into our held for sale and we anticipate that we will have that out of our held for sale numbers by the end of -- we're hoping January, but certainly this quarter it will be out of our numbers. Back to individual credit, the charge-off on that was approximately $25 million just for rounding. In terms of how we think about our reserve and look at prices as we work our way through our process, in the backs of our minds, we look at our price deck, our price deck is roughly $36 right now, sensitivity, $28.90. So we're looking in that range as we determine and establish what those numbers should be, but we're also looking very heavily at each and every individual customer, what their cash flow looks like, what our collateral looks like, what our asset coverage is. We currently have asset coverage of 1.71 times on the E&P book as an example. So again, in conversations and we have some ongoing conversations with our customers because we really do have a small number of customers, we still believe that repayment ability is adequate with them and again establish our reserves accordingly.
Barb Godin: No, we're keeping a really close eye on all of that. There is some pressure certainly on commodities in general across the industry, as you know and that's just given the strong U.S. dollar, what's going on in Europe and in China in terms of the dislocation of the market. There is some pressure there. But we've seen nothing yet that is significantly concerning.
Barb Godin: It's Barb Godin. I will be happy to answer that. As we do our redeterminations and we just finished up our fall redeterminations, just about done, what happens is as you readjust the borrowing base and again, for fall redeterminations this year, borrowing base adjustments downwards were a little under 8%. Notwithstanding if that causes an over-advance, what we will immediately do is call that loan a criticized loan and move it into a non-pass category. Again, that would account for the reason that we have roughly 48% of our E&P book that is shown right now as criticized. Having said that, we have a rigorous process as well around our oilfield services portfolio, as you can see on the chart that we did provide, 32 customers make up 75% of that portfolio. So we're able to stay in constant and close contact with them. Again, as we see any weakness there, again, we're very quick to move it into a criticized category.
Barb Godin: No. If I take the spring redetermination that we did, that was somewhere between -- let's just use roughly 15% reduction in borrowing basis. Now we're saying there's an incremental 8%, I will round it up, on top of that, so roughly 23% reduction in borrowing base. Remember as well in the industry, customers get a six-month cure period in which they're able to cure and we have seen a number of customers. Again, those earlier in the year that had access to capital markets and even now those that are still very strong have access to capital markets and they're able to take themselves out of an over-advanced position.
Barb Godin: I think what I would add to that is, the operative word here being how long will oil prices stay depressed and you mentioned somewhere in the $20 a barrel range. And again, if it's in the $20 a barrel range and it stays there for an entire year, it could be in terms of charge-offs -- this is not provision -- could be up to an incremental $50 million and that is based on some back of the envelope versus anything precise, I would have to tell you. But again, that's not our view and I don't think it's the view of the industry at this point that oil is going to stay sub-$30 for any length of time.
Barb Godin: Total amount of criticized loans in terms of everything including the operating leases we had, $900 million.
Barb Godin: No, you're actually thinking about it right. If you look at the balance of our book, the balance of our book actually improved and we were able to reallocate that provision over to the energy customer.
Barb Godin: As I think about commodities, firstly our book in commodities we have roughly $400 million in fabricated metal and primary metals and another $430 million, so just to give you a rough sense for the size of the book. Again, a lot of those commodities in terms of metals, that's also an indirect hit, so to speak, from what's happening in the oil sector because they rely on a lot of those metals to provide piping, et cetera. You're seeing a secondary knock-on effect and one that we're keeping a close eye on.
Barb Godin: No, in fact, we're feeling very good about our book CRE and construction lending, we used to have a book that was very heavy previously going back several years. And we've taken a lot of lessons from that to ensure that we understand what we're putting on our books and that we need to feel comfortable both in a stress situation as well as a normal situation. So we have been very deliberate about what we're putting on the books. We have not had very much growth, came off a very low base in terms of growing that book and again, very deliberate on the types of credits that we're willing to underwrite. So again from a credit perspective, I feel very comfortable.
David Turner: A little bit of guidance in terms of -- if we don't get another change, we will be at the lower end of our 2% to 4% guidance that we've given you. Also gave you a little bit of guidance in my prepared comments in terms of margin. We did have unusual recovery, interest recoveries. We think about $4 million of that won't repeat going forward. But we're looking for a relatively stable NIM. This is adjusting by the way for the lease accounting. We were at 3.08% on net interest margin, 5 points related to lease adjustments, so 3.13% would have made us flat. And we're looking for a relatively stable, just to remind everybody, that's been 1 or 2 points either side of where we're, for 2016. So we're looking for that guidance in terms of growth in NII that we've really been focusing on to be that 2% to 4% through the year. So you may see some unusual changes in a given quarter, but you've got to keep the year in mind when thinking about NIIs or trajectory.
David Turner: This is David. I will tell you that we're creating these new products and services. The driver of that is because our customers need that and we're looking to have a more fulsome offering to our customers. And we're out there talking to them and feel very good about where they stand right now which is why I reiterated our guidance for 2016 on things like loan growth being in the 3% to 5%. In our discussions with our customers, we still see the domestic economy being okay. We're looking at 2%, 2.5% GDP and so there is this dislocation that's happening here of late, but as we see our customers, we believe they need the products and services, the capital markets investments we're making we think are going to be very strong and looking for that to continue and help us get to that 4% to 6% growth rate that we're expecting in non-interest revenue.
David Turner: So I try to give you a little bit more global view of where we thought NII margin was going. So we start breaking it down. We get pretty granular. There's puts and takes either way. If you just want to focus on that component of the December increase, we're probably benefiting in the $5 million to $10 million range in the first quarter, but remember there's some other things going the other way. You've got day counts, about a $5 million working against you. You've got the interest reversal of $4 million that I talked about in my prepared comments. So I think it's better to look overall at the guidance in terms of relatively stable margin and growth in NII in that 2% to 4% range commensurate with the loan growth that we talked about of 3% to 5%.
David Turner: If you looked at the credit quality of our book and you ex energy, then the balance of our book performed very well this past quarter and we continue to see improvements in almost all of our credit metrics. But if you look at -- you add the energy back in and to Mark's point, there's stress in that sector, but because the way our portfolio's performing, it allowed us to build reserves around the energy portfolio.
David Turner: We looked at a lot of different scenarios, Peter, in terms of committing to the 2% to 4% or at least indicating if we could get to 2% to 4% operating leverage, there are a lot of different scenarios. We believe through our expectations of revenue growth and our expectations of expense management that we will get there. The combination of how we get there may change and we will adjust, adapt and overcome. But our goal is to generate that positive operating leverage regardless of the environment.
David Turner: Jack, so we did say we were looking at 100 to 150 branches. We said we would probably be towards the upper end of that through our strategic planning period. We've announced 29. We continue to look each and every day at how to best optimize our branch footprint which has included even opening some new ones at times. But it's hard to get the cadence down to give you that commitment up front because it's all facts and circumstances based. We have to look at our footprint, what's going on in the footprint. We have a lot of coordination that has to happen. What I can tell you is so we had a $6 million charge on the 29 branches that we closed or made a decision on consolidating this quarter. There will be another roughly $6 million associated with those branches, so it's -- call it $12 million. And we expect a payback on that of about two years which is what we've had historically. So all branches aren't created equal, they're all a little different. If you go back and look at all of our branch consolidations, it will give you a feel for what that charge might be over time, but it's hard for me to give you precise timing.
David Turner: Sure. This is David. As Grayson mentioned, one of our strategic initiatives is to diversify our revenue and in this context diversification, is away from NII and into NIR. As we think about the desire to diversify and we think about how we can have a more full-some offering to our customers, things in capital markets come to mind. You saw our acquisition of BlackArch Partners, our M&A advisory firm. We looked at insurance entities. We will continue to do that, agencies, continue to expand there. We would like to have a more solid offering in fixed income sales and trading, so we're looking there. And I think that these acquisitions have a tendency to be smaller acquisitions, but they fit into our need and our desire to continue to diversify and we think fit very well with our strategy.
David Turner: Well, so we got a lot of work going on with CCAR to be prepared for our submission in April. We look at a lot of different portfolios. I think from a credit standpoint, we mentioned earlier that ex energy, our credit portfolios are actually improving. That works one way in terms of the CCAR submission. Energy clearly needs to be taken into account. Barb laid out some of the stresses that we're seeing and how we will account for those. From our standpoint, we have one of the strongest levels of Common Equity Tier 1 of our peer group. We did return 93% of our earnings to our shareholders which we think was appropriate. And as a result, we didn't want to continue to accrete capital because we felt like we had enough capital to run our business in a prudent manner. We look at our stresses all the time, not just from a CCAR standpoint. We do that for ourselves to make sure we're managing and optimizing our capital in our company so that we have enough in times of stress and -- but not too much in terms of ensuring we can have an appropriate return to our shareholders. So exactly how all this will manifest itself in CCAR we will have to see and let the -- we run a lot of programs. We will just need to see what the results are. We don't see anything drastically different than what we have submitted before, ex-energy.
