Grayson Hall: Thank you, List and good morning everyone. We are pleased you could join us for today’s call. Second quarter results reflect our continued momentum in 2015 as we reported earnings of $269 million, or $0.20 per diluted share. These results demonstrate we are successfully executing our strategic priorities. In the second quarter, we experienced increases in metrics that we believe are fundamental to future income growth, including households, checking accounts, credit card accounts and Regions360 relationship. This growth has been broad-based geographically as all of our areas continued to expand and deepen relationships through our needs-based approach to relationship banking. Total revenue was particularly strong as both net interest income and non-interest income grew. Benefiting net interest income was loan growth of 2% and production increases of 28% and our pipelines continued to expand. Business lending growth was achieved by all three businesses: commercial banking, corporate banking and real estate banking. Within real estate, real estate corporate banking and our REIT business growth was particularly strong. Commercial and corporate growth reflects the strength of our business model as local bankers’ partner with industry and product specialists, particularly in Regions Business Capital, government institutional banking, healthcare and restaurant banking to grow our loan portfolio. We also had a strong quarter in consumer lending with growth in every loan category. Of note, the home equity portfolio balances increased for the first time in more than 6 years. Also, new point-of-sale loan product offerings drove additional growth in consumer lending. Further, we continued to diversify non-interest income as most categories achieved growth in second quarter demonstrating that Regions360 and our investments are beginning to pay off. Adjusted non-interest revenue increased 7% from the previous quarter, reflecting growth in mortgage, capital markets and card and ATM fees in addition to deposit-related service charges. We continued to refine our retail network strategy as we identified certain parcels of undeveloped land that have been purchased for future branch expansion. We no longer intend to build on these sites, which resulted in additional expense in the second quarter. At the same time, our occupancy expenses declined due in part to branch consolidations executed in prior periods. This quarter also included some legal and regulatory-related matters that impacted earnings. First, we recorded a charge related to a contingent legal and regulatory item for previously disclosed matters. And second, we received an insurance recovery related to the settlement of a previously disclosed class action lawsuit. During the quarter, asset quality was stable to improving. Net charge-offs, non-performing loans, troubled debt restructurings all declined. The provision for loan losses increased and exceeded net charge-offs. This increase was primarily attributable to loan growth and reflects the results of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. We are continuing to monitor our energy portfolio and have experienced some downward risk rating migration. If oil prices remain at low levels for an extended period of time, additional migration is likely. We are however staying engaged with our customers and taking necessary actions as appropriate. Before I turn it over to David, let me mention that we are extremely proud that we were the recipient of two prestigious honors this quarter. First, we were recognized by the Reputation Institute and the American Banker Magazine as having the highest reputation with our customers among U.S. banks. And second, we were honored by Gallup as one of the Best Places to Work. These honors provided strong evidence that our focus on building a culture based on our core values is resonating with our associates and with our customers. We are also focused on delivering strong financial results and equally important is how we obtain these results. The principle is central to fulfilling our mission of creating share value for our customers, associates, communities and shareholders. With that, I will now turn it over to David who will cover the details for the second quarter.
Grayson Hall: Okay. If you will, I will ask Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer, to make a few comments on that and John Turner, Head of Corporate Banking Group. The two of them can provide color on that.
Grayson Hall: No, it’s got to be – we are committed to a very data-driven process and we are letting the data drive that number. We are – as David said, we are not targeting a particular ratio. But instead, we are targeting a process where we evaluate the credit quality of our portfolio and let the data drive that decision.
Grayson Hall: Additionally, Matt, we have seen steady growth in consumer checking accounts since the first of the year. And so as we continue to grow accounts and that gives us an opportunity to continue to grow that line item, so pretty encouraging news in that regard.
Grayson Hall: And to the extent possible, I think chronological in the purest sense is not possible, but chronological to the degree the transactions allow us to do that.
Grayson Hall: Yes. Sameer I mean as we think through it, we are absolutely focused on trying to serve our customers in the way that we believe to be appropriate, and we think there is a growing perception on the part of customers that some type of chronological based posting is a more appropriate way to go. We are in close communication with the regulatory authorities about faults on process, faults on posting and we appreciate that that may change on us. We believe we are building the process that we are almost all of our transactions will be time order posted. That being said, because of the complexity of posting, you never quite get the perfection. But we believe this is the right thing to do, and so we are pressing ahead with it. As David said, right now our project plans would have us completing that this year. And so we are on schedule to do that. And if changes occur in subsequent quarters, we will make changes as they are deemed necessary and appropriate. But I think we waited long enough and we feel like that it’s the right time from a purely from a customer standpoint that we need to do this. It’s got – obviously any change can have a mixed reaction on the part of the customers and we just want to be careful that our customers – we communicate well and we are transparent and we do this not only to do the right thing, but do it the right way and so we are trying to do that.
Grayson Hall: Well, I mean – we have been – we a few years ago we were predominantly an equity line of credit, is the product that we went to market with. I think that as you saw quite a while back, we introduced amortizing home equity loan that has proved very attractive to our customer base. What we have seen is in this quarter when you consolidate the net of home equity lines and home equity loans, you are seeing customers did – you are seeing that pivot point where on that basis for the first time in 6 years, we have started to grow that portfolio, that’s the combination of the runoff of the equity line portfolio has slowed, and the increase in the home equity loan has increased substantially to accommodate that. I would say anecdotally, most of the home equity loans we are making are for sort of a smaller dollar home refinance. Also home repairs and to a less degree and last on that list would be debt consolidation. Strong FICO score probably averaging close to 7, 7.78, LTV around 60%, so good product going on and I think serving our customers well.
Grayson Hall: No, I just add to what David said, I think we are absolutely committed to rigorous expense management across the company. You can never be as good as you want to be in that regard. We continue to challenge ourselves internally that are we being good expense managers? In this environment, it’s a critical skill. But we also are more than willing to make prudent investments that allow us to grow prudently. And so we will continue to do that. We think those have been smart decisions. They certainly are paying off. And to David’s point, we will do that every day. And we have done that in terms of recruiting new bankers on to our team making investments in our current team to allow us to grow more appropriately, but prudently. And so as part of – if you look at, if you backup and look at our efficiency ratio and you look at it both expense and revenue side, we have done much better on the expense side than we have on the revenue side. And we are trying to take a very balanced approach to expense management, a thoughtful approach that gets us where we want to be. And to David’s point, we are trying to make incremental improvement every quarter to get down to that lower 60% efficiency ratio, but it’s going to require work on both sides of that formula.
Grayson Hall: Well, let me – it’s not to make it more complicated than it is, we clearly have been making investments in risk management and we have been making investments in bankers and growth opportunities that we see. We tried to self fund a great deal of that expense and have process improvement in a number of our back offices. We have tried to do that process improvement in a lot of our support offices such as legal and in vendor management, but we also have tried to rationalize our channels. And in particular, the branch channel has been, we think, pretty aggressive in rationalizing channels and trying to make them as efficient as we can without reducing our effectiveness for the customer. And so it – while we don’t have a branded program, rest assured, we got lots of internal programs.
Grayson Hall: We had some reclassifications as we can’t continue to look for indirect exposures that are in some way impacted by the energy business. So as an example, we pulled in some of our investor real estate portfolio, where we have income-producing properties that are leased to third parties which happen to be in the energy space. And so as we capture that as an indirect exposure, that had an impact on outstandings, as example.
Grayson Hall: Well, you asked the question to David, but if you don’t mind, I will answer it. I think it is we have said about a number of our businesses around the company, we tend to be very data driven. And we think it’s important to make sure we understand the data and what’s going on in all of our channels. And branches, in particular, we are doing a lot from an experimentation and an innovation perspective with new branch formats, less people, more technology. We also are experimenting with a number of innovative designs around drive-throughs and our capabilities of our ATMs and all sat locations. All are being said, we still – when you look at the markets we operate in and the customers that we serve, and we serve almost 4 million customers across 16 states, they all have different needs. And when you look at our customer base, still 59% of our customers will visit one of our branches in the next 30 days. So we still have a lot of customer traffic. In fact, we got a lot of branches that are operating at over capacity levels. And so we’ve introduced a number of digital capabilities. Deposit – smartphone deposit capture, remote deposit capture for our small business and corporate customers. We tried to use innovation to try to take more transactions out of our branches that allows us to be more efficient, but also dedicate more resource to sales and service. And so we have been introducing technology into our ATMs. Roughly 75% of our ATMs today have the ability to take a deposit through image technology. If you look at how efficient we have got, almost 21% of the deposits are company – are coming through the digital channel as opposed to coming through one of our branch offices. So making good progress, but we are letting the data drive the number. So when we see a bench that is – that transaction volumes and customer accounts in a particular branch is – drives that decision so that we don’t do that anecdotally, but we do it with a lot of data and data analytics. And so we will continue to do that. I do think customers are showing a preference for additional channels, but it varies per market. And a lot of our markets are still very, very branch dependent and so we pay attention to that.
Grayson Hall: Yes. We would certainly – we calculate that data. We calculate that data on a real frequent basis. And we got different hurdles that we try to monitor to make sure each of our offices are meeting our hurdles. And where we are at today is roughly 98%, 99% of our branch offices are providing a positive direct contribution to our earnings. That being said, do they all hurdle over internal rate of return requirements for branches are we have to look at each individual branch and see whether that branch is predominantly servicing transactions or are they going accounts, are they growing balances both deposits and loans. Then we take all that into consideration. And we take into consideration the markets they operate in before we make that consolidation decision. Quite frankly, we are seeing tremendous growth in digital channels, but the growth in digital channels is faster than the reduction of activity in our branches. A lot of digital activity is new activity. It’s additional activity. But we are seeing patterns in our branches change and we make movements, take decisions based off those behavioral changes. But I will go back to my earlier comment, when it comes to the branch, our decision can’t be anecdotal. It has to be based off the absolute numerics of that branch and it has to be in the best interest of the community that we operate in. Our engagement in our communities and our commitment to the communities we operate in is very, very important to us and so all of that has to be considered when we look at branches.
Grayson Hall: But I think an important point to make is that today we are seeing a higher level of sales growth in our physical points of presence. In fact, our branches – our sales in the second quarter – new account sales in the second quarter is the highest we have seen in four years, so very good performance out of branches this quarter.
Grayson Hall: And I will just add to what David said. We have done a number of things strategically to try to position ourselves better for what David has outlined as an industry that’s under change. And we are trying to measure that change, interpret that change. So, we have done some experimentation and some innovation around pricing. We have experimented with substantially reduced markups. We have experimented with something much lower than our standard. We have worked with our dealers and strategically we have reduced the number of dealers we do business with to make sure that we have got large dealer groups that we have got confidence in the way they run the risk management part of their business. And we will continue to make changes as the market changes. Today, though the commercial banks are only about a third of that marketplace and so commercial banks are responding to it, it’s still been a good market for us, but been very selective in who we do business with and what kind of business we will place on the books.
Grayson Hall: At its core, it’s basically indirect lending through point of sale. And we have partnered with people who provide the front-end origination of those loans at retailers. And so we – it’s just an alternative source. As you see, there is a lot of change in the consumer lending space, a lot of digital offerings in the market, but there is also a lot of offerings that are taking place at point of purchase, if you will, and home improvement is a big issue for a lot of our customers and what they want to get that financing when they walk into the home improvement store. And so we have partnered to try to capture some of that. And so we are trying to be innovative in consumer lending and this is just an example where we have had some good progress in that regard.
Grayson Hall: Well, listen, thank you for your questions. We very much appreciate your questions, appreciate your participation, your interest in Regions. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
David Turner: So John, you are right. We have tried to maintain the definition of relatively stable throughout this last year or so as one to two points either side of where we are right now. And so when we say that that’s what we are looking for the remainder of the year, obviously if we get rates turning on us a little bit and we have the loan growth send the message on the NII growth that we expect to have. And we should see margin move in that direction. But right now, our call is relatively stable for the remainder of the year.
David Turner: Yes. We have continued to target being in the lower-60s. To get into the 50s, we do need to have a rate increase for that. Clearly, we need two things to happen, revenue increases and continued focus on expense management to get our efficiency ratio down. And we had a 40 basis point improvement in the quarter. And I think with our internal focus on expense management and continuing to make investments in the right areas to grow our revenue, things are working out. We are moving in that direction. So, to get into the lower 60s will require us to continue on the path that we are on right now.
David Turner: We – like I said, we have forecasted to have rate increase this year and that is in our discussion and conclusion on improvement from here of our efficiency ratio.
David Turner: Well, I think the first and foremost, we are focused on organic growth. We are focused on executing our business strategies and trying to build a better bank and have a better team. We are closely monitoring all M&A activity. We are preparing ourselves in the eventuality that opportunities present themselves. We think that some of the activities in the M&A spaces of late have been constructive. We think that’s helpful as we sort of prepare our long-term strategies. That being said, at this juncture, our efforts are predominantly around preparation if opportunities present themselves, but our primary focus is growing organically.
David Turner: So, it’s David. We don’t have any particular percentage that we aim for. We let the model run. There is obviously some judgment at the end of the day, but a lot of it is model-driven. When you have 23 basis points worth of charge-offs and that can continue – if that continues over time, you should see a migration down to some point. I will tell you the loan growth we have had have been larger commercial credits. We tried to give you some color on the volatility that you can expect when you have larger credits and one of them trends negatively. We have – we feel good about the reserve. We feel good about our overall credit quality and trends and our non-performer is coming down. And – but we also have loan growth that we have to provide for. When you mix all that together, if we can continue to see a reduction in non-performers and a reduction in charge-offs, you would expect the coverage to come down, but we need to see that on a quarter-by-quarter basis and let our model run.
David Turner: Yes, we were encouraged with – as Grayson mentioned, we have made investments in people. We got our first M&A transaction. We are looking at growing that space. We have made an investment in the Fannie Mae DUS license not quite a year ago. That’s paying off for us. So, these investments that we have made, we feel good about the continued improvement. There was nothing in revenue that causes us to believe there was a one-time issue there in terms of favorability that won’t repeat. We are looking to continue to grow that. The pace of which depends on the businesses that we can execute. So, we are very encouraged by that in our NRR growth and how broad it was.
David Turner: So, we are at $41 million this past quarter, Matt. It was about $2 million different than previous quarter.
David Turner: I think we are showing a relatively stable kind of a moderation of that premium amortization from here.
David Turner: Yes, I think others can have a different method of amortization. Ours are fairly – should be fairly resilient, like I said from here. We used to have our premium amortization was a much bigger impact to us, but our total premiums that exist in the book is down. We also have more 15-year product, so it’s a little less impactful to us than perhaps some others.
David Turner: So, our service charge – that was seasonality that you saw, if you compare it year-over-year, the main difference between the prior year had already advanced product in there that you know we are out of that product now. We have continued to investigate changing of our posting order. We still are committed to that effect on us. When we implement, being the $10 million to $15 million range, we expect to implement that towards the latter part of the year, so we haven’t changed our timing from our last call. But you should see that go in the latter part of this year. So there will be some impact in ‘15.
David Turner: Well, I wouldn’t categorize investment as a burden. Some of that is good. Investments we are making to grow our revenue generators is a good expense. We will do that all day long and expect a return for those type of investments. I will tell you, though as we think about managing our expense base, again we got to look at salaries and benefits. I can see furniture and fixtures in our outside services, so those four categories. And in that, we can tighten up a little bit in terms of some of the investments we have had to make over time to deal with regulatory environment that we are facing in this banking industry things that are related to risk management, capital planning and those kinds of things that in compliance and audit. All those over time will rationalize. And you should see some opportunities for us there. Also, as you know we have done branch consolidations in the past. That’s brought down salaries and benefits. It’s brought down furniture and fixtures. It’s brought down occupancy expense. And while we don’t have any current plans for branch consolidations, we are continuing to look at our branch footprint as part of our retail network strategy to ensure that channel is optimized that we will make investments where appropriate and we’ll tighten up other areas that – other branches where the revenue generation isn’t strong enough for us. And then lastly, I will tell you we have a number of Six Sigma initiatives underway in our company. Firstly, every department has an obligation to look at how they can become more efficient. We haven’t had a named expense initiative as you know, but internally, we have an intense focus on expense management. And so there is not an expense that is off the radar screen, but the areas we will move the meter of those four, five areas I mentioned.
David Turner: Yes. And Ken, we were down in expenses four years in a row. We didn’t commit to having expenses in ‘15 lower than ‘14, because we knew we want to make investments in the revenue generators and some are still coming on board, so that generated the revenue. We think that’s the right kind of spend for us. Can we get down to the expense level that we had in ‘14 at some point? It just depends on the investments we make going forward. I think the first order of business is to watch the spend, so that the rate of growth is the most appropriate rate of growth and then we can look at how efficient can we get over time with the use of things like Six Sigma and so forth.
David Turner: Yes. You are exactly right, so we put the excess cash to work, so that pushed in terms of the loan growth. We should see some growth in earning assets that will come with deposit growth picking up. And now the question is where will that be deployed in the securities book, cash at the Fed or in loan growth and we feel good about our loan growth, gave you a little bit of good guidance in terms of what we thought we will do, skewing towards the upper end of our previously announced range. So we expect that to pick up slightly.
David Turner: Gerard, I’ll add to that. One thing we have consolidated little over 20% of our branch count since the crisis. We stay focused on it. And one of the things we need to – we have to think through is even those that don’t give us the return we would like is we have to look at what the next alternative is if we don’t have that branch. Because anytime we consolidate a branch, we lose revenue. Now, the goal is to lose more expense from the revenue that we just lost and that’s why you have seen the consolidation to be in a very measured pace. We will continue to look at that. And while we don’t have any identified as of right now, you should expect us to continue to rationalize our whole retail footprint over time.
David Turner: Yes, we don’t have it broken out in terms of just related to the rate hike. What I will tell you is that the main driver of our efficiency ratio is growing our revenue appropriately. We do have the expense measures that we are looking at in that revenue growth is expecting those investments that we have made thus far to continue to generate the revenue growth and we are seeing that. We saw that this quarter with 7% NIR growth, but we have people we hired just an example our financial consultants were up to 200. We’ve just got our 200th one, I think this week, but it takes time for those new folks to generate the revenue that we expect. It’s about eight or nine months. So, we carry the expense load until the revenue comes. And so part of our getting into that lower 60s is rate, part of it is continued execution from the people that are here. And then from the expense side, as I mentioned earlier in the call, continuing to look at the support groups, whether it be again finance, HR, risk management, credit teams, all that infrastructure that we look at we continue to work to rationalize that to use technology to help us deliver our products and services cheaper to our customer base. So, all of that has to work together to get our efficiency ratio down into the lower 60s. We really want to get to the higher 50s. That does take a rate hike to get where we are in a normal rate environment. So that will take some time to get there.
David Turner: Well, we have seen obviously a change in some of our competitors in terms of dealer markups. Today, we give 200 basis points discretion, which is a little lower than the average peer. The average peer has been to 300. They lowered down to 250. So, we are a little lower than peers. We have seen some go to flats. The industry really is looking, along with the captives, which have just come into the fold for the CFPB to really give the – those of us that operate with the rules of the game are. And what I will tell you is we will adapt and overcome. We just want to know what they are. We will figure out how to make money in whatever environment it is. So, right now, I think there is a measured pace as to whether or not we go to flats or whether or not we go from 200 to 100 or some other basis. But I think that if you looked at our business, half of it only has 100 basis points of discretion in it. So, we are positioned well to adapt to whatever the rules are. We just need some finalization to come from the regulatory side.
Barb Godin: The overall size of our outstanding SNC portfolio is roughly in the $16 billion range. But as it relates to the results of the SNC exam so that cannot be disclosed, that is confidential supervisory information. So, I would not say much more about that. But we are comfortable with the book in terms of the credit quality that we see in that book. It’s very well rated. I will turn it over to John Turner to make a few more comments.
Barb Godin: However, I don’t think it will go back to the old days of the goal of 1%. There will be a new floor established at some point, but it will not go back we don’t believe to those pre-recession levels.
Barb Godin: Yes. Erika, recoveries actually do play a role in what we saw this past quarter, but it also played a role in prior quarters. The one thing I would caution on it, I think recoveries is, a lot of the loans that we charged off those are recoveries that we have already received as our charge-offs have come down and this was an opportunity for recoveries going forward. The 23 points of loss that we are pretty pleased about this quarter is great, but we do believe again that that’s probably close to the bottom of where we are going to be. We might get another point to two out of it. But again, we will probably move somewhere between that 25 basis points to 35 basis point range as we think forward.
Barb Godin: Yes. The only thing I could see near-term at all is something that we can’t see. What – from everything that we see that’s in front of us, we feel comfortable that we will stay in that band. But again, you never know if you have some other factors that happens in the economy that will create an issue for us, and we will disclose at that time.
Barb Godin: Yes, I will speak to it. In fact, it’s $18 billion roughly in outstandings that we have for the Shared National Credit.
John Turner: Yes. Just in general terms, the SNC book represents a little less than 45% of our total commitments within corporate banking group. We do think it’s an important part of our business. It’s a business that we have grown some clearly over the last two or three years. And it’s a business we think that will provide us significant revenue opportunities. As we talk about shifting the mix of revenue within the company, one of our key focuses is to grow our corporate banking to grow our capabilities to serve those customers that we are now interacting with in a more significant level as part of the Shared National Credit portfolio. So, we view it as being very strategic and giving us an opportunity to grow significant relationships with customers who can drive NRR.
John Turner: Geoffrey, this is John Turner. First of all, we say we are committed to sticking with our customers on where that makes sense. And I think as you think about what we are doing today, we are approaching our evaluation business on an ongoing basis with a healthy skepticism, but staying very close to our customers so that we understand what’s going on their businesses. When you look at the reduction in commitments, primarily occurred in the E&P space, where as a result of borrowing base re-determinations, we reduced commitments by a little over $320 million, or on average, about 16%. We also had a number of our customers access the capital markets. And in fact, over the last seven months, I guess they have raised over $7 billion in the capital markets that used those funds to both to add additional liquidity to potentially make investments, to reduce their leverage, and so that certainly had an impact as well. And we think our clients are doing all the right things. And so as a result, we have a – we are cautiously confident about the performance of the book. When I say doing the right things, our customers have reacted quickly to market conditions. They have reduced their expenses, reduced their CapEx. They are raising liquidity and reducing leverage where appropriate. And as a consequence, I think we will continue to see some reduction in the business until the market turns and reinvestment occurs.
John Turner: Yes, I think just another aspect of the way we think about the risk in the book is as I said this before, we have really a small number of larger names, we think colossal activity has been one of the hallmarks of our energy book. These are customers that we have known for a long time. Most of them, at least of any size, are very recognizable in the industry. Management teams are very experienced. As I mentioned, good access to capital markets and liquidity and we think that they are doing all the right things. We have spent a lot of time internally reviewing the portfolio. I mentioned that we have a quarterly review process for our oilfield services book. We have now looked at internally over 91% of our oilfield services exposure within the last four months. We also have done borrowing base re-determinations on all, but one of our E&P relationship, so 98% plus or minus, of that book. And then our energy portfolio has been subject to a number of external reviews, including the SNC exam, where we think 67% of our total energy book was reviewed as part of the SNC exam. That’s about 89% of the E&P portfolio and over 55% – or about 55% of oilfield services. So, a lot of eyes on our energy portfolio and we think a lot of transparency given the fact that there are smaller number of larger exposures, which is a good thing. On the downside, there is some single name risk associated with deterioration. But all-in-all, I think we feel like we have a pretty good handle on the exposure in the energy portfolio.
John Turner: Yes. This is John Turner. First let me start with owner-occupied real estate. We are continuing to see that book run off a bit. I don’t think that’s much reflective of the fact that we are just not seeing middle market sort of lower end to middle market in our business banking, small business customers invest in expanding their businesses. So the volume of activity that we see is down. That portfolio amortizes every month and so we are continuing to see some run off, although the run off is slowing a bit and we expect that to trend to actually turn in the future. As it relates to investor real estate, we did de-risk the book. We have remade our business model, built it around professional real estate bankers working closely with real estate developers, again real focused on client selectivity. It’s a business we want to grow, but it’s heavily construction-oriented today, and we would like to see a shift more to have a better balance between construction and term lending. We are very committed to managing that book in a very disciplined and thoughtful way, applying our concentration limit methodology to make sure that we don’t have too much exposure to any product type or any particular market, diversity is really important to us as we think about managing that business going forward. So I think you can expect to see it grow sort of as the economy grows, would be our plan, kind of the 2% to 4% range, but not much faster than that as we seek to manage that risk prudently and shift again the mix from construction to more term...
