Grayson Hall: Erika, the discontinuation $4 million just about $3.5 million left there and that will be done. And yes, the $8 million should be non-recurring, so that is - your conclusion is appropriate there.
Grayson Hall: We have incorporated - we have our base case in terms of the front end moving up, and what we’re trying to say is that we have - this risk would be on top of what we already project for that, so you could take our base case and then take 10 to 12 basis points on top of that. But that really is - the 10 to 12 - we think we’ll have relatively stable margin like I said in the first quarter even in low persistent rate environment. The impact starts - it could be felt later in the year. Really in the third and fourth quarter it’s more pervasive.
Grayson Hall: It would be, but that impact would be felt later in the year as well. We didn’t really have a full effect until the end of the year anyway.
Grayson Hall: Thus we've been -- we've been very disciplined about doing an annual review of our multi-channel delivery system, branches being part of that. When we look at investments that we're making in branches, our ATMs, mobile homeland contact center, we look at across the channels, we may convert irrational decision on what we're investing in there. If you look at what we've done on physical branch presence, as I mentioned over the past, five, seven years we've probably consolidated over 20% of our franchise. From a branch account standpoint, we're around 1,666 offices today. We continue -- we will continue to look at that on an annual basis. It's an ongoing process for us. It's not a one-time and done, but it's rather part of how we think about our customer deliver points and so you should anticipate we will continue to do this each and every year.
Grayson Hall: Yes, we've got pretty good experience based on this and not only from a estimating the cost -- the cost reductions that come out of those branches, but just as importantly is retention of customer relationships as we close with branches and so we think we -- from an modeling standpoint, we think we've got pretty good model and we understand how to execute on branch consolidations and closures.
Grayson Hall: The conclusion -- we continue to look at both online and mobile, both of those channels have very strong growth rates year-over-year and most of those, most of that activity as you are well aware is around fairly routine bank transactions, balance inquiry, funds transfer, bill payment. But all the things we've discovered through some of the product innovation we've had over the two last two or three years is that the desire for customers to also have the ability to borrow money online and also borrow money at point of sale and so we are introducing a number of new online capabilities as well as some partnership capabilities we have on a sale. That's an activity that we'll be making announcements on as the year progresses and it's just a way to extend our brand further into market places that we are as dominant today.
Grayson Hall: But Bill we have a -- we have very rigorous monitoring program of our dealerships and to monitor their activities and to make sure that we're confident in their capabilities for underwriting and pricing. We also have a single price grid, franchise-wide, and are very, very disciplined about maintaining that pricing grid in exactly where our approval rates are if what FICO scores they were delivering on a monthly basis. Now we continue to tighten up the rigor around our credit practices in that segment making improvements literally on a continuous basis.
Grayson Hall: Bill really only I can say is we continue to have very detailed and productive conversations with our regulatory supervisors. We have decisions where changes where we believe they're necessary in order for the business to perform better and it's a longstanding relationship and so we feel we'll account for where we're at today. As David said earlier, there are tremendous debates in the industry about how these products are delivered. As those rules changes occur, we will adjust to that.
Grayson Hall: But Eric, when you look at the net charge-offs, you just have to keep reminding yourself, there is some residual effect of credits that we've had on our books for a long time that are getting resolved. In addition, the granularity of our loan portfolio does require some level of volatility from quarter to quarter on charge-offs, but when you look at the charge-off in relationship to the provision, the provision really is driving our allowance as a reflection of the overall quality of the portfolio. And as you see from the numbers, the overall quality of our loan portfolio continues to improve. We've got modest loan growth build in through our projections, but a lot of where that provision and resulting allowance winds us trending in large parts tend to pin down loan growth and in what segments that loan growth occurs.
Grayson Hall: Matt, let me if you would, we've prepared that in the appendix to give you a little more data analytically on sort of our exposure in the -- I've got John Turner in the room with me today who manages our energy segment. So John, if you would speak to this for a second.
Grayson Hall: Yes, I think it's a little early to call, but clearly the reduction in price of a gallon of gasoline at the pump has had a material impact on disposable income of a number of our customers and we do operate a number of -- in a number of markets that, that will really play to as an advantage. We continue to see from a consumer lending standpoint, consumer's credit metrics continue to improve and we would anticipate that if oil prices and conversely prices at pump stayed as low for an extended period of time, it will see a strengthening not only in the credit, the credit of those consumers, but also the spending behaviors of those consumers. And we -- you see a number of different scenarios about a penny drop at the pump and how many dollars that actually puts back into the consumer's pocket and those numbers are just startling in size, but I would say that you it's early to see the results of that, but clearly it's occurring and clearly we will see strengthening. I would say that in the fourth quarter we did see really strong results in the activity of both debit and credit card transactions, both in a number of transactions and in the dollar value of those transactions. And as you saw a modest increase in outstanding balances in the credit card portfolio. So maybe those are early signs, but I do think it's still all early for us to decide what the marked improvement will be.
Grayson Hall: When you look at our fourth quarter provision, we're not saying any adverse impacts yet in that part of the portfolio that would be included in the quantitative part of our allowance methodologies. In the qualitative part, obviously any market uncertainties in oil and gas being one of those, is included in that quantitative analysis and there would be some consideration given to the fact that oil prices have dropped, but an explicit special reserve we did not do that. We let our methodologies process the way they are built to be modeled and we believe we have taken the right stance on that.
Grayson Hall: We have not, but Barb Godin, our Chief Credit Officer will have this. Now I'll ask Barb to make a few comments.
Grayson Hall: Well we think that's progress. We've looked at different strategies, but again cross-selling our current customer base continues to be our number one priority and we've got better at executing on that strategy. We've had -- our results continue to build momentum. We've got more active cards, more card transaction and had more success in penetrating our book and in the past and so we're encouraged by our early results and that remains our strategy.
Grayson Hall: The answer to your first or second question is commitments. We currently have 6.9 billion in commitments to the sector and 3.4 billion outstanding which represents about 4.4% of the portfolio. Further originations we grew both around $200 million year-over-year. It was fairly diverse group of originations both in the E&P sector and in auto services driven through the cross both states in terms of geography and through our Regions Business Capital Group which has strong relationships with private equity sponsors in that space and have pretty good year in originations as well.
Grayson Hall: I don't have the mix exactly. So we’ll say that those relationships were certainly important to some of the growth that we generated through our Regions Business Capital Group.
Grayson Hall: Michael I'll take the second question. So, if you look at prior year it should be relatively consistent for file the taxes and 401-K match and those kinds of things that happened in the first quarter. They are almost up around $12 million and then remember that our pension cost increased about $6 million for quarter that you'll, that’s new.
Grayson Hall: We currently have seven leverage loans in our energy portfolio. Five of those are managed through our Regions business capital group and so it would be a modest percentage of our total exposure.
Grayson Hall: Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation today and thank you for your questions and we'll stand adjourned.
David Turner: I think we have to continue to look at our total business in terms of expense management under any scenario, any rate environment. We do believe that there is a tendency to have short term rates go up towards the back end of the year still, we believe that's what the Fed wants to do. We have to be prepared in case that's not the case, and so we’re committed to seeking positive operating leverage in any scenario. It gets harder if rates stay lower.
David Turner: That’s really leveraging, John, of the fourth quarter where we are right now, and that would be - the impact of that really would be felt later in the year versus the earlier in the year. Again, to the extent that that’s a sustainable 1.75% to 2%, throughout 2015.
David Turner: Well, I think we’d continue to see the negative impacts of lower rates on reinvestment yields in particular where we’re having to put to work $300 million, $400 million of cash every month. And you continue to see the rollover effect of lower rates in the loan book as well. So, we think that if you look at where we think the Fed's going to be towards the middle of the year, we think you’ll start seeing some pressure to increase short term rates, and so we haven’t abandoned that, what we wanted to try to do is put some sensitivities and some extent that that does not happen. And at the – ten-year [Inaudible] rates also stay lower. So, we’re not saying that’s what will happen or that we expect that to happen, we were just trying to give you a little bit sensitivity of possibly what could happen.
David Turner: We think, Ken, we’ve made investments in a number of areas this year because we believe growing revenue is important for our franchise, we’ve hired people to do that. We’ve hired some late in the year that will have full run rate going forward. We have the negative impact of tension that will hit us for 2015, that’s about $25 million in total for the year. So, call it $6 million per quarter. So with that and the investments we’ve made - we’re talking about expense management and revenue together in terms of positive operating leverage versus a commitment on just expense levels because we’ve needed to make these investments to grow revenue. We think they’ll pay off and so I guess the best I can do to describe where you want to go is that positive operating leverage is something that we should be able to achieve in 2015.
David Turner: No. We're doing some pilots right now on that posting order, and nothing's come to our attention that calls us to want to change that guidance we gave you 10 to 15 per quarter, when implemented.
David Turner: One of the things we're going to leave in our prepared comments is when you get this down to this level of charge-offs in particular, you can see volatility in any given quarter. We're trying to leave you with you the conclusion that in particular if you look at criticizing Class 5 loans, that's one of the earliest indicators of where your credit quality is going. That would imply that over time, we see the charge-off rate continuing to come down. Where it settles out we'll have to see, but we don't believe that the level it's at now is fixed. We believe that does come down. Assuming that condition, economic conditions continue to perform where they are now. So you have to make your own assessment as to where that might -- that terminal value would be, but it should -- it should be lower than what it is over time.
David Turner: So we have almost 1,700 dealers today. We have -- I didn't see the -- to work with large dealer groups where understanding the dynamics and the changes that are going on in the industry are in terms of pricing and trying to be fair to customers and transparent to customers. We like virtually everybody in the industry do give opportunities for dealers to mark-up the rate. Today it's up to 200 basis points. We know that that's being evaluated by regulatory supervisors in the industry and we're going to stay connected to what that looks like. We think there is a chance the whole industry might move in a given direction, but we think we're spot on with what others are doing in the industry.
David Turner: Well I'll tell you that generally speaking when we take charges, we like to target the payback period to be somewhere in the three to five year range. This is on the lower end of that and we continue to evaluate our whole footprint and to the extent that we can consolidate -- every time we consolidate braches, we lose revenue. The idea though is to be able to adjust expenses -- run rate expenses faster than the revenue that we're losing. And so as we look at these last 50, we're closer to that three-year payback range and as Grayson mentioned earlier, we will continue to evaluate all of our branches and rationalize those and make investments in others.
David Turner: We've talked about our efficiency ratio over long term to be in that 55% to 59% range. We need a rate increase for that to happen. While we wait, believe we can drift down into the lower 60s of efficiency ratio. 2015 we're targeting to be better than we are in 2014 and all that's on an adjusted basis.
David Turner: Yes so as a result of us being in the middle of a regulatory submission, we need to be careful exactly with what we're saying, although the answer and sometime in March we will let you know. But the way we thought about capital was first off we wanted to get our dividend closer to where peers and market expectations were. We clearly wanted to use our capital to grow our business. Organically we think that's important. When you look at our capital ratios that we have, we have more common equity Tier 1 than most of our peers and we believe we needed to be a little more forward leaning in terms of putting that capital to work. So you should expect that ratio to be higher. We don't necessarily target a total payout ratio per se. We look at optimizing, excuse me optimizing our capital stack in terms of what's in the capital stack and the sheer dollar amount to become as efficient as we can be and we realize we had more capital our Tier 1 common or common equity Tier 1 on Basel III in most. That's why we think we can do the things we need to do to get the dividend up, to get the investments made to grow our business and serve our customers and return appropriate amount to our shareholders and that's what we did.
David Turner: So you pointed out rightly. We also look at our currency. We think strategically about acquisitions, but I think you bring up a great point in terms of where we are from a currency standpoint. We do have a capital that we can put to work in terms of the organic growth and returns to shareholders and use that excess capital on appropriate acquisition whether it be a bank or non-bank where you're using cash as a currency versus your stock. And so that's a little more available to us today given our capital position, but we're well aware of expectations on dilution and being able to payback that dilution in a reasonable period of time and we're not in the mode of doing an acquisition just to do an acquisition. We will be very thoughtful and we need to get our currency up and we will do that by executing our business plan and executing our strategy first and foremost and there will be plenty of time for acquisitions after we get that dealt with.
David Turner: That was related to third party consultants and our capital planning process and certain risk management initiatives. Those are areas reasonably we point that out, those are areas where -- that we have a chance to cut those back and become more efficient on, but that is unrelated to the branch $10 million charge that we took.
David Turner: Well we think we can get that down and third parties are one of the easiest -- third party expenditures are one of the easier ones to deal with because you don't have to sign a contract. So we should -- we expect and you should expect over time that we work on third party cost and get those down to -- at level that is appropriate for our institution.
David Turner: Well Eric to the extent that we can give a rising rate, what we will say is that we can have modest improvement to our overall net interest income and resulting NIM if that occurs. We do believe we will have an increase in the shorter rates. We don't believe it will start through mid year. So we expect that to be an opportunities for us in terms of revenue growth if the loan growth will pan out like we've talked about and if the rate environment works like we've talked about, we think that's an area where we can grow revenue. We've had a pretty resilient margin relative to our peers and so we're looking forward to that. We will try and give you the -- if that doesn’t happen, here is what the risk is relative to that expectation and that's what the 10 to 12 basis point is all about.
David Turner: Well if you're adding interest earning assets, we should be able to grow with that incrementally our NII. The issue is that at what margin will that ultimately result in. So you could have a growing NII and a decline in the resulting margin that's been at where you put assets on the books.
David Turner: Yes, so the question is really where we think overall allowance levels would trend? We have a pretty sophisticated allowance methodology. We're getting the question where do you think that will ultimately be? As charge-offs continue to come down, as criticized and classified levels come down, as non-performers come down, then you have a tendency to expect and lower allowance to loan ratio. I can't tell you where that terminal value is. I think what's going on the books today is some of the most pristine, incredibly we've had in a long time and I think that each quarter as charge-offs come down, we do believe we have some leverage in our allowance, which helps us keep the provision down lower for a longer period of time, but at some point, that runs out and you have to start providing for whatever your charge-offs are. So the question that was asked earlier in terms of where that charge-off maybe is something we needed to look at and think through, but the allowance is going to be what it's going to be and I think there is an ability for that to come down to some degree.
David Turner: If you right-size for the impact of the legal and regulatory charge, you saw us in that roughly 29% range and you would expect that fairly similar to 2015.
David Turner: Yes, I think so and also we need to look at what's happening right now with rates -- mortgage rates continuing to come down. We could see -- we could see an opportunity for refinance activity helping our mortgage business, but also that negatively impacts us on the mortgage services rights. So we have a little bit of a built in economic hedge to some degree there. We need to still see how that plays out over the course of the year.
David Turner: No, we continue to be asset sensitive along the curve and short-term rates, medium term, long-term, all those benefit us. I think our last disclosure on F100 was about $160 million, $170 million, which is almost split a third, a third, a third in that scenario. So we benefit from that increase at any level.
David Turner: Our focus really has been our customer base. If you -- and the reason for that is our penetration on our customer base has been right at 16%. We expect that to be in the lower 20s intact and so that's really where our focus has been. We have from a strategy standpoint thought about expanding outside of our customer base and we think right now spending the time to again serve our existing customers is probably the best route to go at this time, but it is on the drawing board for us.
David Turner: Well, our goal is to constantly grow our earnings for our pretax and after tax basis. So we're working hard to grow all areas revenue, control our expense base and we think net, net we can do that from an operating leverage standpoint, but we haven’t given explicit guidance as to what that pretax move will be. As we go through the year, we will give you a little more clarity on that, but we're going to stick to positive operating leverage right now is the guidance.
David Turner: It includes the benefit of having that out in the expense run rate, but the actual charge, the $10 million and the $15 million are adjusted out.
David Turner: Yes, Gerard, this is David. There hasn’t been any explicit guidance coming from regulatory supervisors on that. I think it's incumbent upon us to ensure we have an appropriate amount of capital for the risk in our business. We clearly think we do. We think we have capital that can be more effectively deployed and I weren’t on the call, we talked about easing that capital really for first off getting our dividend up to kind of our more consistent with expectations. Using that capital to grow organically using excess capital to the extent that there was an acquisition to pay cash for whether it be a bank, non-bank and they are returning in appropriate amount of capital to our shareholders. We think we have the kind of capital position and we think we have a really good understanding of the risk attended to our company and therefore, we think over time you will see those drift down. Where the terminal amount is, is everybody's guess. And so I think we need not get ahead of ourselves on that, but I do think capital levels do rationalize over time. The amount of time -- when that is, is anybody's guess.
David Turner: Well I think ensuring that you have all of your key processes in order to participate in acquisitions is important. BSA/AML has been imported to our country for a long time. It will continue to get the time and attention and it's incumbent upon us to have all the controls in place. We invest an awful lot of time and attention in ensuring that and we feel like we have a very robust program relative to BSA/AML and -- but that mean we can't stop here. We have to continue to invest and continue to be diligent in terms of those processes, but we think we have a solid program today.
Barb Godin: We can't go back and actually reproduce those numbers at this point in time, but again going from experience those numbers were very small. Again being very active in that space, as we mentioned, we've been doing this for 40 years and so we have run through some ups and downs and know it has not impacted our books significantly.
Barb Godin: This is Barb Godin. If we look at the energy book we don't have it specifically that way. We do have - we look at very detail and acquire particularly if it’s a non performing loans for good specific reserve. Other than that, we look at it improved loans, so we don't have competitive status, but we can is we feel very comfortable with what our book looks like, again remembering that we do a few things. We do sensitivity analysis on that book. We have a price deck. We do that pretty well in the quarterly basis but the price deck we press it down and then we pick an additional haircut on that. We also do reserve calculations with those 65% advanced rate on our reserved calculations. And last but not least we also have hedging on that book. So all in we feel pretty good about that book but again getting back to your comments both specific reserves or reserving we don’t have them so we can provide you.
Barb Godin: We haven't heard of any that -- I would believe that they probably would just given the where things are in the energy sector, we would not be surprised. The other comment I would also make on the leverage loans we just ask that question is recognizing that definition of leverage within the overall space and how we define leverage is different. So typically as you know, leverage is defined as non-investment grade and again that is -- that's what banks our side do as we land in the non-investment grade space.
