DavidTurner: Okay. This is David. So we're encouraged by the reaction of our team's on deposit cost. We clearly are competitive. But we are -- we are able and in the month of June through our actions we took the month before that to reduce deposit cost a couple of basis points. And we put that in the chart to show you that we expect that to have already peaked to the extent that we continue to get short-term rates down that will give us even more ability to reduce deposit cost.  We have about 10% of our deposits are indexed; 10% of our interest bearing deposits are indexed, but we also have another 10% of our interest bearing deposits that are have been exception priced that really money market type deposits if get to address as rate change. So we can move pretty quickly as the market changes which give us some confidence that we continue to hold our margin at that 3.40% level for the remainder of the year. Even then if we get the two roughly three cuts that the forwards imply.
DavidTurner: Yes. So we made a commitment at Investor Day that we would generate positive operating leverage each year of our three-year plan. Clearly, the rate outlook put some pressure on that, but we still are committed to generating positive operating leverage. If you recall the last three year plan that we had, the market didn't behave quite like we thought it was going to either and we pulled whatever it took to make sure we met the targets. And so we have confidence in that. Clearly, if we have a persistent low rate environment for this whole three-year period that does put pressure on certain of those metrics. But I would like to point out, we're six months into our three-year plans.  There are a lot of things that can happen and so we're confident we have a good plan that we have the ability to toggle and do what we need to do to continue to improve our financial performance. And we will do that that was the commitment that was in our prepared comments both from John and from me.
DavidTurner: Yes. So as I tried to mention to Ryan then, three years is a long time. If you just did the math on this rate persisting for that entire three-year period of time, would be pretty hard to get to a 55% efficiency ratio because we don't want to do is cut our expenses so much we damage our franchise. We can get pretty close to that even in that rate environment because of all the hedging that's in place. But could we hit 55% it would be, again this rate environment persisting the entire time would be pretty tough. 
DavidTurner: Let me add some to that John because we are talking about the interest rate environment. If we have low rate environment with slope to the yield curve that's very helpful. If we have, obviously a higher rate environment with slope that's ideal. A low and flat rate environment with as where we have would have pressure on that 55% margin.
DavidTurner: Yes, Matt. I would tell you some of those investment transactions were toward the end of the quarter. So if you look at our average, our average is below with ending was, so you --we're going to feel a little bit of pressure on earning assets from that trade into the third quarter. So it's really not as much on growing net interest income and margin on earning assets as it is the mix. And being able to react to deposit pricing should we have rate reductions.
DavidTurner: In particular in the investment security portfolio because that trend happened at the end of the quarter.
DavidTurner: Yes. Peter, that last statement is really important because we are continuing to look for ways to make banking easier for our customers, looking to make investments in talent, technology. We have to pay for that. And way to do that is to continue to focus on our expenses and leverage our simplifying grow continuous improvement program that we started a little over a year and a half ago. If we're going to control our expenses, we have to really have an intense focus on our top three categories, salaries and benefits being number one. Down some 300 positions at this quarter, we continue to look to opportunities to streamline operations by leveraging technology. And most of that gets handled through attrition. We've looked at occupancy, our next biggest category as we had in our prepared comments, we had some 400,000 square feet of space that we're exiting. Some of it we have exited; some what we just put in held for sale and we will be getting out of that space to save us on run rate occupancy. Also furniture, fixtures and equipment, our third category as we have here people, we have a smaller space we can save there as well. And our fourth category would be kind of purchasing or vendor spends, if you will. We have a, do had procurement that is really put in a lot of rigor in terms of helping us from a demand management standpoint on controlling what we need from a purchasing standpoint. Whether it is consulting hours or products or whatever the case may be. And so we're, we, this type of challenging revenue environment and a commitment to positive operating leverage, you just have to pull every string that you can in terms of controlling expenses.
DavidTurner: Yes. I think to the extent, so we're all assuming that the forwards actually work their way through for next year. As you can see on the chart, I think of slide 6 where we are trying to show you more and more hedging more and more the derivatives actually become effective, which helps us stabilize margin and what we're trying to do through the hedging program is just neutralized impact of insurance policy on lower rates, which prevents us from having to grow net interest income and margin from coming out of a hole. So now you can have organic growth and the balance sheet putting on good earning assets to give you the kind of growth that you want to have. So we're not having to work against say, a headwind like we think many others might have. And so we do have the ability to grow depending on what we put on in terms of earning assets in 2020.
DavidTurner: Yes. So, Ken, couple things to think about our sensitivity. We really have two things working. First is to your point the short end of the curve. So the short end of the curve is where our derivatives are tied to generally speaking one month LIBOR, we have received fixed so cuts in short term with the protection on the other receive fixed derivatives, and our ability to reduce deposit cost in that 35% deposit beta that we are talking about gives us the confidence that we have in 2020. So even if you have one, two, three cuts in the short end, we have protection under any of those scenarios. It's then the second part is what happens to the long end of the curve. And so if we have slope to the curve even in us in a lower rate environment, if we have slope we are protected as well because the reinvestments coming off the investment portfolio on the like are really are tied to the long end. It's the, we don't want us to have a lower and flatter yield curve which is horrible for our industry as you know. So we're not as concerned about whether it's one, two or three because we'll react appropriately as long as we can get the, at the long end, at least stay where it is and maybe even increase a bit.
DavidTurner: That's exactly right. And we had our protection. We've -- we put the started putting this on over a year and a half ago with the expectation that we are going to be in this environment. We just thought it would be beginning in 2020 which is why we did forward starting. We did, we thought there are going to be rate increases through 2019 and we want to stay asset sensitive, so we've caught, been caught a little bit exposed in the latter part of 2019 as has have every peer of ours. But we're feeling pretty good about what can take place in 2020. And going forward, we have duration on those swaps in floors of five years beginning in 2020. So we have really good protection then. 
DavidTurner: Yes. The averaging that we've given you, so we went to disclose a lot more this time to give you the ability to do your models. And we think the averaging is going to be representative enough. There will be 25 points here there but nothing that's really going to skew that from using the averages.
DavidTurner: Yes. I think we're going to start at 35. I think over time we're at 29 cumulative going up. So if you're starting at 35 you would expect that to drift down a bit as time goes through. I think that's what you're asking. 
DavidTurner: Yes. You're exactly right. So it starts at 35 and then at the end of the day you're going to drift from that 35 down into the higher 20s as that -- and the driver of that is the 10% indexing at the exception pricing engine then just looking at the market of all of our deposits we compared to our peers. And we get the benefit of our floors. And we get the benefit of our receive pick swaps.
DavidTurner: Yes. So this is David. So the flat to slightly down was an answer to 2019 changing our guidance there. I think your question is then what does it mean for the next three years, if we're in this challenging revenue environment. We clearly, we have to 2% and 2.5% inflation baked into our expense base every year. And so we have to continue to see cuts, if we want to keep expenses relatively stable. We have to find ways to cut that 2.5%. So and then if we want to make investments on top of that we got to find even more. Our commitment is that we would generate positive operating leverage under any of those environments, each of those three years. Clearly, a lower rate environment, a flatter yield curve makes that very tough. But that's what we seek to do. And we're going to do whatever it takes to meet our expectations that we've laid out. The commitment was 55% three years from now, we're only six months there. So we're not giving up on 55% by any stretch.
DavidTurner: That's exactly what we were trying to communicate that our hedging program gave, is giving us the opportunity do not have to climb out of a hole to grow NII margin rather neutralizes that it was insurance protection of low rate environment not to give us a tailwind but to keep us from having this massive headwind. And therefore we could participate in growing NII and margin as we continue to grow earning assets watching our deposit cost. Our deposit franchises still our number one competitive advantage. And we think that's going to help us continue to grow NII with appropriate balance sheet growth.
DavidTurner: And so if you look at in hour supplement on page 21, you'll see our indirect vehicle decline this past quarter some $350 million. So we're kind of on that kind of run rate. We're not renewing that. It'll take some time. The whole average for the year will be about $800 million on the indirect auto decline. I'm sorry that's not auto, I mean GreenSky. 
DavidTurner: Yes. Kevin, so you're exactly right. We put into our prepared comments that we were going to get to our 9.5% in the third quarter. Obviously we have loan growth that uses up some of that and dividends and then buying back to get us to that 9.5%, we will -- it will be exactly that every single quarter. But we're going to do what we can to keep it at that level because that's a level of capital, we think we need to run the company based on our risk profile. That does imply a quicker buyback or more of a buyback here in the short term. It will moderate after that and we will use the repurchase ability. So we have authorization for our board up to $1.37 billion of stock buyback and how we think about capital allocation is first and foremost, we'll pay a dividend of 35% to 45% of our earnings. Then we're going to use some for organic loan growth and then we'll use the rest, we'll buy stock back to keep us at that 9.5%. Should loans grow faster, buybacks will be smaller and vice versa. If loans don't grow buybacks will increase, so that we can keep the capital optimized in the company.
DavidTurner: No. We're --we, our teams are out there growing loans when it makes sense from a risk adjusted return standpoint. We grew the first quarter a little quicker than we had expected. We slowed that down a bit this quarter. We still have the low to mid-single digit growth expectation for the year. Again any given quarter you can see a pace change. The third quarter for us over the last couple years haven't --has not been as stronger for growth even though our pipelines look pretty good. The fourth quarter on the other hand it's actually been pretty strong. So we're sticking to our -- to that commitment on the loan growth. My point is that we use 9.5% and we toggle between loan growth and share buyback. We're not trying to manufacture one or the other. We want all the goods, we would much rather use our capital to grow organically than to buy our stock back. But we also want to have appropriate risk-adjusted client relationship type returns on the loan side. And if we don't get those and we can't use our capital to grow appropriately, that we will buy our stock back that makes sense.
DavidTurner: Sure, Gerard. So we've been -- our teams have been working really hard to run parallel this year. We're feeling good about being prepared for the adoption also in January 2020. We're looking to put something in our 10-Q that would give some indication as to where we might be here shortly on Day 1. As we've mentioned before, consumer portfolios get hit really hard relative to commercial portfolios. And so we have about 40% of our loans, our consumer loans versus business services loans. So mortgages, HELOCS, credit cards, those unsecured credit, those get hit pretty hard in the seasonal adoption not as much on the commercial side. But stay tuned here shortly on our 10-Q filing. End of Q&A
JohnTurner: But I would say, John, I mean we're going to remain focused on effective expense management while investing in our business. And so you can expect us to continue to deliver on our commitment to maintain expenses to flat just down slightly while investing in our business. And hopefully growing revenue despite what is a challenging interest rate environment.
JohnTurner: Yes. Thank you. Our interest in Bank M&A hasn't changed. We remain focused on the execution of our plans. We don't see any material change in the economic analysis of M&A and Bank M&A. And so we're going to continue to watch the market. We're going to continue to pay attention to what's occurring, but our position hasn't changed. With respect to non-bank M&A, we continue to look for opportunities to add capabilities to help grow and diversify revenue to meet customer needs. We recently announced the acquisition of Holland, which is a wealth management capability that complementary to our healthcare business. And one that we're excited about, it's a smaller transaction like the others that we've done. But it's meaningful and that again it helps us, we think grow and diversify revenue and meet a customer need by adding some capabilities. We have been actively looking at mortgage servicing rights acquisitions, but with the rate environment those transactions have become more challenging to find. But we'll continue to do that and within our other businesses, we're again always looking for opportunities to add to our capabilities and will remain active there.
JohnTurner: Yes. We need to clarify that. I think it's $800 million on average on the indirect auto portfolio full year, right, that's right. And then the runoff with respect to the indirect unsecured portfolio, it will top out over the next month or two as that contract expires and then we kind of expected 2 to 2.5 year sort of weighted average payout on that portfolio.
JohnTurner: Yes. I mean we're -- all of our business leaders' as well commercial corporate, real estate is actively recruiting all the time. Our consumer business similarly. One of our --one of their tasks is to always know who the best bankers are in their markets and in contiguous markets who the best bankers are in their specialized businesses. And so we're always actively recruiting. And we've had good success recruiting already this year across particularly our priority markets where we are investing St. Louis, Atlanta, and Houston and in Orlando and we'll continue to do that.
JohnTurner: Well, to answer the second half of your question, no, we cannot tie it into the forward curve. I would tell you that our business customers are still cautiously optimistic. It was clearly over the last 90 days or so, I sense more caution on the part of our business owners. But they're still optimistic, their 2018 results were very good. Most of them are having really good 2019 as we look at our credit quality across a variety of industry sectors really don't see any significant issues other than within the restaurant sub sector, we've called out before fast casual, don't appear to be any other stresses of any consequence that we see. Customers have good pipelines and so as I think I said in my prepared remarks, the primary constraint we see on the economy is the availability of skilled labor.  And that's the thing that tends to constrain businesses from investing not the interest rate environment. And so I really can't tie our view of the economy through our customer's eyes to the forward rate curve.
