John Turner: Thank you, Dana, and good morning, everyone. We appreciate you joining our call today. Once again, Regions delivered another strong quarter underscoring our commitment to generating consistent, sustainable long-term performance. We generated earnings of $404 million, resulting in earnings per share of $0.43. Our results include the resolution of a previously disclosed regulatory matter, the establishment of an incremental $20 million reserve for potential losses associated with Hurricane Ian and a strategic sale of $1.2 billion of unsecured consumer loans. Excluding the regulatory matter and other adjusted items, we once again generated record adjusted pretax pre-provision income. This quarter's results reflect strong revenue growth driven by higher rates, robust loan growth, low deposit cost and well-controlled operating expenses. Asset quality remains broadly stable with credit metrics in line to slightly better than pre-pandemic levels. In general, we feel good about the health of both our corporate and consumer customers. Many of our business customers have adopted operating models capable of thriving in uncertain operating environments and remain cautiously optimistic about opportunities to grow and expand their businesses. Consumers continue to maintain strong liquidity levels, and unemployment in our footprint remains at historical lows. This quarter's results are further evidence of the investments we made in talent, technology and strategic acquisitions continue to pay off. As expanded products, capabilities and expertise are helping us to meet customer needs and deepen relationships.  Before wrapping up, I want to take a moment to speak about Hurricane Ian. This was an incredibly powerful storm and communities in Florida and South Carolina all face difficult challenges as they began the recovery process. I'm extremely proud of the way our teams are responding to meet the needs of our customers, fellow associates and communities affected. Regions has a long history of helping communities through difficult times and will continue to support the recovery efforts. In closing, we have a strong balance sheet that is well positioned to perform in any economic environment. We have a solid strategic plan, an outstanding team and a proven track record of successful execution. While sentiment across both business and consumers remains generally positive, we will continue to monitor our portfolios for indicators of stress. We have robust credit and interest rate risk management frameworks and a disciplined and dynamic approach to managing concentration risk, which has positioned us well to continue to deliver consistent, sustainable long-term performance.  Now, David will provide some highlights regarding the quarter.
John Turner: John, this is John. So we are seeing some stress in the office portfolio, particularly urban office, a reflection of some of the back-to-work changes that we're all seeing in the economy, consumer discretionary related kinds of businesses where consumers are choosing not to spend as freely as they had been. Some softness in not-for-profit healthcare related to rising labor costs and inflation, similarly in senior housing. Again, we're seeing, I would say, some impacts from both labor and inflationary costs and then some disruption in technology-related businesses. All that I'd characterize as the beginnings of what we would call normalization, we are at historically low levels in begin to normalize in 2023 and beyond, currently at 52 basis points of NPLs, still much better than pre-pandemic levels. The charge-offs, as you noted, 19 basis points for the quarter, we expect 20 for the year. We'll firm up our guidance for 2023 in late November or January. But our current projection is that charge-offs in '23 will be somewhere between 25 basis points and 35 basis points as we begin to see a return to more normal levels, again, of credit quality.
John Turner: Yes. Ken, thank you for the question. I think what we're observing is customer patterns are very much what we expected when we made changes. So you might recall that we changed our posting order. We provided customers with alerts. We reduced the cap on daily overdraft fees. We eliminated charging for NSF. We eliminated charges for overdraft protection transfers. Most recently, we're giving customers access to their paycheck two days in advance. We also have implemented an overdraft protection line of credit to help customers. And in probably the second half of 2023, we'll also implement a grace period. All that is designed to help customers better manage their finances. And we're seeing a positive impact. It's not necessarily a trend, but I would say over the last quarter, we've seen about a 20% reduction in a number of customers who are overdrawing their account, which is, again, I think, a very positive thing. We've talked about historically how we've dealt with changes in fees. And I'd point to overdraft fees as an example. Since 2011, we've seen almost a 40% reduction in the collection of overdraft fees. And yet we overcame that and grew noninterest revenue over that same period of time of almost $500 million. So we have a history of continuing to evolve and change our business to overcome losses in fee revenues. We're doing that through growth in capital markets, growth in treasury management, growth in wealth management and in other parts of our business. And so we feel good about the impact to customers and believe that we can manage the impact to our business.
John Turner: Yes. It's a combination of a number of things. One, we have a very strong retail investment services business works very closely with our branch bankers and in this environment, we see a lot of customers who are interested in acquiring annuities. So we've seen nice growth in that source of fee revenue. Our institutional business is growing, and we've had some nice wins there. And then within wealth management, both opportunities to move new business, new customers, and we've additionally seen about 20% of our increase in fee revenue in the personal wealth management business as a result of customers moving money to us during this period of time where they're looking for more stability. Our approach to the business is as a fiduciary. And I think during uncertain and volatile times, customers are choosing to increase their level of business with us. So all those things are contributing to growth in wealth fee income.
John Turner: Sure, Gerard. First of all, no would be the answer to the last question. And the syndicated portfolio represents about 25% of our overall portfolio. Interestingly, we've had a 27% increase in investment-grade balances over the last 12 months. And so, the investment grade portion of our overall portfolio is about 40% today. Over the last three years or so, we've seen the probability of default come down by 19 basis points. And in other words, the quality of our book continues to improve, we believe. Our leverage book as defined, about 3/4 is roughly $9.5 billion in total and about 86% of that is in the Shared National Credit exposure. So again, pretty high quality, we think, and we're not seeing any deterioration to speak of in that portfolio at all.
John Turner: Okay. Well, that was the last question. Thank you all for your interest in our company. Appreciate you participating today. Have a good day. 
David Turner: Yes, Ebrahim, this is David. So as you saw, we made some -- quite a bit of investment last year in the fourth quarter through three nonbank acquisitions. We continue to look for opportunities in all three lines of business to continue to grow our franchise. We have a lot of things going on. We have our new systems we're going to be putting in over time, and we'll see cost increases related to that. But we have our continuous improvement program that we continue to leverage to keep our total expense growth under control. We're not going to give you guidance for next year, but we do have a page in the deck that shows you what our compound annual growth rate has been very strong in managing and keeping our costs down. And we're going to continue to do that while making appropriate investments. We don't have anything specific. We're on the look for opportunities to help grow our three lines of business soon.
David Turner: Well, I think you have a couple of different things. Higher rates for our type of franchise is good for us. So to the extent we overshoot 4.5%, 5% of Fed funds, we'll benefit from that. Clearly, if it stays up there longer, you end up having some incremental credit risk because if rates are that high, that means inflation continues to be higher than the Fed wants, and they have to keep going. So there could be some incremental credit risk until you get to settle down from a rate increase standpoint. The reason we haven't completed our hedging program and the reason we have $13 billion of cash is partially wanting to -- I don't want to use hedge again, but part of trying to figure out where rates might go. So we have a bit of dry powder. That's about $5 billion that we have dry, not counting at 13 on the books to hedge, and we're looking for a better foothold. So we could be patient. Our NII is growing nicely without that. And I think in our material, we show you that we can protect a margin right now of 3.60 if rates were to go back to 1% or below. So being patient, I think, is the right thing for us to be.
David Turner: Sure, John. This is David. So we acquired EnerBank in the fourth quarter last year. It's an unsecured consumer portfolio. We told you at that time, we could grow that portfolio double digits. That industry was about $175 billion industry. So you're talking about $1.7 billion to $2 billion worth of production each year. But we also had this other unsecured consumer portfolio that we had built up over time that those loans were not being serviced by us or serviced by a third party. And we thought that the right thing to do from a capital allocation standpoint and a risk reduction standpoint would be to sell that portfolio as we continue to invest in growing our EnerBank book.  As you can see in the slides, we had reserved about $94 million. We ended up taking charge-offs of $63 million. So we had $31 million worth of provision benefit that's flowing through the financials this quarter. But it was really a capital allocation risk reduction measure. And we don't anticipate at this time having anything else. We don't have any other unsecured portfolios like that -- that's not true. We do have a small, and it's a runoff.
David Turner: Yes. I mean I think we have -- as I mentioned earlier, we have some dry powder left. We still have $13 billion of cash. We don't have to access the wholesale market for several quarters based on our estimates. We have still a little bit of hedging to do. We did some slight repositioning this past quarter to help continue to grow NII and our resulting margin and really taking advantage of what could be a much higher rate environment. I would tell you our guidance is baked on a 75 basis point increase in November, followed by 50 basis point and then 25 basis points. If I had to -- if we had to do it all over again, we probably have that a little bit higher. So I think we have some incremental opportunities to grow, and our loan growth has been nice. We have a very solid balance sheet. We leverage our deposit franchise. And I think you can -- I think we're hitting a pretty good tailwind here, hopefully wrapping up the year strongly and really positioning '23 to be a pretty spectacular year as well. Again, we'll give you better guidance when we get to the earnings call in January.
David Turner: Yes. So, we've been saying all along that we expected deposits to decline in the corporate space, in particular, the surge deposits of $5 billion to $10 billion. We're down about 4.5 since year-end -- since last year-end. And I think that we still expect that to happen. We're holding on to more than we thought. And so perhaps that's a positive to us. I think as you think about betas, so our beta last cycle was about 29%, right at 30%. We've been guiding that it's going to be higher, this go around to the mid to upper 30s. Our Q into beta now is at 9%. I think linked quarter we at 11%. This next quarter, you're going to see that move up a bit. We expect about a 30% beta in the fourth quarter, it will take our cumulative to mid-teens. And then in the first quarter, we're probably going to see even a higher beta than that, call it, 50%, which will get our cumulative to about 25 at that time. So, I think you're going to just continue to see this hike-up a bit. But we believe our beta as like last time will be lower than our peers, which is the value of our franchise, but call it, mid-30s to upper 30s.
David Turner: Gerard, this is David. We have a -- oftentimes they don't get to the back of our deck. But on Page 25, we have a lot of what John was speaking to. And it really shows the -- quite a bit of improvement in terms of probability of default and the investment grade improvement.
David Turner: Yes. So, the consumer has been very resilient. In particular, this bucket that we have on [indiscernible], that group happened to -- that cohort happened to be the recipient of a lot of stimulus. They also were recipient of minimum wage increases. Our unemployment rate is below 4%. So these are people working and they're being prudent where they're spending. And so they just haven't -- they just have not spent more than they make. And I think it's attributable to what John just mentioned in terms of overdraft being down, too. I think people are being more cautious and careful in this period of time. And with inflation, you would expect this group to be hit more adversely but they also disproportionately benefited. So that's why you're seeing this on the surface, it doesn't make sense to you, but that's what the data is telling us. And we've gotten pretty granular with this group account by account by account, which is where we got the information from.
David Turner: It's not just lower income, lower FICOs. It has to do with how people manage their money. So it's lower balances. So this customer segment was under $1,000. That could be people that have fine FICOs, they just spend about what they make. So they don't have a lot in their account. So it's not necessarily the lower FICO band.
David Turner: Well, we certainly think the Fed is getting after inflation. And as a result, we think their move is going to be pretty strong this next couple of moves at least. And -- but this customer segment is just -- they're just better -- some of our businesses, frankly, better prepared for whatever downturn or slowdown we might have. Our base case is not a recession, but we do think the probability of that has increased. And if the Fed moves at the pace we think, there's a strong likelihood that, that can happen, but we think it will be fairly mild. But we do think that customer spend patterns are down. We saw that in our debit card transactions this quarter, quarter-over-quarter, they were down. And so we think people are already being prudent with that. The inflation that we're seeing is coming from labor in a very tight labor market, it's hard to get on top of that unless unemployment rate goes up, some. So I think that's what will happen over time. And then other inflations have been driven by commodities, which is really a supply imbalance right now versus demand. But with the Fed moving at the pace that they're moving is going to slow that down. It's going to bring demand back to supply. And I think you'll see us -- the expectation is you would see a slowdown from that standpoint.
David Turner: Yes. I can give you some data points, but it's important to know that when you start picking on one particular item, there are a host of things that go into the calculation. So what you're asking for is everything else being stable except for unemployment going to 5% or 6%. So if you were to do -- and no other changes, no response from the bank, no anything, you would probably have a reserve that's 20% higher under a 6% unemployment. But again, you start taking into account what employment means we're interest rates. And so our NII is likely overwhelming whatever credit issues that we might bake in. So it's a nice thing to think through, but there are just too many parts that kind of figure out what the net-net is. We think higher rates for Regions is still a net positive.
David Turner: Well, generally, when we put in hedges they're about three years in duration. So if you -- we're talking about the middle of '23 and '24 start. So you're three years out from that. So you're '26, '27 protection. And so we will look to extend those. We still have room to -- for more hedging and it's dynamic. We study this every single quarter. And we got a group that does it every day. And so this is just a static position that we're showing you as of the date we produce it.
David Turner: Well, I think one, we're coming from a zero. And we did have a lot of surge deposits, $40 billion for the surge deposits. We think that that's going to -- 1/3 of that's going to move out. We expected 5 to 10, hadn't happened yet. If we've missed it, we've been probably a little bit more conservative. We much rather give you a mid-30s than a 29 where we ended the last cycle. But I think expectations would be for everybody, it should be a bit higher. We're coming from a low and going to a higher rate environment that we saw last time as well. And so we kind of peaked last time pretty quickly and then started to come back down in I think '19 it was. So again, if we missed it, it's probably because we're a little conservative.
David Turner: Yes. We generally would run with $1 billion to $2 billion of cash. We've got to have $13 billion to really take care of the surge deposits that we're going that we expect to run out. And we've been a little bit opportunistic with not deploying our cash and securities, but we didn't need to because we had good loan growth and we had good hedging in protection. And so our NII was growing nicely. There was no reason for us to -- we could have generated more NII, but at the risk of missing an opportunity to invest that cash in a much better environment, which is what we're getting. So I think being patient here is important, and we really want to use that cash to fund our loan growth. More importantly, that's our first order of business versus trying to put it in the securities book at this point. If we see where we think rates may cap out, could we use our securities book for some incremental hedging? Yes, we can do that. But think about it as -- we still have a lot of access to borrow from FHLB. Our total liability cost right now, 23 basis points is the lowest in the peer group, and we don't see where we need to access wholesale anytime soon.
David Turner: Michael, at this point, we don't -- there's still a lot of uncertainty this thing, Ian hit right here at the quarter end. We did our best, estimate trying to figure out what the damage was going to be. But you're rightly to point out that oftentimes in these storms, there's a lot of money that comes into it, Federal dollars, state dollars and insurance money. But we haven't really contemplated any of that, and our deposit guidance does not reflect any additional deposits coming from those sources.
David Turner: I wouldn't sign off on that just yet for next year. We'll give you better range when we get to the January earnings. That was really just more for this next quarter because of what we're seeing right now in particular with M&A and real estate capital markets. So don't lock that in for 2023.
David Turner: I think, if we can get M&A back on track to where it was, if we can get real estate capital markets to open up a bit, you just get more activity. The whole capital markets are kind of down right this minute. We're going to continue to add some bolt-on acquisitions or at least looking for opportunities. We had a couple that we added this past year. And so we're going to do some things to see if we can't help augment the pressure that we're feeling from the lack of having, again, M&A and real estate capital markets. 
