O. B. Grayson Hall: Thank you, David. And just let me make a few brief closing comments and then we can open up the lines for your question -- questions. As I indicated earlier, 2012 was a year of progress for Regions. As we look ahead to 2013, we expect to face a business environment that in many ways resembles the year just completed. The pace of economic recovery continue to be positive but incrementally slower than desired. Our industry, our customers and our economy continue to deal with a substantial level of both global and domestic uncertainty. But overall, our confidence is building. As a result, we do anticipate a stronger second half in 2013 as the economic and fiscal uncertainty abate and our markets continue to strengthen. The Regions team is focused on growing our customer base and generating positive operating leverage. Our efforts to derisk have begun to moderate. Our expectation is that business should stabilize and begin to grow this year. We have demonstrated growth in some customer segments, such as Commercial and Industrial and indirect auto. Additionally, we have experienced strong growth this year in our mortgage business. But the growth needs to be balanced across all of our lines of business. We continue to be encouraged by our level of loan production, but we need to begin to realize net growth in our outstandings. Our confidence is growing, and our business continues to strengthen across the organization as we see improved pipelines, applications and originations. We remain disciplined in our efforts to control expenses and continue to see opportunities to improve efficiency. But we are committed to a balanced approach that invest in technology, people and products where the opportunity to grow revenues or improve efficiency exists. Our capital position and capital management process are much improved, and we are committed to returning an appropriate level of capital to our shareholders as our performance dictates, subject to supervisory review. In closing, our business model is a relationship banking strategy. It works to build deeper and more productive banking relationships by addressing the specific financial needs of our customers. We believe this approach will build shared value for our customers, communities, shareholders and associates. Now let's open up the line for your questions. Thank you.
O. B. Grayson Hall: And Erika, we've really tried to build a strong expense culture over the last few years and have, to David's point, when you look at our 2 predominant expenses which really have been personnel and also in facilities, we continue to rationalize both. Last year, we were down, on a net basis, some 280 positions. But we actually had added back over double that number that we had added back as we brought in our credit card processing. We had to have a number of people added there, as well as we've added people in risk management. And we -- quite frankly, we've added people, bankers that are in customer-facing positions, but we've been able to offset that through efficiencies in other parts of the company. We invested an awful lot in technology in our branches to improve the efficiency of that entire branch channel. We continue to think branches are an important part of our distribution strategy, but we're trying to rationalize the expense of that channel to try and improve the efficiency of that channel. But as David said, our expense strategy -- expense management strategy is really not a branded program, but it's just a way of making sure that we've got a strong culture that is focused on efficiency and improvement across all of our businesses and continues to look for ways to reduce our overall expenses. And we did that successfully in '12. We believe we'll be successful again in '13 and have guided to that point.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, you saw headcount's up just a little bit this quarter sort of as we sort of transforming, if you will, a little bit to more of a growth strategy for '13. We added a few bankers in that regard, but you'll see that moderate some as we get into the year, as we drive some efficiency out of some other areas.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, Matt, if you look at our loan growth last year, our loans period end to period end were down about $3.6 billion. 3 of that was in the Investor Commercial Real Estate portfolio. It has been -- in terms of trying to forecast that runoff, it's really been driven largely by the improvement in the economy and the availability of credit elsewhere for some of these distressed credits. And so the runoff for '13 was faster than -- I mean, for '12, for '12, was faster than we had early in the year forecast. And as you probably are aware, when we got into the fourth quarter of 2012, there were a number of decisions being made in anticipation of tax code changes that created a sense of urgency around resolving some of these more distressed credits, and so we saw some special activity there. So all that being said, the runoff in that portfolio was a little faster than we'd anticipated in '12. We see it today moderating in '13 and moderating from a couple regards. One is we think that we got the number of distressed credits in that portfolio down to a level that we believe most of our runoff in that portfolio will come in the first half of the year. The second issue is in 2011, in Investor Commercial Real Estate, we did about $1 billion of production. In '12, we did $2 billion. So we more than doubled the production in that portfolio, in that customer segment. We're encouraged by the early signs we see in '13, so we think we'll have a good '13. So we think we'd start to see stabilization in that portfolio by midyear '13. That being said is that our forecast -- the accuracy of being able to forecast that is challenging, but we believe that's where we think we are today.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We do have a number of time deposits maturing in the first and second quarter, and those maturities are more heavily weighted towards the end of first quarter than the first part of first quarter. So we do think that while we indicate a stable margin throughout the year, our forecast would say that, that stability is easier to come by later in the year than early. But we still believe we're going to be able to achieve a fairly stable margin. The part that we can't forecast is as we get resolutions on distressed credits, many times we get the benefit of interest recovery, which aids our margin like you saw what happened this quarter, gave us about 2 basis points of benefit and those come when they come, and so you can't predict them. But we would anticipate through the year, in all likelihood, we'll see some repeat of that activity.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Josh, I think when you look at income statement, when you're trying to figure it out, where can we really grow, I would agree with David, I don't think there's one category that's going to dominate that. Clearly, last year, our loan production increased some 14% year-over-year on new production, new to Regions and we are encouraged by that. I think what we saw was sort of some slowdown sort of into late third, early fourth quarter sort of across our businesses, but then saw strong pickup in December. And I would tell you, December, from an activity standpoint, was probably one of the strongest months we've seen in a couple of years. December was a very good month for us and an encouraging month. And so I think when you look at where our opportunities are, clearly, for us to grow top line revenue, we've got to grow loans. We believe this can be a transition for our company in '13 to get back to more of a growth strategy and we've got a lot of momentum in the field across our franchise. And so I think if you look at where revenue streams have been, I think NII has got to improve for us to deliver on that. NIR has predominantly been driven by 2 things, really, our sort of transition to -- from sort of a free checking environment to a fee-eligible environment. We think we've gotten through that transition now or are back in a position to grow checking accounts in our company. We also think, from a mortgage standpoint, we did $8 billion in production last year. We saw sort of seasonally slowdown in the fourth quarter, between the holiday effect that you have in that fourth quarter. Top lines are back pretty strong. Is it going to be as strong as '12? I don't know, but it looks pretty strong to us at this point. So few more quarters, we'll know.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, at this juncture, we're still focused on growing organically in our franchise. I think the M&A activity is obviously opportunistic in nature. We're paying close attention to everything that's going on in the markets. But quite frankly, our focus right now in this company is trying to make sure that we're delivering on organic growth, sort of earns us the right to participate in whatever happens from an M&A standpoint.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. Paul, we've been retaining -- of the $8 billion, we've been retaining roughly about little less than 20% of that. It's the only thing we've been retaining in large part was the non-agency eligible and also some of the adjustable-rate product that we had in there. We've been releasing the fixed rate mortgages. We transitioned in the fourth quarter the holding, the 15-year fixed rate product into our portfolio. But quite frankly, very little of that actually hit in the fourth quarter. That transition takes about 90 days, and so you'll see more of that occurring in the first quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we had historically did an equity line offering. And in the third quarter this year, we've put together a fixed rate fully amortizing equity line -- equity loan product, that we rolled out to all of our consumer channels and production in the fourth quarter was up some 23% over third quarter. We were encouraged by the results of that. We like that product and that it is fully amortizing and it's fully funded on the date of origination. And if you look, it sort of how it stacks up from a Basel III standpoint, it's a very capital-friendly Basel III product.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, if you look at our portfolio, we're servicing about $40 billion in mortgages. That's large for us, but in terms of the overall market, we're a fairly small player, but $40 billion in servicing. And if you look at -- when we run the analysis, we've only refinanced, we believe, approximately 20% of the customers in that customer base into the HARP II program. If you look at our production, of the $8 billion in mortgage production we did last year, $1.6 billion was HARP II-related. Of that $1.6 billion, only 50% of that was mortgages that we serviced. So -- and it varied from month to month, quarter to quarter, but I would say irrespective of which time periods you looked at, it ranged from 23%, 24% production to as low as 18%, 19% production. But I think sort of keeping it in that 20% of production range is sort of where we still think that sort of falls out over the next few months, unless there's a shift in customer behavior that we have not yet seen. But there are an awful lot of people still eligible for that program. We're reaching out to those customers, making sure they understand the program and making sure they understand the benefits of that program and then trying to help them through that program and so I think it's a win-win for the customer and for our bank, so we're working hard on that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We talked about inside the company, we've got to generate positive operating leverage. And in order to do that, we have to look at both expenses and revenues and clearly have to be disciplined on expenses. But where there's opportunities to invest in people or technology or products that we believe has an opportunity to generate revenues and to generate positive operating leverage, we're going to take advantage of that. But your earlier question, you've really got to be pretty disciplined in that balanced approach to make sure that your investments are smart. But we recognize we still got to manage the expenses, but you still got to have a franchise as an ability to grow also.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, we saw some stabilization towards the end of the year and actually saw a little net growth, but still, at the end of the day, you probably -- Marty, you'd probably still call that flat. But I think we have some pretty strong plans now that we have that portfolio in-house. We've seen improvement in sales out of our branches and we've got marketing programs for 2013 that we believe will deliver growth in that portfolio. And we'll have to demonstrate that to you, but we are encouraged by the early signs we're seeing.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, I mean, Marty, I would tell you it's a great question. It's a question we ask ourselves often. And when you look at the programs, the rates, the rate and terms have been very attractive if you're one of these customers who are eligible for this program. Anecdotally, what we hear back from customers is some customers still are -- are still not as knowledgeable about the program as we'd like them to be. So we're trying to increase our level of customer communication and customer education about it. We also know that a number of customers who may be transitioning from the home they're in maybe to another home will not participate if they're going to refinance. So -- and if you look at all of the anecdotal comments you hear from customers, it causes us to believe that there's still a potential upside of more volume. I do think the underwriting process for mortgages is a very rigorous process right now. And so unless it provides a tremendous amount of benefit, people are probably somewhat reluctant. But we think once we explain the benefits of refinancing and what it can do for these families from a cash flow standpoint, we've been very successful in underwriting a number of these. We continue to build capacity to do this and as I think others around the country are as well.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jennifer, when you look at our commercial line of business, really, most of our growth over the last year has really come from the upper end of what we would call middle market and what is generally referred to as Corporate Banking. Our Corporate Banking efforts are not that large. And the way we sort of have our business dissected is, in our small business, our business and community banking approach, we go up to about $20 million in sales. In our commercial middle market C&I, we'll go anywhere from that $20 million up to as much as $2 billion in sales. So we're really focused on that core middle market space. That being said, most of the growth over the last year has come in the upper end of that, with smaller companies, smaller businesses really behaving more like the consumer, still no more deleveraging and carrying larger amounts of cash reserves. We are seeing a little bit broader demand than we've seen before. From a strategy standpoint, we've tried to take certain industries that we're specializing in, like asset-based lending, health care, transportation, energy and also franchised restaurant. And we've tried to focus on them. Those industries, we've recruited some really strong bankers in those industries, and we've used those bankers even though they may be located in one market or another. We've used them franchise-wide across all of our markets and have generated what I think is some pretty good strong growth in our commercial book of business. Where we've seen the decline really has been in owner-occupied real estate has continued to decline throughout the year. But that's not surprising because most of that product is in the lower half of the middle-market space and in the business and community banking space. The other side is investor commercial real estate, that portfolio had so many stressed loans in it and it allowed that -- those stressed loans have had to be resolved in the course of business one way or the other. And so you've seen that derisking activity. But as I mentioned earlier in the call, our production has increased on that segment. And when you look at the overall commercial business, I would again say we probably had the best December we've seen in a long time. And going into January, we feel pretty encouraged by it. We'll hold up through the year. Again, the economy being what it is, we're continuing to see incremental improvement in the economy and we hope that there's more certainty around a lot of fiscal issues and our customers could get back to investing in their businesses. And I think we'll benefit from that if that occurs.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We've had our mortgage team going through all of those rules and guidelines and a lot of the rules will have little to no impact on us. We think that there will be some adjustments to our business model that we're doing today, but they're relatively small. And so our mortgage team at this juncture is not predicting a big impact of those rule changes on our business. But our mortgage business has been fairly simple for a long time. We're not doing a lot of the things that would have impacted that business very strongly. But the -- so I think that at the end of the day, the guidance was good, glad we got the guidance. We'll adhere to it and we think we'll adjust our business model and move forward without a lot of barriers.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Line utilization is relatively flat. It was down ever so slightly. We really haven't seen much movement in that line utilization in the last few months in that 43% utilization range approximately. We've obviously, in our commitments, increased substantially, but line utilization really hasn't moved much at all.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I think, overall, we see the confidence is incrementally better, but it's a little mixed. I would use the word mixed. I think, clearly, our larger customers are more confident than our smaller customers are today. I do think that I'm not sure how many cliffs we have, but getting past what we did recently really helped the overall confidence level. I think if we continue to make positive progress on the fiscal side, that corporations will become more confident. Because I would tell you, business, people in business, they want a more confident environment. I think they're poised ready for a better economy to start executing on their plans. But right now I would say it's better but not -- the movement has been incremental, not a big, huge swing.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Listen, I appreciate everyone's time, a lot of good questions, and hopefully, you've got the answers you need. As I said at the first of the call, we appreciate your time and respect your time, so with that, we'll stand adjourned. Thank you.
David J. Turner: Yes, Erika, this is David. Yes, we have consistently wanted to put ourselves in the position to optimize our balance sheet structure in terms of its costs on the liability side. We've been doing that through our deposit side, as you've seen. And from the debt side, you've seen some of our utilization of our excess capital, if you will, to rightsize and adjust the funding. We do have other opportunities. Without going into specifics, I think if you evaluated what we have outstanding, you could probably glean what would be some potential targets. We do have elements of that, not all, but elements of rightsizing our liability structure baked into our margins. But we want to see how things play out during the year. There's still uncertainty with regards to the economy. So we haven't baked in all the potential opportunities that we do have, but some are.
David J. Turner: Yes, we have not quantified that yet. We kind of gave broad guidance that we would be down in '13 from '12, just like the guidance we gave you last year at this time. Things that we can point to, there is not -- there's no one particular silver bullet in that expense number. If you look at our expense run rate, you'll see that -- actually, our largest expenses end up being salaries and benefits and occupancy, and we think those are 2 areas that we will continue to work on to bring those down even further. Yes, we moved our credit card servicing in-house from paying a third party that we think will have some savings. We talked -- I talked earlier about the savings related to one of our REITs. So again, there's no one place that we can point to, credit-related expenses and others that as we continue to improve nonperforming balances and levels, we have some opportunity there. So I think net-net, we can see that being down. As we get closer and go through the year, perhaps we could put a finer point on that.
David J. Turner: Erika, I should have added, you asked about targets. We think we can have an overhead ratio still in that mid 50 to upper 50 range. So we still have some work to go...
David J. Turner: Over time. And of course, we need -- revenue is a component of that, too, and we need more revenue to get us to those levels.
David J. Turner: Sure, Kevin. We like to be in this position a lot more than going into where we were a year or so ago, which gives us an opportunity to do different things. Honestly, we would like to use, first and foremost, our capital base to grow organically. We think we -- as I mentioned, we think we can grow our loan book in '13, but that's really number one. Number two, we do believe that we have a capital base and profitability where we're accreting capital that allows us to return more to the shareholders than we have in the past. We, as you know, submitted our capital plan in the first part of January, and we'll be discussing that with our regulatory supervisors. So it's a little too early to be able to talk about what that looks like. But having an appropriate return to the shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks clearly is something that we think makes some sense. As you know, we've acquired our credit card portfolio about 1.5 years ago. We look for opportunities with asset classes like that to use our capital as well. So that's kind of the 4 things that we really think about in terms of positioning ourselves from a capital standpoint. We do know and acknowledge where we are with regards to Basel III and our Tier 1 common under Basel I, and we think that gives us optimal flexibility to work with our shareholders and to grow our company.
David J. Turner: Well, Michael, I think that as -- we've gotten this question before. Clearly, when you're trading below or at tangible book value, that makes you think one way the higher you trade on that from a share buyback, you have a tendency to question that leaning in another direction. That being said, we're still trading closer to tangible book value. And if you look at our embedded cost of equity, it's still high. So you think about the return that you get from an investment kind of buyback compared to where you're going to put that marginal dollar, and that kind of informs us as well. Again, we've submitted our plan in January. I guess our industry is not quite as dynamic as we once were to take advantage of what market forces are, and that's just the way it is today. That being said, we think we'll have an appropriate return to our shareholders, and we'll be releasing that information at the end of March.
David J. Turner: That's right. There's obviously more challenges early given where the 10-year is, and we do forecast a low but slightly improving rate towards the back half. So it gets a little bit more expansive, potentially expansive in the back half. So the first half is more challenging on that comment, but we still think we can maintain stability even then.
David J. Turner: Yes, Ken, this is David. You should expect to see some modest reduction in earning assets throughout the year, but that, from a margin standpoint, gets taken care of because of what you mentioned, change in mix of our balance sheet, whether it'd be from the liability side or the asset side. Things like on the asset side, we talked about our loan growth, we talked about our 15-year mortgages, we've talked at previous conferences about changing our investment portfolio and taking on more credit assets than we have because we have very solid liquidity. And so you'll see us take a little more risk there. And then we have elements of liability management that we continue to work down on the right side of the balance sheet. But -- so specifically, your earning asset question is a modest reduction.
David J. Turner: I think what you need to do is compare that and then also look at kind of the trends in terms of the 10-year for last year compared to where you think it might go this year. We started pretty high in the 10-year last year in the first quarter, I think, we topped out, I don't know, what, 230-ish and we're behind that right this minute. So there are a lot of factors that go into where you think revenue may come out, but those are the -- that's the main one you needed to look at, as well as earning assets and liability management.
David J. Turner: Let me kind of frame it up in terms of what last year might've looked like. So had we had this change, it would've meant about $1.2 billion in terms of volume and call it spread on the gain in the 3 25 to 3 50 range, so you can do some quick math to see what gains are relative to retaining that on the balance sheet. So today, 15-year mortgages are in, call it, 2 or 3 quarters percent offset with, if you didn't sell them, taking the proceeds and investing them in mortgage backs which going on today, with a like product, close to 1.5%. So those are the kind of things you think about and you can probably use what I just gave you and construct the difference between spread income versus gain on sale.
David J. Turner: I think that, obviously, you have to look at continuing to maintain NII at a strong level because of the reduction in expense that goes into that line item. I think you have to look at continued solid mortgage performance and it was very strong this past year. It should be strong going in and through 2013. If you remember back to 2012 at this point, I don't think many people projected that mortgage would stay as strong as it did, and we are looking at -- we think mortgage will continue to be very strong for us. Growing our customer households is a priority for us. We picked up additional NIR there. Production and growth in our credit card book, which we saw in the fourth quarter, and as you recall, we brought that conversion in the latter part of the third quarter, so now we can control the customer experience. We grew accounts, which helps us from a credit interchange. There's no one magic bullet. It is getting back to basics and growing every one of our businesses that we think can generate both NII and NIR for us.
David J. Turner: Yes, I think from -- most of that was actually sold into the market. I can't remember the specific percentage.
David J. Turner: Well, let me tell you, your first part was Regions 360. Regions 360 is an approach to doing business the way we want it done with our customers, which is to help them through all their needs, through all their financial needs. Grayson had mentioned earlier about making investments in people that generate revenue for us. Don't take 360 as being a new initiative where we have to hire a bunch of people. It's getting our people to do what we want them to do, to execute on behalf of our customer. And we think you'll see that in terms of more pull-through in terms of getting a deeper relationship with our customer. And as an example, today, 50% of our deposit customers have one product type with us that we need to expand that and Regions 360 will certainly help us do that. So it's bringing the full bank to our customers that we expect. From an all-in expense point, again, we think our adjusted expenses for '13 will be down from '12. No one area really drives that. It's just got constant focus on every single line item. So if you wanted to look at the biggest movers, you have to look at our largest expense categories that we currently have, which are salaries and benefits and occupancy expense. We do have things like credit-related, it'll come down some as nonperformers continue to attrite. And I mentioned credit card servicing earlier and then the REIT-related savings that we had.
David J. Turner: Well, let me kind of give it to you for a year. So if you kind of look at our run rate, we still think we have $200 million in terms of environmental expense, some of which we will always have. These aren't going away. We do think there's, over time, maybe up to 1/2 of that number, perhaps a little less than that. I would not look to that as being a huge driver of any expense savings that we get '12 to '13. Yes, it will be a piece of it, but I think, as I mentioned earlier, that you really have to look at all the categories because we have an intense focus on every dollar that we spend and that will just be one of the areas where we have some savings in '13.
David J. Turner: Well, Marty, as we mentioned all year, we couldn't make arguments on both sides of that trade. We thought at the time that the gains were more important to us as we continue to accrete capital and put ourselves in the position that we're in, capital wise. Honestly, with a low-rate environment you're taking -- you're having to analyze that marginal dollar. Where do I put it to get the best return -- risk-adjusted return I can get? And over the year, as we got -- as we became very comfortable with our capital position, and again, after looking at the markets' thoughts on how I treated gain on sale versus lack of loan growth, that also has to enter into the picture. And so when you kind of bring those 2 things together, we felt that it was time for us to switch the thought and put the -- give up the incremental liquidity, if you will, for mortgage-backed securities and put it in the 1 4s that go on the balance sheet. So it was a close call either way, but we think this shift for us will be net-net positive.
David J. Turner: Well, you'll continue to see us work down. So I guess at yearend, now that you see our balance sheet, we're at $3.5 billion, earning 0.25 point, that number shifts around quite a bit, you shouldn't see us on average throughout the year to have that much. Most of that is incremental to the proceeds if we did -- if we sold the loans and took the proceeds, we'd go into some of our mortgage-backed securities. So you're trading out 2 and 3 quarters for 1.5. We already have our repositioning of our investment portfolios, I previously mentioned, to take more credit-related assets, but I think you should think about it in the context of a mortgage-back versus the mortgage itself.
David J. Turner: Well, Gerard, I'm not so sure of the -- that the SIFI buffer is the ultimate driver there. I think there are other things that we need to think through, and that is one of the biggest one is OCI and how that's going to be treated. You still have buffers related to operational risk and other elements if you want to consider the whole capital plan. And so we've kind of mentioned over time that we thought the capital kind of settles out in that 8, 8.5 Tier 1 common range. I will tell you, though, it's still up for debate. We have a lot of discussion that's going on even as we speak relative to things like OCI, the send bucket for deferred tax assets and mortgage servicing rights and the like, but as we kind of cut through all that, we still see, as of right now, somewhere in that 8, 8.5 range as being probably where it settles out. And we reserve the right to be wrong on that, but that's our best guess now.
David J. Turner: You asked the question of the day. That is something we constantly look at. Honestly, we'd love to take a percentage of our securities book and deploy that in loans if we can get properly priced, properly structured loan growth. I think, historically, if you look at percentages of earning assets for securities book, you generally have been in that 15% to 18% range. We understand and acknowledge we're way above that. I think most people are carrying more securities than they would like to today. If we can get some uncertainties taken care of in the economy, whether it'd be the cliff, the debt, the uncertainties in Asia and Europe, and get some confidence in the marketplace, we could see some loan demand, which we have the liquidity to shift into that really quickly. So I think working that down to that range I just mentioned is what we want to do over time. It'll take us a while. It's hard to tell you how quickly we can get that deployed. But it is the reason that we have started to take more credit risks in the investment portfolio, which is historically and predominantly established to cover liquidity. But we believe, we had a 78% loan-to-deposit ratio, we have plenty of liquidity and we don't have a lot of long-term debt. But we think that we can take some extra credit risk in that investment portfolio to give us somewhat of a proxy for credit that we've put on the loan book. That being said, we're in the relationship business. We're in the business of making loans to people and businesses and that's what we want to continue to work on.
David J. Turner: Well, we talked earlier about liability management. You saw us do some of that this past year. We have about $750 million worth of debt maturing all-in this year. I think $250 million of that is at the holding company and $500 million is in the bank. We've already had that considered in our liquidity planning, which we start 2 years out. But we're looking for opportunities to reduce our all-in funding cost, in particular, our long-term debt costs which today is about right at 5% after considering swaps. And so you clearly are hitting on something that we look at all the time in terms of how we might take that out.
David J. Turner: Yes, if I look at the overall portfolio, what changes is obviously prepayment speeds keep moving around. But today, we're probably 2 and 3.25 years roughly. If you look at what we've put on in the fourth quarter, that's probably, I don't know, 3 years maybe.
Barbara Godin: I don't have the exact numbers to bring into production, but what we do have going on in HELOC right now, all-in is -- 52% of it is first lien of the entire portfolio.
Barbara Godin: Yes, even at the 350 level, I would say that we're in that normal range, the higher end of the normal band. I do see that continuing to trend down, though, and I would say the place for you to look at is our criticized and classified. Clearly, as those numbers come down, movements and [indiscernible] will follow.
Barbara Godin: Yes. We look at middle market spreads in general, going back even as far back as 2004. And where we are today, they're generally pretty flat. They went up clearly during the crux of the recession back in 2010. They were up, as Grayson said, they've come back up, they've tightened. Again, all-in, if you look at some of our individual businesses, things like business and community banking, clearly, that's a much better yield than some of the others. In our business banking spreads, again, they were up significantly in '09 and '10 and they've come back in again back to '06 levels generally as we have with fourth quarter.
