David J. Turner: Yes, John, this is David. We have approximately $300 million that are still in the environmental costs. And as we continue to go through 2012 and our credit metrics improve, nonperforming inflows come down, ultimate nonperformers come down, we expect those to trend down in 2012 as well.
David J. Turner: Yes, I'll add to that. Grayson hit on a lot of them. We do believe the impact of the lower NPLs will be positive -- lower excess cash at the Federal Reserve. As we put that to work and are less defensive with our liquidity than we've been from a deposit cost standpoint, while we improved 6 basis points over the quarter, we still think -- we're at 40 basis points; we think we can clearly get in lower than that into the 30s. And I think if you look at our investment portfolio, we started to make some changes there going into different asset classes, and so you'll see some movement there. And then we've been pretty disciplined with our loan portfolio. We are ensuring we are paid for the risk that we take, and we feel like we're going to be able to book loans that are properly priced. And all that together, there's 5 or 6 points, John, when you add them together. It shows an incremental improvement in the margin.
David J. Turner: Well, I think, as Grayson mentioned in his comments, really, we're doing 3 things. We're changing our risk profile so that we could focus on our core banking franchise. Liquidity, as you pointed out, is very important to us. That generated a substantial amount of liquidity. And the capital was important, as well. And so if you look at all 3 of those and our continuing involvement with Raymond James -- don't discount that totally, either -- I think your number is a little high in terms of its overall contribution -- core contribution. We had about $0.01 relative to that. So we think, going forward, that this was the right decision for our shareholders, and we'll see what this relationship brings to us on a go-forward basis.
David J. Turner: Brian, this is David. I'll add from an NII standpoint, we do see a modest increase in the dollars as well, so it's not just a shrinkage of the earning assets that drives the NIM up. I think that rounds out your first question.
David J. Turner: Well, you've brought up what we've been looking at for a long period of time. We've been very disciplined and patient with regards to TARP. We will continue to be that way. But those are the things we look at, in terms of immediate dilution versus what the dilution would be by paying the dividend. And so we think we needed to get some other things taken care of that would be reflected in the market for our company, which includes return to sustainable profitability, getting credit metrics turning. And we do those things, and as we've demonstrated, we think that all that actually gets taken care of in due course. We don't have specific timing that we can talk about today relative to TARP. As you know, we submitted our capital plan, and we expect to hear back in the middle of March on that. And, perhaps, that will provide clarity with regards to what we do from there.
David J. Turner: If you look at our core expenses that are adjusted expenses so it gets goodwill charged out of that, that didn't have Morgan Keegan in it. It's in our supplement. I don't have the page number, but it's off of that base for the year.
David J. Turner: I will attempt to get you closer. We do not have a maximum. That question came up last call that we had: was that the maximum? It is not. It is the fair value of our indemnification, which is indemnifying the buyer for all of the pre-closing legal contingencies that exist at Morgan Keegan, and there are several things that are embedded in that. And that fair value number comes -- we get to that number by thinking through possibly with a third party. Any related third party would ask for us to pay them to take that liability or that risk from us. Those cases that are underneath that aren't necessarily probable and estimable under the current accounting guidance, but they're fair value. So we may not have any payments that we have to make out of that. It also includes cost to defend us relative to all the litigation matters that are pre-closing issues. So we have not had a maximum. I can give you as kind of a reference point, if you look in our previous disclosures in the legal footnote, we talked about possible losses that we could have, and we had a range on those possible losses in the 0 to $300 million. These components of the litigation that you're reading about, indemnification is a part of that range of 0 to $300 million.
David J. Turner: Yes. Ken, I don't have those numbers. I can have List follow up with you specifically on that. But we've had a policy, a long-standing policy, that we would have 2 years' worth of debt service dividends and so forth in the parent company. And all we're trying to say is, we're going to continue to maintain that policy. We think that's the right thing to do.
David J. Turner: No, Matt. You've really got it, it's based on projections. We look at that every quarter. We project out the next 12 months from the measurement date, and we expect that to start coming in, in 2012. Won't have all of it, but a decent portion of that comes into the capital calculation throughout 2012.
David J. Turner: No. I think, honestly, we have a lot going on relative to our CCAR submission, which includes our forecast of where we think capital ratios will be at any point in time along the 2 years. And I think it'd be a little be premature to talk about specifics in terms of our capital plan right now. We'll probably wait until we hear back from our supervisors. That might be a more appropriate time.
David J. Turner: Yes, from a GAAP standpoint, different from what Matt just mentioned, that was a regulatory issue and the past losses really aren't applicable to that conversation. But from a GAAP standpoint, we have to evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax asset every quarter. And at year end, obviously, our auditors sign off on that relative to the financial statements. When we have to support that, we do look at continuing losses, but we also look at the content of those continuing losses. And when you have an unusual event or item, like a goodwill impairment charge, you can take that into account in terms of providing support and basis for whether or not you need to have a valuation allowance. We did not add a valuation allowance. We don't believe one is required other than a small one that we have for some state net operating loss carryforwards. But we don't believe that there's any big valuation allowance required for deferred tax assets. Our core operations are profitable and have been for the year, and so I think -- and we expect that to continue. So we don't see the need for valuation allowance.
David J. Turner: Well, we get into specifics related to the capital plan. I would just say that, taking into account everything that we think we need to do, our NIM would increase.
David J. Turner: Craig, as you know, the regulators have rules in terms of the earnings that you have to have, looking at the last 2 years' worth of earnings that you have to have without receiving any approval from them. So you'll see that disclosed in our 10-K in terms of, without prior approval, what that number is. I don't have that with me right at this moment, but that's really the constraint without prior regulatory approval.
David J. Turner: It is -- I said that too quick. 9.6. It was 9 points in the third quarter and 9.6 at the end of the fourth quarter.
David J. Turner: Tier 1 at the bank -- Tier 1 risk base at the bank is 12.86. And the leverage was 9.7 instead of 9.6.
David J. Turner: Yes, Gerard, I know it seems odd, but the goodwill calculation -- the first half of the goodwill calculation is at the segment level. The segment included primarily Morgan Keegan, what we sold to Raymond James, but excluded trust. And so when we evaluate the whole segment's goodwill, we ended up impairing virtually all of it. Well we did impair all of it. But you have that impairment and allocate that impairment. The allocation of the impairment then has to be made on a relative fair value basis between the discontinued operation and the continuing operation. And that's why you end up having the impairment attributed to continuing. And it looks like it was related to trust; it is not. It's related to the segment.
David J. Turner: That risk, Gerard, lasts for 90 days post-closing. And when you read the agreement, you'll see that there was a rep that the buyer put in an appropriate retention plan, on top of the existing retention that existed with the company, to reduce the risk of revenue producers leaving, because they don't want revenue producers leaving. Nor do we. And we think that, that's been taken care of.
David J. Turner: We've talked for a while now about wanting to get to into that high '50s, low '60s rate. We actually think that we can do -- be in the 50 range, in that mid to upper 50 range from an efficiency ratio, in time, as certain costs abate, as we continue to do and improve from a revenue standpoint as well.
David J. Turner: This is David. I'll take that, Kevin. We've spent a lot of time with rating agencies explaining kind of what our plan has been. We think our continued -- our return to sustainable profitability and our return to credit metrics were critical to getting our ratings stabilized in some cases and working on upgrades in the others. And we think that timing -- and to the extent we can continue to execute on our business plan, our credit continues to improve as we demonstrated through the fourth quarter, that we'd be in position to receive an appropriate adjustment to our ratings. So we clearly can't -- we don't know what the rating agencies will do, when they will do it, but we know the things that we need to do, which is that continued improvement in performance, including improvement in credit metrics.
David J. Turner: Yes, we've looked at that. We'll probably change the title on a go-forward basis, but it's got our capital markets group in there. We do foreign exchange and derivative transactions and hedging things of that nature.
Barbara Godin: Yes, we anticipate that our risks [ph] and TDRs to remain relatively flat. As you know, we've kept our tenure on those pretty short, and the reason for that is so that we can keep our customer talking to us instead of waiting for an extended period of time. So with that, and as the markets improve, we will then start to see the TDRs roll off. But until the economy improves, I would say you're going to see roughly the same level.
Barbara Godin: The only other comment I would make is, as you look at the makeup of what came in and also match that up against the makeup of what we had in resolutions, we're pretty well with that inflection point. We're organically -- we're at neutral, and any loan sales that we do clearly are impacting positively our NPL balances. I'd also say, as you look at our -- what we took in terms of a mark, we took 41% on our loan sales of $307 million. We had a 41% mark against that. And again, 10% of that was liquidity premium, just given the way that we've disclosed the fees, including a small group of loans that had a bulk sale associated with it, et cetera. So again, we're feeling pretty good about the way we have our reserve matched up against those portfolios.
Barbara Godin: Matt, this is Barb. I would say the general projection is, we're looking at that continuing to show improvement for 2012. The last couple of years, we've shown that there's a slight increase in the third quarter. I would attribute that to seasonality. The rise last quarter was not -- in the third quarter was not as big as the rise in 2010. So we hope that it, too, would modify in 2012. But if there's going to be any kind of a small bump, it's likely to be in the third quarter. But again, even from where I sit right now, we just see continued improvement.
Barbara Godin: Things are getting better, quite frankly, in that space. But I think part of it is perhaps just the driver bias. Those that have lasted this long are able to last a little bit longer, and they're hanging on to better days. I think we saw the early fallout, and that's been a lot of what we've seen in the last couple of years. In terms of our charge-offs, there are things moving to criticized and classified. But we again -- we're seeing just an overall improvement in that sector right now.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, Marty, the signs we've seen this quarter are encouraging, and it's just a question of sustainability. And we are encouraged, but we're still being very disciplined about how we run our models and the projections we are making. And as we continue to see early indicators, obviously, the drop in criticized and classified, there was a clear drop in early-stage delinquencies, late-stage delinquencies from fairly relatively flat. So we're seeing a lot of signs that would tell us that the asset quality is improving. But we keep running very disciplined models to make sure we're making the appropriate changes in that allowance as the numbers justify that.
O. B. Grayson Hall: I'll tell you -- just taking a couple of points, Brian. If you look at the opportunities for loan growth over the 2012 time horizon, what we've seen is that we're seeing growth in C&I as the predominant place we're seeing growth. Our commitments have grown faster than our outstandings. Most of that growth has been in the larger end of C&I. When you look at the marketplace, it's been predominantly in the -- up into the larger syndicated markets. We've stayed pretty disciplined in what we're putting on our books. We've very much of a relationship-banking model. Our core competency is really in that middle market and lower end of the upper corporate market. We have had very good results through 2011. That moderated a little bit in the latter part of 2011, and then we saw it accelerate in the last 2 months of the year. Our pipelines are still very solid, so we feel good about the growth there. We feel good about the growth in our specialty industries, in particular asset-based lending, healthcare, energy, and we're still continuing to add resources into those segments. So from a commercial standpoint, we feel good about it. I think when you look at the consumer side, we still are seeing deleveraging on the part of the consumer, but growth in auto to a strong degree. Mortgage has been strong, but we've not held much of that on our balance sheet. We're holding very little of that. We're mostly passing that through. And so when you net it all together, I think consumer is up slightly through '12. And I think that when you look at the commercial, it's going to be a question of how fast -- what's the pace of decline in that investor and commercial real estate portfolio. And I think that is a question we ask ourselves all the time. That's going to have more to do with the economic strength in this country. As the economy recovers, hopefully, we see more demand in that segment. Right now, the strength that we're seeing in that segment is pretty much isolated to multifamily.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I do think it's premature and it's inappropriate for us to give much specific guidance on that. I do think the way you're thinking through the economics of the alternatives -- we had been laboring through those same analysis for several months now, and as David said, have been very patient and prudent in that regard. And we will continue to be so. But it is premature at this point in time for us to communicate anything in regard to that exercise.
O. B. Grayson Hall: We think it's been an appropriate policy we've had in place for a good long time. And the only thing we communicated in the last call is we plan to continue to adhere to that policy.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Jefferson, I think it's a little early to do that. I mean, we have started a very productive relationship and held conversations going on in a number of fronts. Since we've signed a definitive agreement with Raymond James 2 weeks ago, we've had a number of meetings, and we continue to be encouraged about where we think that relationship is going. It's a little early for us to start assigning revenue streams to that today, because clearly, we're still try to define some of that. But I would bring you back to the fact that Morgan Keegan and the associates there, and the leadership team there, has been part of this company since 2001. There's some very strong relationships built there. I'd also remind you that Raymond James has been a long-time customer of the bank, and so we know the leadership team there very well. And we continue to believe that there are future opportunities that are undefined at this point in time, but we fully intend to define those over the next several weeks.
O. B. Grayson Hall: David can explain that, but the goodwill calculation is really based off the segment reporting we're doing every quarter.
O. B. Grayson Hall: There is a -- if you look at the agreement that was signed, that we filed, you can see that there is a post-closing adjustment language in there that talks about production and retention of large producers. We continue to be very confident that we've got a retention plan in place and enthusiasm in place with the team to hold those producers in place. But that risk is there.
O. B. Grayson Hall: No. I mean, what we've said is, we will mitigate that revenue loss over time. We do believe that time through 2012 that we will get the majority of that cost mitigated; not entirely, but the majority. We think that, so far, our numbers appear to be tracking where we thought they would. We've had some of the products that we've introduced. They've been slightly more successful than we had anticipated. The conversion from free checking to a fee-eligible checking, our numbers there have been almost spot on of what we had forecasted. So I would say no real surprises. We continue to be slightly ahead of where we had projected from a service charge revenue standpoint, but only slightly. So we still feel confident that our plans are working. And while it's been a challenge, I think that we've met that challenge very well.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Matt, a lot of that depends on what our competitors are doing. But we've obviously had -- in total deposits, we've stayed fairly stable. We've been down slightly. But as we've shifted dollars from time deposits into low-cost deposits, we've had a fairly strong retention of the dollars in the bank. But we also -- when you look at maturing CDs, what we've experienced is a retention rate of about 60% to 70% of them stay in a CD or time deposit product, and we don't see that changing in 2012. But obviously, the competitive pressures could change and alter that, but we don't anticipate that at this juncture.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, I mean, I think the way I would look at it if I was trying to find a positive correlation, as I do think assets that are held in OREO are held for sale, as well, as overall asset quality trends would be where I think the correlation on those environmental costs would be at.
O. B. Grayson Hall: When you look at roughly $11.6 billion, $11.7 billion in maturities we have for '12, you don't see that abnormally large group of maturities in the first quarter that you saw last year on high rates. It's spread out more evenly this year than what you saw last year, and probably a little more heavy in the second and third quarter than in first.
O. B. Grayson Hall: That's what we were trying to communicate. We believe if they've continued to play out as we see them today, that if they play out that way, that we would see an incremental improvement in our margin over the course of the year. We don't see that being a rapid jump in the first quarter and then leveling out. We think it will be gradual throughout the year. But if you look at our time deposits, we're down to -- just slightly over 20% of our deposit mix is now in-time deposits. We can see that -- we see that percentage continuing to fall throughout 2012.
O. B. Grayson Hall: It depends on term. Obviously, customer selects the term. But when you look at overall mix, we're probably coming on new CDs probably in a 30 to 35-basis-point range, all in.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes. We continue to revisit that question every month, and certainly could alter that decision if we thought circumstances warranted it. I think the question on how much earning asset growth we have this year is really is just going to depend on what is the pace of decline that we continue to see in investor commercial real estate. We do anticipate that pace of decline to moderate over the course of '12. In terms of balance sheet, we're seeing the assets on the consumer side that we have for the consumer, whether it's in equity line and first residential mortgages, continue to decline roughly $100 million each per month. But if we were to elect to keep more residential first mortgages on the balance sheet, we would actually alter that pace of decline on that particular asset type. But we also are encouraged by some of the growth we're seeing in some of our other products. And so if we can get to the point we're outpacing the decline in Investor Real Estate, we'll have net growth, and that's -- we're looking for that inflection point.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Yes, and Chris, I'd also say, when you look at, the most troubled part of our portfolio has been in land, single-family and condo. And if you look in our release, you'll see that's down to about $1.8 billion. And so in that -- to Barb's point, that exposure's now reduced, and those borrowers have made it this far. I would tell you also, in certain geographies, we're seeing geographies that have been pretty stressed throughout this cycle starting to turn in much better numbers. So it's just where we are in the cycle, quite frankly.
O. B. Grayson Hall: Well, thank you for your time and interest in Regions Financial. We certainly appreciate it and respect it. So thank you.
