O. Hall: Thank you, David. Before taking questions, I want to spend just a moment summarizing the actions we are taking to both improve Regions performance and to build a stronger organization for the future.  Focusing on the customer, enhancing enterprisewide risk management and building sustainable performance are the 3 priorities that we are executing. As second quarter's results show, we are making continued progress in taking deliberate and appropriate steps to deliver on this business plan. To recap, this quarter, we continued to de-risk our loan portfolio. We purchased our Regions branded credit card portfolio. We grew our commercial and industrial business. We organized a new wealth management line of business within the bank. We introduced some new suite of products and services for our consumer base and we announced continued efforts to rationalize our expense base in a disciplined and continuous manner. Another critical component of this strategy is to ensure that Regions has the appropriate level of capital to support its long-term plans. To that end, as we previously mentioned as part of our capital planning process, we announced our intention to explore potential strategic alternatives from Morgan Keegan, which we believe is in the best long-term interest of both Morgan Keegan and Regions Financial. All in all, I'm encouraged with our second quarter progress. We still have work ahead of us, but we are committed to the ongoing successful execution of our business plans and we are delivering improved results. Before we open the lines for questions, I want to address an issue that has received some attention recently. In June, a federal judge denied our motion to dismiss a civil lawsuit and suggested, in her opinion, the audit committee of our Board of Directors and government authorities are investing accrual status of certain loans in 2009. That prompted media coverage and questions from investors, so in the 10-Q, we will file in the next week or so, we are going to include a disclosure which will say that the company has received inquiries and subpoenas from government authorities related to 2009 and earlier periods regarding accounting matters that have also been the subject of pending civil litigation against the company. The company is cooperating fully and providing responses and the audit committee of our Board of Directors is conducting an investigation with the assistance of outside counsel and consultants. I think it's important to note these inquiries relate to 2009 and earlier periods and do not have any bearing on our present financial statements, including our level of nonperforming assets or our loan loss reserves. Please recognize that we're limited in what we can say beyond this disclosure. With that, operator, I'll open the line up for questions.
O. Hall: And Matt, this is Grayson, given our projection for a slow and somewhat uneven economic recovery, our focus on expense disciplines to drive efficiency and productivity will continue. As David mentioned earlier, we're down over 500 positions since the first of the year. I'm encouraged to say that we did that with improving service quality. Our service quality metrics continue to improve. I think as David mentioned, you really can divide our expenses into 2 categories, really, discretionary expenses and also environmental expenses. The environmental expenses are starting to improve, which is in their elevated nature has been a great turn of events for us this quarter. But our discretionary expenses will continue to trend downward as well because all across the franchise, every business manager we have is focused on this issue and we believe we will have to for some time to come.
O. Hall: Well it's -- I do think you have to look at the leading indicators in terms of criticized classified assets, in terms of early and late stage delinquencies. When you look at our credit metrics, they continue to show some favorable trend, albeit slower than we would like, but a favorable trend nonetheless.
O. Hall: Well, Erika, let me answer it this way. One is, we put together a plan of mitigating the impact of Durbin that includes both revenues and expenses. And we will, as you've seen us over the past year, really moving from a free checking environment to a fee-eligible environment. I think from a strategy standpoint, our strategy is not going to be that different than many of our competitors. But most of those strategies are speculative at this juncture, but we intend to increase the hurdles, if you will for our checking accounts. We certainly have under consideration specific charges around debit cards themselves and our implementation of that will occur between now and year-end, and we will be disclosing the impacts of those as we start seeing how customer behavior starts to modify in the new environment.
O. Hall: And Scott, this is Grayson. From a -- if you look at it from a deposit cost standpoint, we do continue to believe that we got more opportunity there to reduce our cost on the margin. I mean, loan yield perspective is, we're seeing new production across all asset classes, product types. We are seeing improved yields and rates on new production. Obviously, there's more competition that we're seeing out in the marketplace, but the rates that we're able to put new production on the books is still at levels higher than precrisis levels. And as we add new production to the book, we are seeing improvement in our overall yield outlook on the loan portfolio. That being said, most of our commercial loans are tied to 30-day LIBOR. We did have a pretty challenging operating environment in relates to LIBOR in the second quarter.
O. Hall: Well, we had to go through and have over the past several months a fairly extensive review of our businesses. We continued to do that across our portfolio of businesses within the company. I think that the settlement that we were able to achieve with the SEC, FINRA and the state regulators in regard to Morgan Keegan really provided an opportunity for us to look at that business more strategically and decide where we go, it's a very valuable franchise. It's been part of this organization since 2001, and we do -- our preference is to sort of maintain some type of strategic alliance as we move forward, but we continue to believe that as we look at our capital planning process that taking a strategic review at this point in time is the right answer. We will be giving more clarity on our financial pro formas as this process matures. Now, we're not in a position to give that clarity today, but it will be forthcoming.
O. Hall: Well, let me start and I'll let David sort of respond also. We have been continuously reevaluating our businesses, our products and our markets. And we've got a fairly full agenda at the moment, with all the activities going on. We certainly continue to run through that process on a quarterly basis as we go through a fairly extensive capital planning process, and making sure that we're looking at these businesses the right way. I think the announcement we made around indirect, around credit cards, and now, around reviewing strategic alternatives for Morgan Keegan have been part of that planning process for several quarters. I think you will continue to see us do those types of evaluations. We're not in a position to share what our thoughts are today on future events, but I think you can have a certain amount of confidence that we are in a continuous review of all the businesses we're in to try to strengthen this organization for the future and put us in a better position to be successful in delivering the results that our shareholders desire.
O. Hall: Well, this is Grayson. It's going to be an uneven approach by the industry. I think that it's too early to call at this juncture where yet to see in the marketplace what all the participants, what strategies all the participants will deploy. We believe, we put together a good strategy. We stand ready to modify that strategy, though, if the market necessitates that. But I think at this juncture, it's just too early to call what the customer reaction will be. We've certainly done a lot of research. We tested a number of theories and we've had customer groups in and we've listened to and spoke to. But we really got to wait to see what the behavioral changes of our customers turn out to be.
O. Hall: Understand this portfolio we acquired has been Regions branded for years, and so it's on a Regions card, it's predominantly sold to Regions customers. And our strategy is to cross-sell Regions customers with a credit card, not the other way around. As I said in my comments today, when you look at this portfolio, the vast majority of these customers already have banking relationships with Regions Bank. We've got about 2 to 5 products already sold to these customers on average today. So this is really just our ability to control the customer experience around the credit card for our customers, who already have a relationship with Regions and for us to deepen and strengthen that relationship. And you won't see us being most aggressive on a credit card. It's a relationship product from our perspective.
David Turner: Yes, Matt, this is David. We still have a lot of environmental expenses embedded in our income statement. Roughly, call it $300 million a year that we're continuing to work on. You also saw our increase in FDIC premiums during the quarter, which is based on an estimate of what we think the premiums will be. There are still ongoing discussions on the new definitions that are embedded in the new rules there, so we will continue to focus on expenses. Part of our -- we look at headcount, we look at branches, we will continue in this type of environment where revenue is harder to come by, you have to be diligent with regard to expenses. So we are going to continue to work on getting those down. As I mentioned before, we expect that over time, that we ultimately settle in to an efficiency ratio, which is in the lower 60s, or higher 50%, and we're not there yet, so we still have some work to go.
David Turner: Yes. Matt, we haven't and we're working through that right now to be able to quantify the increase. We don't have that yet. We do think that maybe more important component is the expectation of the driver of any additional reserves. And we do not believe that, that change in accounting of TDR definition will impact our reserves meaningfully. So as soon as we get the number, we will be posting that up. We don't have that today.
David Turner: We do, Marty, but we also entered into some fix receipts, fixed swaps with that, that protects us with a lower rate environment. So again, our expectation is rates will be down here for a while, and -- but we've protected ourselves on the downside.
David Turner: Yes, Marty, one, credit-related, obviously, these are all estimates right now, trying to come up with what the risk-weighted assets are. It's a little early for that. The purpose of us putting Basel III in there to begin with is there was a lot of noise about what that might mean to some of the money center banks, and we wanted to answer the question that our transition to Basel III is not going to be that difficult for us. We just don't have the same construct that the larger money center banks do. So we are continuing to look at definitions and implementation, but I wouldn't get too caught up on the specific numbers. We do believe we'll be in compliance. Obviously, we think we'll have higher ratios than what you see when it comes time for implementation of Basel.
David Turner: Well, clearly, our charge-offs were up because of our de-risking and we provided, if we had not had that charge-offs would've been a couple of hundred million dollars lower. I think the point we need to make is, we think that from a charge-off standpoint, core charge-off, they will be elevated compared to what our expectation is on a normal run rate. We have the reserves established for that. We're holding a pretty large reserve at 3.84% today. So you would expect charge-offs to continue to remain elevated. The bigger issue is, what will the provision look like over time? And you saw us provide less in charge-offs for the first time in a while this past quarter. So we don't have any planned transactions, if you will, at this time that would cause that charge-off to be -- level to be where you saw this past quarter.
David Turner: Ken, I don't think you can look at it that way. The charge-offs are charge-offs, and the provision is a separate calculation that relates to any new issues that you may have coming up or any degradation in issue -- in loans that you already had reserved for. And I think we let our allowance model work for us, and we book whatever reserve the model tells us we need to have. So I don't think just because we had charge-offs, specific reserves attributable to those that you can imply, we would not provide less in charge-offs going forward. We're not admitting that we're going to do that either, we're just saying don't look at it that way.
David Turner: Erika, I think I have your question. Out of that $620 million, $255 million of those were accruing and the remainder were in non-accruing status. Those were the book value numbers and you saw our charge-offs, the $207 million on that $620 million.
David Turner: Yes. The $620 million is the net book value that does not have reserves ascribed to it. We ended up having charge-offs of $207 million and we released our reserve $150 million. So that would give you some idea about the additional charges that we would have taken on that pool of loans.
David Turner: Yes, Scott, you're right. That's why we put upward bias to it. We also have nonperformers, and as those continue to yield, what -- there's a pickup there. One of our issues that we've been facing is, from a liquidity standpoint, we've had tremendous liquidity over this past quarter. We had an average of right at $5 billion at the Federal Reserve. And we'd like to put that to work on a more efficient basis. So we've been working to return to sustainable profitability, improve credit metrics and get our credit ratings improved such that we can take, become a little more efficient with regards to how our balance sheet is positioned. And when we can do that, you can see that we can do a lot better earning than 25 basis points with that $5 billion over time. So the question is, when can we do that? And we're working hard on that. You're right to point out, we do have some more benefit to pickup from deposit costs. We are at about 53 basis points today. And I think that we will continue to improve there. And then, we layered on roughly a little over $1 billion credit card purchase that should enhance our loan yields going forward. So if you're trying to imply we're being a little conservative in terms of the call, I'm with you, but I don't think until we can get our balance sheet positioned as efficient as we want that we're going to have a runaway margin.
David Turner: Yes. Jefferson, this is David. We don't have any current plans for a disposition that we -- similar to what we just we had. We do have loans in held-for-sale and OREO, which we would continue to market and sell. But we are continuing to evaluate our portfolio. And if it makes sense to have a further transaction, then we will mark loans to held-for-sale, take our mark, put them in there and sell them. But right now, we do not have that currently planned.
David Turner: It would be, if we end up having a loss, yes. And if we had a gain, it would increase to Tier 1 Common.
David Turner: It was just the maturing piece that was -- because we had it swapped out, it was on a weighted basis, it was a lower rate. And so when it came out, it just forced everything else up.
David Turner: Yes, Kevin, this is David. We've had a strategic plan in place that our board has approved, and we've been executing in accordance with that plan. Certainly, if you'd look at an example of Morgan Keegan, we needed to be in position to settle the regulatory issues that we've talked about before we could move forward with evaluating strategic alternatives for Morgan Keegan. So we will continue to look at all options to continue to enhance the value to our shareholders. Specific to Morgan Keegan, you asked at the end of your question kind of how do you replace the revenue hole to the extent that we execute on if something comes out and we actually dispose of Morgan Keegan, you need to look at Page 10 of the supplement, which carves out -- and this is not apples to apples, but it does give you most of that is Morgan Keegan, it's included in the evaluation. It does include, on Page 10, trust and asset management, which is not part of the strategic evaluation, but you can look at the numbers that come out of that. And as you think about how you replace revenue, you need to also consider about the expense that won't be there to the extent we pull that trigger. And also note that whatever proceeds raised in the transaction, if one happens, serves to offset the amount of debt perhaps that we have to raise as we position ourselves for -- at the Parent Company as we position ourselves for repayment of TARP. So that's interest carry that you save by not having to go out in the marketplace and raise that debt. So you need to keep that whole-type transaction, not just focus on revenue.
David Turner: Christopher, this is David. I'll start and Barb you can add on. Obviously, the marketplace is changing dramatically each and every quarter. You're looking at a lot of history. In some cases, asset values are stabilizing, in some case, there are still challenges there. So when you try to forecast losses that are built in based on that history, it gets difficult to do. I would tell you as you think of our losses, and look at the reductions in our most problematic loan portfolios, Investor Real Estate is down 50% from where we were at the beginning of the cycle, down to $13.4 million. So we expect charge-offs to be there, that's why we have a reserve of 3.84%, and we believe we're adequately reserved for the credit risks that's embedded in the portfolio. When you have dispositions outside of the normal course, if you will, and we've had some of those over time, you introduce a liquidity discount that you have to take. And in some cases, that liquidity discount is worth taking and sometimes it's not. We clearly have disclosed the fair value of our loans, that's assuming we would have a -- sell everyone of our loans, and that's not the case. So predicting those losses will be at that same level is difficult. But we continue to evaluate the best strategy of our portfolio. And like I said today, we don't have any plans to market and sell. And if that changes, then we will take our charges and move on.
David Turner: Yes. Let me also respond. I think about 1/3 of our reserve is consumer, 2/3 of it is commercial. Chris, that was for you.
Barb Godin: This is Barb. I'll go ahead and respond to that question. The majority of it was related to the actual loan sale that we did, although there was a small portion that was related otherwise.
Barb Godin: Jefferson, it's Barb. The $150 million that we released was not in addition to, it was part of the $207 million that it cost us. So we already had these loans pretty well marked at the time that we sold them. So if you look at that rough delta between what we sold, from the $620 million, and the difference between the $207 million and the $150 million, it's roughly $60 million, say, roughly a 10%. We chose those assets as we -- part of our continuous credit servicing, we've looked at each of the accounts, we looked at how long it would take us to accomplish our workout strategies, and in several instances, and knowing at the time that the market was pretty enthusiastic for some of these individual assets, we felt it was in our best interest to go ahead and pull that workout strategy forward and go ahead and sell it. And again, the 10% therefore, I would reflect as being more of a liquidity premium in the market than it was a credit mark.
Barb Godin: Yes, I don't have the average LTVs in front of me, but let me just give a general comment on the TDRs, if I could. Remembering that we have decided as a strategy on our work outside to keep all of our duration short, so all of our renewals are short, we typically don't go beyond a year. And so because of that, as we look at these loans that are coming up, that we actually are going to renew this year a lot of those are going to fall into TDR status because what will happen is, one argues that, "Would you ever make a loan to a classified credit and could you ever get the appropriate rate around it?" And so, again, we've taken the position, conservative perhaps, but we've certainly taken the position that the answer is no, and so therefore, they would become TDRs. The collateral behind it is, all manner of things, income producing in general, but that would make up the story of it.
Barb Godin: I'd add to that -- this is Barb. I'd add to that, that our land, single family and condos, being our most distressed parts of the portfolio, both balances did fall this quarter, as you see $2.5 billion, down from $4.4 billion just a year ago. So they've fallen substantially. The other comment I would add to that is, of that, as we look at the number of customers or the percentage of our customers in nonperforming loans that are paying as contractually agreed, that continues to go up each quarter. Compared to a year ago, as well, it's 24%, were paying as contractually agreed, and now we're at 42%. But that, too, suggests that the quality of what's in the nonperforming loans is a different quality over the last several quarters, and I would expect the same going forward.
