Grayson Hall: Thank you, Dana. Good morning and thank you for joining our call today. Before we get started, I want to take a few minutes to speak about the hurricanes that richly impact our footprint. I am immensely proud our team responded and met the needs of our customers, fellow associates and our surrounding communities. Due to our market locations, we unfortunately have significant experience dealing with severe weather related events, immediately following the storms. Our first priority was ensuring the safety of our associates in the impacted areas. While several associates were personally affected, we are extremely grateful that none were injured. In total, 482 banking offices across 100 counties and six states were impacted by the storms. But because of our strong processes and experience teams, we reopened 95% of them within three days following each storm. With the exception of one branch that sustained significant damage, all banking offices are open and conducting business. Our focus remains on helping our customers, associates and communities begin to recover and to rebuild. And while we are still evaluating the financial impact of these storms, David will provide you with our related loss estimate shortly. Keep in mind historically following similar weather events we typically experienced a pickup in economic activity associated with reconstruction efforts along with overall deposit growth. Despite the impact from the hurricanes, we reported solid earnings available to common shareholders from continuing operations of $296 million during the quarter. With earnings per share of $0.25, while generating positive operating leverage, expanding our net interest margin and producing solid growth in pretax pre-provision income. Importantly, we remain focused on expanding our customer base, as we believe is fundamental to future income generation. This quarter we grew checking accounts, households, credit cards, Wealth Management relationships, total assets under management and Consumer loans. We continue to benefit from our asset sensitive balance sheet, as strong deposit franchise, which drove an 8% year-over-year increase in net interest income and a 30 basis point increase in net interest margin. We continue to make strides in our efforts to control expenses, adjusted non-interest expenses decreased $32 million or 4% year-over-year as efficiency remains a top priority of our team. As it relates to loan portfolio, several factors impacted balances this quarter. New and renewed loan production increased 9% year-over-year. However, consistent with the rest of the industry borrowers access to capital markets to a larger degree this quarter which led elevated loan payoffs and loan pay downs. Furthermore, we continue to execute our deliberate diversification strategy focused on achieving appropriate risk-adjusted returns. While these decisions pressure loan growth in the near-term, we believe it is a right long-term strategy and a prudent approach to creating a balanced portfolio, positioning well for future loan growth, with respect to asset quality, our disciplined approach to credit continues to deliver positive results, although uncertainty regarding the impact of the hurricanes remains, we continue to characterize overall credit quality as stable. Regarding efficiency, we recognize the slow growth environment could persist for some time, and therefore, we remain focused on what we can control. Our plan to eliminate $400 million in expenses is well underway. However, we now expect to achieve the majority of these eliminations by 2018 rather than 2019. Through our work in this area we are implementing steps to simplify and grow the bank, which will allow us to significantly improve efficiencies and effectiveness throughout the organization. We believe there is an opportunity for expense eliminations beyond the $400 million. To that end, additional efforts are underway and we will provide more information later this year. With that, I will turn it over to David to cover details of the third quarter.
Grayson Hall: We had talked about a $300 million we will -- that we found and the extra $100 million, which got us to the $400 million we will find by 2019. We’ve now updated that guidance to tell you we will find the majority of that extra $100 million in 2018. But we want to reserve kind of including our 2018 looks like for later part of the year, because there are investments that we were making. There’s investments in technology in particular and so in the -- in December we will give you better guidance in terms of what that means for 2018. And we’re also looking beyond the $400 million over the next three years, ‘18, ‘19 and ‘20, we will give you guidance on that in December as well.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Michael, I think, that just to reiterate what David said, we continue to look at how we can do business more efficiently and still making sure we are doing business effectively. And as David mentioned, part of that strategy has been in our channels, in our culture channels and year-over-year our branches are down almost 7%. We’ve been pretty aggressive in trying to rationalize our physical points of presence. We’ve also been very judicious in looking at all of our operational processes to try to streamline those to make a more efficient. We just invested in some technologies, it have allowed us to continue to reduce our staffing levels to be more efficient. We work very diligently with all of our vendor partnerships to try to rationalize our expanded -- expenditure with third parties and you going to see us continue to keep expense management at a really high-level of focus and priority over the next several quarters. It’s an imperative in the slow low rate, slow growth environment.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. We had a very solid quarter from an expense management standpoint. I think you got a look at the hurricane and the expenses that we incurred both direct and through the expense categories and addressing the hurricanes, but also the provisioning we took as well. So, David, if you want to try to frame that.
Grayson Hall: Just to look at the third quarter and when we have hurricanes like this we dispatched off a lot of our team members with supplies and generators and so forth. We have a lot of payers. We have a lot of expenses occur when these events happen and our response to them and then we’ve also taken a very supportive stance on waiving fees and so forth during the event period to try to accommodate our customers getting through these tough situations. And so, but in spite of that we still posted up a really solid quarter from an expense management perspective.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. Probably the biggest impact is -- has been how we have sort of rationalize not only our physical footprint in terms of numbers of branches, but also how we format those branches from a staffing perspective and In will ask John Owen to speak to that just a moment.
Grayson Hall: You will see us as we go through our simplify and grow initiatives, we want to try to continue to enhance and strengthen the customer experience. We also want to try to find more ways to create more effectiveness and more efficiency in the back office, in particular in risk and compliance and we believe there’s technology solutions that will allow us to do a better job in risk and compliance through robotics and artificial intelligence, we believe some of those investments we are making really find a way to make us not only do a better job, but do that job in more streamline manner.
Grayson Hall: Yeah. It’s a great question. So spreads clearly have tightened up since a year ago. That’s why you saw not just with Regions but a lot of our peers with access to the capital markets, that’s why you saw our $1 billion issuance in the third quarter, a little earlier than we had originally intended, because of that spread tightening. I think there’s still a lot of competition out there. Spreads are down, not down dramatically from a year ago, call it 9 basis points across the board, different asset classes and I think that we don’t have an expectation that that will continue to grind down, but I don’t see it evident of massive reversal either.
Grayson Hall: John, first of all, our focus right now is primarily call trying to execute on our fundamentals, grow the bank organically, manage expenses with an off a lot of focus and attention and deliver on the numbers that we have tried to project to you in our Investor Day and attract very closely with. As David mentioned, we will give you an idea sort of what we think in 2018, 2018 looks like in December. I think that when you look at the options we got in deploying our capital we first and foremost would look to deploy in the loan growth, as Barb had mentioned earlier, and of course, John Turner and John Owen are both pushing hard inside the company to do that and do it prudently. We have executed on number of non-bank acquisitions that that we think have been of a size and nature that has been accretive to our. We continue to look for those where they are at. We also monitor the bank M&A market very closely. We look at that. We look for when the economics of that makes sense for our company, but quite frankly and then quite candidly, right now, that’s not the primary focus of ours. We just don’t see that wonderful opportunity at this juncture. Those that could change. The map could change on that. The economics can change. But for right now we don’t see that as a tremendous opportunity for our company.
Grayson Hall: Hey. I don’t have that John in front of me. We think about though is, we have collateralized deposits that don’t provide us much liquidity value at all, because we’ve had to post securities for that, give us a little bit of diversification if you will from things like the FHLB. But when we have and let just call it Wealth Management or trust deposit where our customers are really looking for a better deal and we are willing to give them. We don’t want that deposit that that really is going to show more of 100% beta as rates move and so we are sitting here with a loan deposit ratio of 81%, 82% and it just doesn’t make sense for us to continue to hold on to those type deposits and we will continue to let those roll off.
Grayson Hall: So, John, we would say that we have a lead position right or left and a little over 10% of the opportunities that we’re currently. Well, roughly, we have about 10% of the opportunities that were engaged and we don’t have a number on right.
Grayson Hall: No. Thank you. We very much appreciate your time and your interest in Regions and look forward to speaking to you at the end of next quarter. Thank you.
David Turner: And in -- so in indirect auto, that runoff usually takes about two and half years runoff. It cost us somewhere in the $500 million range as we mentioned, so we just now finished about a year, so we have about a year and half round number, Peter.
David Turner: So we think about repurposing, we got -- round numbers we had talked about another $1 billion that we were looking at. The truth is we continue to see opportunities to look at all of our relationships as they continue to come through and mature, and so it’s hard to explain to you exactly how much in terms of runoff would occur, it’s really the opportunity to look at a lot of large corporate relationships as they come up for renewal.
David Turner: Yeah. I will answer the last question. We really want to reserve that Michael for December, because we are continuing to finalize our budget, our strategic plan for the next three years. So we will have a better net response to you then. As we think about, how we are going to simplify and grow our bank, really looking at all processes that we have, starting with how we serve the customer all the way to how back office enables the front office to deliver our product and service. Our goal is really to simplify how our customers bank with us and how our associates serve our customers. So it is a broad base initiatives that we will be looking at how we can leverage technology to get more efficient and to have a more effective responses in many areas, and so we continue to look at branches as we’ve done, we have consolidated more branches and any peer since the crisis and we look at a lot of square footage even outside of the branch in terms of opportunities for saving. So it’s is pretty broad base.
David Turner: Yeah. Michael, let me add one another thing, you know what our goal is with regards to efficiency in 2018. And as Grayson just mentioned, our expectations are to do what we have to achieve that -- those expectations that we laid out at our Investor Day, regardless of the environment that might be ahead of us in a slow growth whether rates are up or down or whether they are up or flat, and so that that’s what our reason for focusing on the expense initiative.
David Turner: …for Barb comments that, every day we are learning a little bit more from our customers and obviously the more information that we get from customers and communities, the more refined our estimates are for those losses. And historically, as Barb mentioned, within about a nine month period we got a great degree of certainty about what that potential is. We’ve taken what we believe to be disciplined and prudent approach of what we’ve done this quarter, but for certainty we have got a lot of play out.
David Turner: Yeah. So, I think, that, clearly, as we mentioned the hurricanes, three of them happened right here at the end of the quarter, so we did our best to estimate losses both on the credit side, as well as the non-credit side. We will have some adjustments in the fourth quarter. I don’t expect those to be many great magnitude thus far based on what we know today. And as we think about expenses, we still are within our guidance that we provided at the end of the year that we would be less than 1%, we have given you a guidance that we believe our operating leverage for the year will be approximating 2%. So, I think, your questions also leading into what it’s look like for ‘18 and I am just going to ask you to be little patience until we get to December and we will give you a better net number for both ‘18, ‘19 and ‘20.
David Turner: Yeah. So provided a little bit of guidance in terms of where our balance sheet is currently positioned right now with regards to even rates where they are as we have fixed rate loans maturing that and securities are rolling over that we can reinvest to have some accretion in net interest income and resulting margin. We do believe if we mentioned that we will grow loans in the fourth quarter we will give you guidance in terms of loan growth relative to 2018 again in December. But we expect to continue to benefit without a rate increase and of course, the probability of December increase is in the plus 80% right now which is why we gave you the guidance on NIM in the fourth quarter to be up modestly.
David Turner: The actual balance is effectively unchanged. I think our commitments are in the range of $38 billion, outstandings roughly $19 billion, commitments are up modestly, outstandings are down a little year-over-year, couple $100 million, but we have generally tried to hold those balances about flat and are again remixing the business exiting some relationships, as David pointed out, entering others as we see opportunities to be more relevant and to gain more of our customers’ share wallet.
David Turner: Yeah. So we’ve mentioned quite a few technology investments in our prepared comments in terms of helping our customers, helping guess our customers bank easier with us and helping our associates serve our customers. So you are going to continue to see investments in digital, will be a big investment that we need to have. And I think the whole simplify and grow the bank, again a lot of initiatives there in terms of process. So we think technology will enable us to have more efficient and effective processes through that implementation, which is going to cost us a little bit of money, which is why we don’t want to answer the question for ‘18 just yet.
David Turner: Yeah. Betsy, it’s actually both of those. We are looking at the total portfolio, the fixed rates that are -- that exist on both in consumer and in the business side, as well as the securities book that rolls over every month, and so it is a combination of those two or literally three things that we believe will help us be accretive in terms of net interest income even if rates stay kind of where they are.
David Turner: Well, we’ve -- so we do believe that as rates continue to increase in the face of that, those rates increase deposit betas will also increase. We’ve been fortunate thus far our deposit beta is around 10% thus far, quarter-over-quarter we were about 14%, but like beta about 10%. We believe this is a unique advantage for Regions and that our deposit base SKUs to our retail depositors where in smaller markets we’re in those markets where deposit costs or deposit pricing is less sensitive and that we will have a better deposit beta relative to our peers consistent with what we experience last up cycle. So we think there’s continued benefit for us to actually extract the value out of our deposit franchise as we finally getting rate increase.
David Turner: And if you look at, I mean, over the last several quarters we really strengthen the composition of our deposit base and we think it’s more of the core strength of the company and we have rationalized some of our higher cost deposit that whether it be collateralized deposits or public funds deposits. And under these liquidity rules, we want to make sure that we’re building high quality deposit base that we can depend on quarter in and quarter out and so we feel very good about the deposit base we have built obviously in this environment. We have been able to really make that composition ship very gracefully and feel good about where we are at today on deposits.
David Turner: Yeah. So, Vivek, what we recently changed was, when we added the $100 million, so we had an original $300 million plan.
David Turner: We added $100 million earlier and said we would find that through 2019. We have now adjusted that extra $100 million and say, we find the majority of that in 2018. So, not much of that component is actually in our current run rate.
David Turner: Yeah. So we continue to evaluate the risk-adjusted returns on all of our businesses, we evaluate diversification of our businesses and geographies and as it relates to insurance you’re quite right, industry has had a down on a premium market for some time, that starting to reverse actually recently. And so, but we continue, we are going through our strategic planning process, where we look at all of our businesses as we speak and we will give you again more guidance as to what that looks like for our next three years, we will lay that out in December.
David Turner: Yeah. So we backed off that a little bit, you know that industry very well, the multiples of cash flow became very expensive and it was hard for us to justify the type of investment it was going to take us to get any type of sizable acquisition done. So what you have really seen it later are really smaller acquisitions of producers that we put into that business and but it’s really right this minute cost prohibitive for us to spend the type of cash flow. It’s going to be required to do the deal.
David Turner: Yeah. So we have laid out a target common equity Tier 1 in the 9% range. We had originally targeted that for the end of 2018. We can’t quite get there by the end of 2018. It will be in 2019 before we get there kind of given where our loan growth and our capital plan are laid out. We will update that as we do our CCAR next April, but we expect that to approach that sometime in 2019.
David Turner: Yeah. So we have kind of got to the point where our premium amortization is really not as important to us in terms of what our ultimate net interest income and margin are, we are sitting here in the mid-30s in terms of amortization, that might drift a bit lower, but not appreciably. So we are looking at maybe it bottoms out in the low 30s to high 40s.
Barb Godin: Yeah. This is Barb Godin. I wouldn’t call an excess provisioning, what we do is then we look at the Hurricane Katrina of course being a very different hurricane than the three that we experienced, including a lot of the rules and regs, and help you got money back in Katrina and what happens. But we take a very methodical approach to sizing up our exposure could be to the hurricanes, not just on the physical exposure but we reach out to customers, we reach out to other, we use the third-party service to help us do some reconnaissance work, et cetera. And so we come up with what our best estimate is recognizing the hurricane came in at the end of the quarter, the best estimate at this point as you know was about $40 million. We are going to continue to refine that. As David said, it will take us roughly over the next nine months for us to fully get that number result, but we will have much more clarity even as we move into next quarter on that number. And so far as the rest of our allowance goes, we fill customer with the methodology that we use around our where we set allowance for the company. So again, we certainly don’t count on any bleed over from something like hurricane.
Barb Godin: Good morning, Ken. It’s Barb. Relative to the charge-offs. You are right. We did have a $28 million energy charge-off quarter. That was oilfields services primarily we are seeing an end coming to that book. I think you will start to see that over the coming quarters, but the energy itself in E&P and other sectors is really played itself out little bit of oilfield services left. Relative to improvements in things like our non-performing loans out of our top 11 credits eight of them were actually payoff that came which was -- and it was very broad base. There was only one that was energy and the rest were just a mix of everything else. That was good to see 90-day delinquency behave, criticize classified. We talked about it, et cetera. So all in as we think about where credit is, is stable for the time being and in terms of the allowance obviously as you hear me say, we follow a mythology -- methodology and as things get better in our book, the allowance will as well. But we again don’t anticipate the allowance that were going down, for example, at 1%, et cetera, but there could be some room for improvement in the allowance ratio.
Barb Godin: You are right. But, again, both Mr. Turner and Mr. Owen are working very hard as is the rest of the company to make sure that the growth story is going to be a great story for us particularly as we look forward over the next few quarters and well enough to release as much in my allowance, because we will be offsetting those loan growth.
Barb Godin: In terms of, let me go with outstandings first, I think, you are going to see some contraction in our oilfield services, loan balances will continue to decline somewhat. In our midstream we are happy with that part of the book. You are going to actually see us growing that part of the book. Same thing with E&P. There is opportunities in there. Relative to the credit quality cases, again, the only key step, we really still think, time and attention on is the oilfield services piece. That too again, as I mentioned, this quarter we saw lot come through this quarter and I think that too is resulting itself pretty quickly.
John Pancari: Good morning. Just wanted to -- on the topic of capital, wanted to see how you would -- as you looking at the deployment, how would you prioritize M&A in the grand scheme of things? And then also on that front would you -- how do you view whole bank M&A versus non-bank deals? And then, lastly, what would you be your target as deals if you were to look at anything on the bank side? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks, Grayson. And then on the margin front, the deposits that you’ve been allowing to runoff the higher cost deposits, sorry if I missed this, but what is the average cost of what you have been running off? Thanks.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. And just one more, on the back to Steve’s question around the shared national credit. Thanks for giving us the number. What portion of that portfolio of $19 billion an outstandings, are you the leader ranger. I know you’ve done a fair amount of repurposing with that exposure. So curious where you stand now in terms of which ones your lead on? Thanks.
