John C. Martin: Thank you, Patrick and thank you all for joining us today. Last year Mark was marked by great productivity and an unprecedented pace of progress. Revenues increased to record levels in numerous R&D programs or advance. This is true for all therapeutic areas, HIV, liver disease, cardiovascular, respiratory and oncology. Although today I will limit my brief comments to liver disease, HIV and oncology. As you are aware the clinical development program of sofosbuvir for the treatment of hepatitis C infection is supported by four Phase 3 studies. Results from the first study POSITRON evaluating sofosbuvir and ribavirin and interferon-intolerant or hematological genotype II and III infected patients were previously disclosed in a press release in November. This morning we issued another press release with top line data from the second and third Phase III studies, FISSION and NEUTRINO; both of these studies met their primary end points.  FISSION compared to 12 week courses of sofosbuvir and ribavirin in genotype 2 and 3 infected treatment-naïve patients to a 20 weeks standard of care regiment of pegylated interferon ribavirin. The SVR 12 rates for the sofosbuvir ribavirin arm was 67% compared to 67% in the controlled arm.  The other study, NEUTRINO evaluated a 12 week treatment course of sofosbuvir, ribavirin, and peginterferon in treatment naïve genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6 infected patients. In this study, 90% of patients achieved an SVR 12.  In both FISSION and NEUTRINO, sofosbuvir was safe and well tolerated and adverse events were consistent with the known safety profile of ribavirin and peginterferon.  The results from the fourth Phase III study, FUSION evaluating sofosbuvir and treatment experienced genotype 2 and 3 infected patients will become available later this quarter. These four Phase III studies along with a number of additional studies in special populations will support the marketing authorization applications of sofosbuvir, which are planned for submission in the second quarter of this year. Results from all Phase III studies will be presented at future scientific meetings.  We are also developing the fixed dose combination of sofosbuvir and the NS5A inhibitor ledipasvir, previously known as GS-5885. This one pill once daily FDC is being developed as all oral interferon-free regimen for genotype 1 infected patients. The first Phase 3 study evaluating the FDC with and without ribavirin was initiated last November. Earlier this year, we announced initiation of the second Phase 3 study in genotype 1 treatment experienced patients. This successful B studies would support regulatory filings in the first half of 2014.  Now turning to HIV, our vision to simplify HIV treatment with single tablet regimens is proving to be a robust strategy. With Atripla, Complera and Stribild, there are now three STRs available. Continued innovations with STRs create opportunities to improve upon current regimens. A recent example of this is TAF commonly GS-7340, which was evaluated last year in a Phase II study. This Phase 2 study show that TAF is efficacious at one-tenth the dose of VIREAD, and provides potential safety advantages. Based on these findings, a TAF containing STR was advanced into Phase 3 development last month. There are two identical Phase 3 studies, which compare elvitegravir, cobicistat, emtricitabine, and TAF co-formulated into an STR to a control Stribild.  Importantly these studies will allow for inclusion of renally impaired patients with GFR as slow as 50 mL per minute.  Turning to oncology, over the last five years we have built the beginnings of a solid franchise. Idelalisib, a PI3K double inhibitor was advanced into five Phase 3 studies in refractory CLL and IMHL. Simtuzumab, the anti-LOXL2 antibody is being evaluated in various Phase 2 studies of pancreatic and colorectal cancer and in myelofibrosis, liver fibrosis and pulmonary fibrosis. Earlier this year, we announced the acquisition of YM BioSciences, which is expected to close this week. This acquisition brings to us CYT 378, a JAK 1/2 inhibitor, which has been studied in Phase II for the treatment of bio fibrosis. The data indicate that CYT 378 has potential advantages over existing agents and we plan on advancing the compound into Phase III studies later this year. Overall, 2012 was a very successful year. We’ve demonstrated productivity across all parts of our organizations. 2013 will also be an exciting year with numerous upcoming milestones. We look forward to sharing our progress with you. I’ll now turn the call over to Kevin Young.
John C. Martin: Yeah, and Jeff I’d just like to chip in and say that the GT-3 market size in the U.S. is 7% of the population. It’s different in Europe. It’s different in the rest of world, but it’s only 7%. So market here is very much GT-1 and GT-2. And I’d also like to point out that there was 11% of patients from FISSION, who had to discontinue and that’s in a clinical trial setting so clearly current standard of peg ribavirin is difficult to take even of a 24 week period. So we can do better. We want to do better for the GT-3 patient both the current standard is certainly less not optimal.Geoffrey C. Meacham – JPMorgan Securities: Okay, thanks.
John C. Martin: And Marshall, let me add some different look, clinical perspective clearly in the second quarter of this year will hit the peak of clinical studies, we have the pen of how you count eight Phase 3 studies Stribild in hepatitis C and all of those should finish this year, they are fairly short duration treatment, so next year we should see fewer clinical studies lot more. 
John C. Martin: Yeah, so Ian with regards to TAF, I assume you’re thinking about the second Phase 3 study that was also – which will come out I think in the second quarter if I am not mistaken. We’re still debating that internally whether we should do the second fixed dose combination actually with the protease inhibitor or whether it should be something else and that should lead to – we will announce the decisions on that Monday, as soon as we are there.  And then you asked about IPF, that study was a very small study. I think it was some like 25 patients that weren’t dosed for long enough. So I think even if Simtuzumab has had a fairly dramatic effect in IPF. I don’t think we would have seen it. So what we’re doing right now in the Phase 2 study, it cannot be a Phase 2 that leads to a Phase 3, which is an event driven study that is doing a number of interim analysis for utility. So in other words if we see a trend early on we would of course continue, we don’t see much at a certain point, we will discontinue the study. So it’s a risk based – risk managed approach to a large Phase 3 study which starts out a Phase 2. 
John C. Martin: I feel reluctant to do that, because the enrollment rate is an unknown, I mean if this was Hepatitis C, I would feel no fear to give you a date, but in IPS, it’s a little bit slower, and I don't know how the community is going to react to an injectable, it's something that we should have to see on enrollment goes, I don't know.
John C. Martin: Yeah, hi Terence. We actually don’t have any data, I don’t have any of the discontinuation rates. They’re very small and I don’t have any information on what the response rates in those people were that received less than 12 weeks of the regime and I have to go back to our data set and look. Sorry.  Operator, next question…
Robin L. Washington: Thank you Kevin, good afternoon everyone. We completed 2012 with strong financial performance. Our continued commercial execution enabled us to generate total revenues of $9.7 billion in 2012 representing a 16% increase from 2011. Net product revenues exceeded the upper end of our guidance, driven in part by $80 million to $100 million of purchasing that exceeded prescription growth as Kevin highlighted.  Our operating expenses were within our guidance range as provided for 2012. Non-GAAP R&D expenses increased to $1.5 billion, up 34%, reflecting the progression and expansion of our Phase III studies, particularly in liver disease and oncology.  Non-GAAP SG&A expenses increased to $1.2 billion, up 12% year-over-year driven by higher pharmaceutical excise tax and ongoing cost to support the growth of our expanding business. During 2012, we generated operating cash flows of $3.2 billion, which includes $533 million in cash collections from Southern Europe for the payment of past due accounts receivables. We repaid a total of $1.6 billion in debt resulting in a non-GAAP debt-to-EBITDA ratio of $1.8 billion as of December 31, and remained on track to reach our targeted non-GAAP debt-to-EBITDA ratio of $1.5 billion by mid-2013.  With recent business development activity and the upcoming maturity of the May 2013 convertible notes, we will be suspending our repurchase activity until this targeted math. The last financial highlight that I would like to share is our full year 2013 financial guidance, which is detailed on a slide 41 in the earnings presentation available on our corporate website. Please note that this guidance is inclusive of the YM BioSciences acquisition.  For the full year 2013, we are projecting product sales of $10 billion to $10.2 billion reflecting a 6% to 9% increase over 2012 product sales. This range is since the continued growth of Complera and Stribild in the U.S. and Europe, as well as the continued growth of our cardiovascular franchise. We also assume the continuation of a challenging economic environment in Europe and the potential for continued volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.  Our non-GAAP product gross margin for 2013 is expected to be in the range of 74% to 76%. We expect our full-year non-GAAP R&D expenses to be in the range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion if we continue to invest in our product pipeline. We expect non-GAAP  SG&A expenses to be in the range of $1.55 billion to $1.65 billion which includes increased sales and marketing expenses in preparation for the launch of sofosbuvir in 2014.  Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the full-year 2013 is expected to be in the range of 26% to 28%. This includes the benefit of the Federal R&D tax credit extension which was passed by Congress in January and is retroactive to 2012. As a result, our income tax provision for 2013 will include a discrete tax benefit which will reduce our effective tax rate for the first quarter and to a lesser extent full-year. As detailed on Slide 42, we are anticipating a full-year 2013 diluted EPS impact of acquisition related restructuring and stock-based compensation expenses to be in the range of $0.21to $0.24 per share.  In closing, we're pleased with our performance across the organization during 2012 and as John indicated, we believe we have laid the groundwork for future success. We want to thank our employees for their continued dedication and hard work. I will now turn the call over for Q&A.
Robin L. Washington: Yes, so Mark IP for 7977 is domiciled in Ireland; so as we commercialize that, there an opportunity for our tax rate to decline over time.Mark J. Schoenebaum – ISI Group: Thank you. 
Robin L. Washington: Sure Matt right, I can’t necessarily talk about peak year, I can talk about 2013, and I mean, I do think if you look at on an absolute basis, and as a percentage of net product revenue do, and we’ve guided to towards being higher (inaudible) that's given by the progression of our Phase 3 studies in HCV oncology. I don't necessarily – I see that trend probably continuing somewhat beyond that, but we'll try to add at the appropriate time.Matthew J Andrews – Wells Fargo Advisors: Okay, thank you.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Marshall. So I mean as it relates to R&D spending, I cannot mention for 2013 on an absolute percentage of revenue, it would be higher. 2014, still I think similar level particularly given our focus on oncology as we continue to build up that franchise with the successful launch as a percentage of revenue obviously that would go down, right more towards traditional levels, right but those absolute spend, I’d see probably remain at the 2013 levels for a while. 
Robin L. Washington: And Marshall, it relates to gross margin as we have a larger component of our net product revenue coming from Stribild and Complera, we would expect to see a more favorable impact of gross margin and we think clearly in 2014, with the launch of 7977 and expects that even greater going forward.
Robin L. Washington: Thanks, Geoff, for your question, I mean the quick answer is yes, and yes to both. I mean clearly, we would expect gross margins with (inaudible) equal to or better, I mean it would be dependent on final pricing by directionally if we think about our plans, yes, we would expect them to be at the higher end relative to our current margin for HIV. And as it relates to operating margin, as we discussed the last two years of the acquisition and the investment period for us without the following revenues. So with the launch of 7977 in 2014, we would definitely expect to return to operating margin conditional for Gilead and hopefully improved.
Robin L. Washington: I don’t think it would be significant Brian. It would really depend on what we do by taking that downgrade, right. So I think relative to other companies of our size with our balance sheet, we could take on more debt, but you are right, the cost of capital is doing a given current interest rates would probably not be that significant.Brian Skorney – Robert W. Baird: Gotcha. Thanks.
Robin L. Washington: Alan, I will take that from Norbert. Alan, I mean I would say, kind of consistent with prior year as we modeled out, 2013 we bought about 2% to 3% or so in European price impact relative to our revenue. Other additional pricing pressure that we could see come out of Southern Europe, one of the things that we are seeing in addition just pricing, there are other classes being taken such as reductions in inventory, delayed treatment, attractive pricing and reimbursement negotiation, but we also see kind of a kind for one of directly price related reducing, we all have to do with the kind of environment in Europe. Alan Carr – Needham & Company, LLC: Thanks, that’s helpful.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Hi, Geoff, it’s Norbert. So regarding genotype 3, I would say immediately, we’re doing two things, we could think of longer treatment durations to get a response rate up, and that’s ongoing in fusion, and we can also think about or we are initiating a study to look at the NEUTRINO regimens or pegylated interferon, ribavirin and sofosbuvir for genotype 3, that will be a very attractive opportune, I think and I’m assuming the response rate with that regimen would mimic what we have seen in NEUTRINO genotype 1, 4, 5, 6, more intermediate term we were actually looking in ELECTRON in two cohorts with our fixed dose combination of sofosbuvir and 5885, for genotype 2 and 3, I have to tell you my expectation is that that regimen should not be excellent, because simply the antiretroviral activity of 5885 against certain polymerase in genotype 3a is suboptimal.  And then lastly, as you pointed out we’re certainly looking at 5816, I think that compound in combination with sofosbuvir has that opportunity to make this whole issue disappear, and we are looking at that hopefully we can initiate the Phase 2 study sometime in the middle of this year; studies in genotype 2 and 3 are currently ongoing and as soon as those are finished, and as we have some inkling about the dose will initiate Phase 2. And then you asked about study 104, you correctly – so the 48 week is the primary regulatory end point, at which we would analyze the study and submit it for marketing authorization application. But as you know, we always carry these studies out to longer duration in a blinded fashion, and this study currently is planned to go for 96 weeks. But we are confident that we are going to see difference in BMD at week 48, I want to remind you, we have seen those same difference with a much smaller same emphasize into Phase 2 study at week 24. So I’m convinced we’re going to see the same thing in the Phase 3 study.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, hi, Rachael, so it is a high class problem, you are right, but it’s certainly not going to sit on the sidelines. So what we are currently thinking and this of course needs to be discussed with regulatory authorities to do a non-inferiority study, so we will do another Phase 3 type study, non-inferiority of 12 versus eight potentially versus six weeks, depending on the outcome of the Phase 2 studies, and we would like to get that into the label. We feel it’s very important to have that information available for promotional purposes and maybe Kevin could comment on that thing. So that’s our thinking Rachael. Again, this has not been discussed with regulatory authorities yet, we still yet that to do that.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, hi, Matt, I don't have the – so what we put in the press release, the response rate in NEUTRINO was 90% and 80% in cirrhotics. So non-cirrhotics you can kind of calculate what that would be if the overall population of cirrhotics is 17%, I don't have the number right here, but it’s obviously something north of 90%. U.S., the second question you had about how many transplant and decompensated would be in the label, so needless to say, we are going to put in the filing whatever we have at that time, we've had at the moment if I’ve not mistaken about 25 to 30 patients enrolled in our pre-transplant study with a post-transplant study that has about a similar amount. And then Rich has started a decompensated study dose that have a portal hypertension, and I don’t have the number here. And whether this is enough to actually get in the label, of course has to be determined by FDA, I don’t know – it also what they think about, 25 patients. It’s also, of course depends on what the results are if we see something spectacular then FDA would be more mineable, I think to put the lower number of patients in the label. But I think we have a very good broad package that includes decompensated pre-transplant, post-transplant and HIV coinfection that we will be in the initial label.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah Michael, so the data from Lone Star and by the way also from ELECTRON, the six week arm is an ELECTRON, we should be able to get those early second quarter, and only then can we make a decision to do a larger study to look at to compared to '12 to '08 to may be six weeks. But keep in mind the ION-I has a 24-week treatment arm in it, that’s going to be the late-limiting step. So we compare 12 to 8 to 6, we’ll get that done before the 24-week treatment arm in ION-I will finish, so it all works out for NDA filing.Michael J. Yee – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: 9669, where is that going? So our plan right now is to follow. So we are going have to first answer the question, what is the limit of 7977, 5885. Is 12 weeks without ribavirin limit, is it eight weeks, is it six weeks with ribavirin. Once we have found the point where the response kind of wares off, then we would do the mixed experiment, and see whether if we had a third drug or we will place ribavirin will 9669 whether we get a better response rate. So in other words, if you can think about six weeks may not be enough with 7977 by the (inaudible). So add to that 9669 again, we would have once-daily potentially single tablet regimen for six weeks. That’s kind of what we’re looking at right now. Of course then we have to ask the question, is three drugs for six weeks versus two drugs for eight weeks or 12-weeks. That still a debate we’re having internally, but meanwhile in Phase 2 we’re answering these questions.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Phil, so I would say it was parsed what we put in the press release, but we did like a statement that that – if you look at just adverse events and laboratory abnormalities differ always greater in the control arm even in POSITRON, which utilized in placebo control, there were more laboratory abnormalities in the placebo arm compared to the 7977 arm. So to this date, I have to say, we have not seen anything that we could point to, that’s a signal in either adverse event for laboratory abnormalities that is due to sofosbuvir. I don’t know the exact size of the database, but it’s something like a thousand patients treated beyond 12 weeks, maybe about 2,000 total, so that’s the state of our safety. They are based and lastly, the safety profile in cirrhotic doesn’t seem to be sufficiently different from non-cirrhotics. so to this point, this is very well tolerated and well behaved drug, we are very happy with it.Phil M. Nadeau – Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thank you. 
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Hi, Thomas, this is Norbert. You are kind of reading my mind, because both John (inaudible) and I looked at this over the weekend then we went back and forth over the numbers. So I can tell you, I don't have an answer for you other than to tell you that the numbers are small, so you have to be careful what percentage is. I'm not sure whether some of these percentages will still be the same when the numbers are much larger. The next study by the way FUSION will shed some light on this. It has more cirrhotics actually 35%, and so I hope we’re going to learn something more there. But you know what these known from a larger number of interferon ribavirin studies that was recently if April and December 2012 in hepatology first author Marcelo, and he actually showed that over a large number of patients 7,000 patients in all genotype cirrhotics are about 15% to 10% lower in their response rates than non-cirrhotics and somehow I feel like what we are seeing here looks like the same thing.
Kevin Young: Yeah, Matt, I don’t have the transplant numbers at my finger tip. So I can get back to you in terms of the proportion of patients who are being transplanted specifically for HCV. So we can get up to you.
Kevin Young: It’s always nice to have high need population, and clearly a transplant patients, because they all reinfect with HCV is a very, very high need population. But I think, what we’re seeing from our day to today and having labels for GT-I, GT-II or GT-III, it’s clearly the core parts of our approval. So I think it’s nice to have, but I don’t see it is very, very big and sort of a big swing factor in our launch at all.
Kevin Young: Hey Mark, it's Kevin. Yeah, if you don't mind Mark we probably do mind, I'm going to hold those numbers for a little while longer, we are obviously in a highly competitive market here, but I think once we get through regulatory filing, and getting to the middle of the year, and we really start to take up the commercial activities then I think we will be able to share some quite interesting information we're starting together on the whole dynamics of HCV, not just in U.S. we’re doing some really good work in Europe as well. So we will start to share that with you as we get into the middle of the year.Mark J. Schoenebaum – ISI Group: Okay I understand thank you. Maybe the tax question. . . 
Kevin Young: Hi, Robyn, it’s Kevin. Yes, it’s included in our guidance. It’s probably going to be a very small product. We’ll be hopefully launching simultaneous to elvitegravir. I think as John Milligan has said in the past, in the main driver of cobicistat as a boosting agent will come from the combination products that will be launched in due time by our partners with Reyataz and with Prezista. So I think our expectations are for fairly modestly sized products and our concentration for the sales representatives will be first and foremost way to Stribild followed by Complera.
Kevin Young: Hey Ravi, it’s Kevin. I’ll reverse the order of your questions, can’t right now peg you the specific number for our HCV field force again as I said with Mark's question; we are in a very, very competitive world. I did say today that we would have a dedicated HCV field force, I think it’s important for us not only to do well in hepatitis C, but continue our success in HIV, so we will separate the field forces so we'll continue to have a dedicated HIV set sales force, and we will have a dedicated HCV field force. Actually we will also have a dedicated HBV field force. So I hope that's somewhat helpful.  In terms of our genotypes and the way we are viewing our launch, it’s certainly not going to be some sort of low key entry into the market because we’ve got 7977 plus 5885, a year down the road. If you look at today’s results, I think in all genotypes we are a step improvement certainly significant improvement in the GT-1 and GT-2 patients and that’s the majority of patients in the U.S. So we will be high-gear and we will have a significant high-energy launch behind all three genotypes subject to getting everything that we would like into a label from the FDA. So we are going to somehow low key genotype 1 launch and if you like to heighten GT-2 launch, we’ll be putting a common emphasis on all three genotypes. Ravi Malhotra – Credit Suisse Securities:  Thank you. 
Kevin Young: Hey, Joel, it’s Kevin. Basically to seem and if you look at the slide 33, which is kind of Eviplera is a contrast that do seem that as we go into the market with these single tablets, some thing about a third of the patient seem to be coming from Naïve, which is our label and that’s what we promote on. But physicians do make switches within HIV and looking to kind of a upgrade or when they have the resistance or they want to improve the side effect profile for patients, we’ll make a switch. That’s not what we’re promoting, but that seems to happen. We’ll just have to see how we progress with Stribild. I think what is the most encouraging part of slide 32 is saying that physicians have seen the struggles in alternative to that protease inhibitor. And if you just look at the Naïve market shares, you can see how there is a drop off in Prezista, drop off in Reyataz, with the entry of Complera and with Stribild. But I think Stribild is seen for those doctors who have not been great fans of efavirenz as seen as a – both starting as an alternative drug where they have not been particular advocates of Atripla, R&D, Complera as NNITI food agents try to getting Stribild.Joel D. Sendek – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, thank you.
