Andrew Dickinson: Thank you Merdad. And good afternoon, everyone. Moving to Slide 24, as you've heard from Johanna, our financial performance in the Third Quarter overall was strong, with total product sales up 13% year-over-year, driven by Veklury's continued role in the pandemic.  Year-over-year, total product sales excluding Veklury, fell 3% due to Truvada in a triple sales following their loss of exclusivity late last year, offset in part by the continued demand for Biktarvy and contributions from our new medicines such as Trodelvy. Sequentially, total product sales excluding Veklury were up 2%, highlighting the ongoing pandemic recovery in HIV treatment and PrEP. This was partially offset by HCV where new starts in both the U.S. and Europe continued to be impacted by the pandemic.  Turning to the rest of the P&L, non-GAAP product gross margin was 90%, 350 basis points higher year-over-year, reflecting the reversal of a previously recorded $175 million litigation reserve, as well as lower royalty expense and a change in product mix. Non-GAAP R&D was $1.1 billion down 4% year-over-year, reflecting lower remdesivir and inflammation-related expenses, offset in part by increased clinical investment in Trodelvy and Magrolimab.  Non-GAAP SG&A was $1.2 billion up 8% year-over-year, driven by increased promotional and marketing activities across all of our geographies primarily for Trodelvy. On tax, we realized a higher effective tax rate of 18.9% for the third quarter, we're up 50 basis points year-over-year, primarily due to a prior-year net discrete tax benefit.  Overall, our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $2.65 for the quarter compared to $2.11 for the same period last year. The year-over-year increase primarily reflects higher Veklury sales and product gross margin offset by a higher SG&A lower interest income and higher effective tax rate. On Slide 25, you can see that Veklury has already exceeded our prior guidance for the year with total revenues of 4.2 billion in the first nine months.  As a result, and with modestly updated expectations for the rest of our business, we are increasing our revenue and earnings per share guidance for the full-year by 6% and 13% at the mid-point respectively, as shown on Slide 26. After the wave of infections and hospitalizations in recent months, we believe we have moved past the peak of the pandemic for the year. We continue to expect that Veklury will play an important role in the treatment of patients with COVID -19 globally.  However, assuming we do not experience another surge, we expect Veklury revenue to step down significantly in the fourth quarter. As a result, we are raising our full-year total product sales in the range of 26 billion to 26.3 billion compared to our previous range of 24.4 billion to 25 billion reflecting results year-to-date in Veklury performance. We now expect full-year Veklury revenues to be in the range of 4.5 billion to 4.8 billion, up from our prior outlook of 2.7 billion to 3.1 billion.  We continue to expect that sales of Veklury will track COVID -19 related hospitalizations. We now expect full-year total product sales excluding Veklury to be approximately 21.5 billion compared to the prior range of 21.7 billion to 21.9 billion, reflecting our performance year-to-date in continued pandemic related impact. As for the rest of our P&L, we expect our non-GAAP product gross margin to be approximately 87% compared to 86% to 87% previously, primarily reflecting the strong gross margin in the third quarter.  For non-GAAP operating expenses, we now expect R&D to decline mid-single-digit percentage compared to 2020 levels, as compared to our prior expectations of low to mid-single-digit percentage decline. We expect SG&A to be flat on a dollar basis compared to 2020 versus prior expectations of flat to low single-digit percentage decline. On our non-GAAP effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 21% this year.  Finally, with the updates to our revenue product gross margin and operating expenses, we now expect our non-GAAP diluted EPS to be between $7.90 and $8.10 for the full year. And GAAP diluted EPS to be between $5.50 and $5.70. On capital allocation, our priorities have not changed. We continue to invest in our business and at the same time, we've returned over $1 billion in the third quarter and $3.2 billion year-to-date to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases.  We have also repaid $3.75 billion in debt this year. And earlier today, we notified our 3 non-call 1-bondholders that we would exercise our ability to repay $1 billion of the notes early. Taken together, we now expect to pay down $4.75 billion of debt this year, significantly exceeding our prior guidance to pay down at least $4 billion. With that, I'll invite the Operator to begin the Q&A.
Andrew Dickinson: And I would just add, Brian, I think it's fair to say that obviously we continue to work on oral versions of remdesivir. We have said before in the past, and to your point -- from a scientific standpoint, the opportunity to look at combination therapy and oral medicines for COVID to also anticipate future viral resistance. So those are all themes and then to Merdad, of course, the updating you as those medicines continue to move forward.
Andrew Dickinson: Jac, it's probably -- Andy, it's also probably worth highlighting again, the difference in the PrEP market and the treatment market. They just joined a touch base on the treatment market that's exactly right. Remember that a lot of the growth that you're referring to a couple of years ago was driven by the incredibly strong PrEP market as well.  We think you will see that again, it's just going to take the introduction of Lenacapavir in a couple of years to get there. So, the dynamic in the treatment market, I think is relatively constant with what we've seen historically, it's just we're building off a bigger base as Johanna said. And the market will continue to grow and then you should see the PrEP dynamic coming back in and a couple of years in terms of driving additional growth.
Andrew Dickinson: And as we said before, what we're looking for is clear separation of the doublet from single agent and we're looking for an ORR of over 50% in the doublet and hopefully in the triplet as well, that would be upside for us.
Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Robyn, Thanks for the question. And Johanna may want to weigh in as well. Look, I think there are a number of growth drivers. If we just step back, when you think about long-term growth there has been a number of questions. Just to paint the picture again, there are a number of growth drivers that we see driving.  We don't provide specific long-term guidance. What we've said and we'll continue to say is that the HIV business, including the long-acting collaboration that you mentioned, Trodelvy, Magrolimab, Cell Therapy, and a number of the other programs, potentially the Arcus programs are expected to drive our long-term growth.  In the short run, we see a much more promising growth profile than we did historically. We think that we've done a lot to turn the Company around and now the growth profile is improving significantly from our perspective. When you get to '24 or '25, again, we've said we see an expected inflection in our growth profile as a lot of these programs that are currently in the clinic hopefully reach the commercialization, including a number of the Trodelvy programs.  On Trodelvy, specifically, I think we continue to be very bullish on the prospects for Trodelvy overall. Similar to where we were when we did the transaction. So, you'll remember, we highlighted there are a number of ways to win with Trodelvy when we acquired Immunomedics. The hormone-receptor positive study was just one of those studies. Obviously, we're excited about the work that we're doing in lung cancer and other areas. So, there's a much broader clinical development plan for Trodelvy then the market probably fully appreciates today.  The announcement with Merck earlier today is a good example of that. That will give you a sense of where we're going and we expect to give you a much greater sense of that overall. So, I think at a macro level before I ask Johanna to comment, I'd say our expectations for Trodelvy have not changed. We continue to be very enthusiastic about where we are and where we're going and there's lots of different ways for us to get there over time.
Andrew Dickinson: Yes. Hi Ronny. it's Andy. Thank you for the question. It's relatively straightforward, this is a straightforward, simple clinical collaboration Merck is providing Trodelvy. They obviously had input on the study design KEYTRUDA. I'm sorry, KEYTRUDA. To be studied, thank you.  They do not have any economics on Trodelvy as a result of the study, but they will enjoy hopefully they've added benefits to KEYTRUDA on their end. And these studies are not exclusive. They have the ability to do other studies in the same area with other agents, including other TROP-2 antibodies. And we have the ability to do studies with other PD-1 inhibitors as well. And of course, we started in triple-negative breast cancer.  You're highlighting that there's another study that they will do with another TROP-2 inhibitor in lung cancer. That of course is an area that we're going to look at as well. So, I expect that there's more to come, but these are relatively straightforward, simple, plain vanilla clinical collaborations.
Merdad Parsey: Hi, Matthew. Sure. Happy to. Look, I think as you know, event-driven trials are inherently variable in terms of when the events occur and importantly, when those events come into the database. We had initially thought we would hit the mark this year, but as time has gone by, our best projections right now are that we'll hit that mark next year. And as we said, I think we will be able to share those results probably mid-January to mid-February time frame. That's how we're tracking to the events at this point.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, Tyler, thanks. I do think the consensus that folks have seen we would've agreed d that 2 months is that threshold for clinically meaningful. I think if we were to fall short of that, which is a difficult place to speculate and not our expectations.  But if that were to happen, we would look at the totality of the data. We'd want ed to look and see if there's other areas where we could provide benefit to patients, and we look at the totality of the data before deciding what we would do.
Merdad Parsey: And Johanna the -- maybe also the color on the [Indiscernible] the current market share of patient for patients in the hospital.
Merdad Parsey: No, no. Thank you. No, I agree with Dan. I think it's incredibly difficult to predict outside of -- I think what we're all starting to believe is it'll be a combination of vaccines, therapeutics of various types, or course, anticipating changes in the virus over time, we'll have to keep an eye on it and see how it goes. Importantly, to date none of the variance have shown any resistance to [Indiscernible].  We think that's a positive outcome so far. We haven't disclosed yet what the oral compounds are going to be. They're -- we are moving them forward as quickly as possible and we'll share those data as those molecules begin to mature. But our hope is that they certainly provide an alternative treatment option, in particular, in the outpatient setting with Veklury remaining really a stalwart in the hospitalized and, potentially, the outpatient IV setting.
Merdad Parsey: Sure, Michael. Happy to. Look, I think as you recall, one of the reasons we modified the stage, it's important you go back to the early part of the year, when we modified this trial. We expanded the sample size and we changed the endpoint. And I think the main purpose behind modifying the sample size was to make sure that we could hit OS with the assumptions that we had in the trial.  So, I think if we hit PFS, we feel reasonably confident with all the caveats that you said right around crossover and things like that that are difficult to control, that we should be able to hit OS. So, I think that's important. And I think that really gets to the other underlying issue around this delay as we moved from investigator to central overrides of the progression events, those are the things that led to the slight delay here that we're talking about. But I think that all means we'll have a stronger outcome when the data are available.
Merdad Parsey: Yeah. Sure. Thanks Corey. We do anticipate that the data move will mature, I think is what we've been thinking. And I think that's a combination of things. More patients per arm, as well as longer observation time for the patients that are enrolled in the study. We remain really interested in that and enthusiastic about that study.  And as I said, I think we feel that it's likely that we'll be able to make our opt-in decision this year. So, we continue to believe that that's where we're headed with those data. In total, I think we do expect to see a larger, more robust dataset to decide on.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's an interesting statement to make. We obviously don't believe that. That's why we're pursuing the combination approach that we are. So, I think the data will tell the story in the long run. We're pretty confident that we can get there with the combination approach that we're taking right now.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks. Great question. Our -- we're looking at the totality of the data we have. It's not just the TROPiCS-03 data, we're looking at the totality of the data in line that we have accumulated, and that's really the approach we're taking. So, I take your point, and it's arguably not that bigger risk given the data we've seen.  We -- I would not expect for us to be sharing those data around the time of the tropics, too, but we do -- we will plan on sharing those data over time. So, we'll definitely share those data over time, but for now, we're pretty excited by it what we've seen in terms of the Trodelvy performance in [Indiscernible]
Johanna Mercier: Sure. Umer, I think what -- so the $9 million that Dan referred to earlier is really a mix over the year, right? So that's a little bit different than what you're referring to. The $1.5 billion you asked, most of the sales actually of the total $1.9 billion, obviously coming out of the U.S. and the patient population.  So, I can't track your math per se, but what I would say is that the U.S. patient population, was the greatest, and if you just do the math on about a five-day therapy on average price for Ramdesivir that you would get to less than near 750, just doing it off the top of my head. I think it's probably a little bit lower than that and higher in other parts of the world just because of price points.
Johanna Mercier: Yeah, I thought probably a little bit north of the 60% that you're referring to. We've seen -- obviously we're looking at different databases, but we've seen up to close to 66%, 67% of share of Veklury in early days of hospitalization.  Obviously, often used with Demethazone and other inflame products that anti-inflammatory products. But we do see the share increase and we've seen that obviously with the surge in August and September, we saw that take out both from a protocol standpoint as well play out in the usage itself in the U.S. specifically.
Johanna Mercier: Okay. I think what we said in the second quarter was exactly what's playing out today. We have seen a little bit of a recovery in Q2 and we're seeing that recovery continue, actually, and accelerate a little bit into Q3. We're at about 3% growth, we're about 2% in Q2, and we were negative 3 quarters before that. What we're -- the -- what we're assuming at this point is, actually, we're going to get back from a market standpoint back to where we were prior to COVID.  We're just starting from a much lower base, so it's going to take a little bit of time. I think the assumption is that as we get to 2022, you will see that play out, assuming no other major surges come through. That's from a market standpoint, which, obviously, will help from a product standpoint. When you think about Biktarvy and you think of our growth year-on-year at about 20%, and then of course, double-digit growth on a quarterly basis as well.  We have different dynamics going on. Obviously, demand is still strong, so we're quite pleased with that. We grew about 1.5% share over the last quarter, over 6% in a full year. So, we're on a much larger base because we are our market leader. But we've also had some different pricing dynamics as well going on that are related to obviously the mix that we're looking at.  So that's something that has impacted directly by the pandemic. As you think about your government versus commercial mix, and we've seen PHS channels specifically grow a little bit more rapidly than any other segment over the last couple of quarters. So those are the dynamics that we're dealing with. But if you look at the basic demand, very strong in double-digit growth.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. Let me start Geoff with that HBV and then I'll move onto HIV. So, at an HBV standpoint where we talked about being about 8% under year-over-year. A lot of that has to do with timing and pricing adjustments. So, it's not patient per se. We are actually flat pretty much year-over-year, about 2% positive.  What we did see though is market starts declined in Q3 and that's directly related to the pandemic, because less screening diagnosis, they were down again in Q3. And so, we believe that it will pick back up. I wouldn't go so much to say that it will be an increase. But I would say that we should be able to hold flat because you typically see HDV patient starts decline over time just because there's less patients that need the cure, but not as quickly as what we're seeing in the quarter.  So, we do think that will pick back up. It's -- so we would assume a little bit more tempered decline in 2022. The HIV piece of the puzzle, we still are seeing screenings and diagnosis less than pre - COVID -19. So, we're seeing about screenings 10% down versus 2019. And diagnosis, there's still 20% below 2019 levels. So as much as we're seeing recovery quarter-over-quarter, and we're excited about that, because that's in line with what we had assumed, we're still not back to the levels that we're needs to be.  And so I would say that you are now growing from a lower base and it's what we talked about in the last quarter where the assumption was it would come right back, but the dynamic market in HIV is very small and it's going to take a little bit longer, and therefore, we're just growing from a lower base and we do believe we'll get back to typical levels of a couple of single-digit growth from a market standpoint in 2022, is just going to take us a couple of quarters to get there. Hopefully that helps a little bit to give your perspective.
Johanna Mercier: Yeah. No, I -- thanks, Andy. I would just add, I think we are pleased with where we're going with Trodelvy today in the short-term. We still believe that there's a lot of growth opportunities specifically in the earlier lines setting betting both across triple-negative breast cancer, as well as bladder cancer.  And so, we're seeing those opportunities play out. I think the guidelines are going to help us set up for success, let alone setup for future pipeline studies such as HR -positive coming through, hopefully. in a positive way as you mentioned, and that should just [Indiscernible] expand our market opportunity even more so.  The only thing I would add to what Andy was saying is also on the HIV front, we are not looking just at the oncology opportunities, but also from an HIV standpoint, we still believe that TAR - VIR is foundational to our HIV opportunities. In addition to of course, Lenacapavir that Merdad spoke too earlier. So, we're excited about what we have going on there as well.
Daniel O’day: Thanks, Brian. I think we've all been a little bit shy about predicting how the [Indiscernible] will continue to evolve because, I think, we've proven to be not always right on that. I'm going to let Merdad comment and I'll sort of the other team members have anything to comment. What I will say is back to the previous cash cushion from Umer is that there's no doubt that we see a direct connection correlation between Ramdev's use and outbreak. So that continues.  And as Johanna says we continue to get the market share, and there's also no doubt, Brian, to your point that the although injectable Ramdesivir continues to play a really important role around the world for hospitalized patients, and now the data, obviously we have in the outpatient setting. We're not satisfied yet, and we want to continue to put our science to work, and maybe Merdad, if you want to have any forecast on the future of pandemic to endemic, you're welcome to.
Daniel O’day: And maybe just the risk because I know there's been several questions on O2 just to complement what Merdad had said. When we think about trials in the oncology space for all of us have a lot of experience, but it's certainly not uncommon when you think about event-driven trials to have to have the slight adjustments of timelines. And I would just point out that initially we anticipated that we would have this data and to Merdad's point with all the protocol adjustments that we did in the middle of the year in December of this year.  And now we're talking about those data coming in mid-January to mid-February. So, the timeline changes are really very minor. And in terms of the trial conduct and design, nothing has changed in regards to our confidence for TROPiCS-02. So, I just wanted to make sure I also had a chance to say that. Thanks, Mike.
Daniel O’day: And its part of our strategy, right Ronny, to scale the opportunity with Trodelvy because there's many things we can do ourselves. But frankly, given the multi - tumor opportunity for Trodelvy, engaging in partnerships like this allows us to expand much more than we could ourselves. And I think it's the beginning of what you'll see from as we look to really expand the promise and potential of Trodelvy.
