Daniel O'Day: I'm obviously going to turn that over to Johanna. I'd just point out that we continue to do really well in our share and certainly Biktarvy growth and are well positioned as the market rebounds. And with that, I'll turn it over to Johanna for some specifics.
Daniel O'Day: Gavin, obviously, just from a patient perspective, we had been and will continue to be dedicated to helping patients, particularly in underserved communities, get back into the care system. I think that's something that Gilead prides itself on. And that's exceptionally important as a leader in HIV medicines to make sure we are always on the side of the patients as we emerge from this pandemic. 
Daniel O'Day: I'll start a little bit and then ask Merdad and Andy, if he wants to add any as well. First and foremost, I think we believe deeply in partnerships. We have a robust internal portfolio. And we also, as you know, have designed these opt-ins as a way to expand our portfolio in different therapeutic areas. Starting with Galapagos, as you know, which is predominantly focused on inflammation, at this stage, we don't have any opt in milestones right now with Galapagos. We're working closely with them on their science and their discovery platform, and some of their preclinical to clinical molecules to support them in their efforts. But at this stage, we don't have anything more to report other than what Galapagos has reported on the – for instance, Geoff, to your question on the Toledo program. But rest assured that as those programs evolve and mature and develop, we'll keep you informed.  Perhaps, Merdad, if you want to say anything else on Galapagos and then bridge to Arcus.
Daniel O'Day: Geoff, just kind of round out your question, there's obviously many other partnerships we have that we're working closely with at different phases. But those are the specific ones you asked about. 
Daniel O'Day: I'll start and then Merdad will either correct me or add information to it. Just to emphasize the importance of Gilad's legacy in antivirals, and frankly, our strength in that to us as well. So, being, of course, the first company to have – and the only company to have an approved antiviral for COVID is no accident. Obviously, it's decades of experience, decades of investments in a variety of emerging viruses, including COVID. And we haven't stopped. So, to your point, Geoff, I think we're all learning about this pandemic as it rolls out. And it's certainly going through different phases and we think will continue to go through different phases. And therefore, we are, if you like, kind of doubling down on an ability to think about antivirals outside the hospital setting where remdesivir plays such an important role.  And maybe with that, I'll hand it over to Merdad, as a clinician, how you might also see the future of the pandemic and then also our role in it. 
Daniel O'Day: Geoff, what I might add is that our preclinical folks continue to study remdesivir against a variety of variants. In fact, all four major variants of concern. So, the Alpha from UK, the Beta from South Africa, the Gamma from Brazil and the Delta from India, and all are fully sensitive against – or remdesivir is sensitive against all of those strains, which would make sense because we're not seeing any mutations in the polymerase remdesivir binding site. And so, I think it's important as we think about next generation products to also think about medicines that will be effective against these ongoing variants, like remdesivir. So, it's an important bar for us as we move forward. 
Daniel O'Day: I would just add, Umer, look, many of us know Bill. You know him as well. Our relationship with Arcus is extremely important and continues to be, and this was an example of Bill seeing a career opportunity and seeing an evolution for his career that made sense for him. We certainly want to make sure that Arcus continues to have the skill set that it needs to be successful, we have the skill set that we need to be successful. I think it's just a good example of how partners collaborate at times. So, I just wanted to emphasize our relationship with Arcus is unchanged and as strong as ever. 
Johanna Mercier: I think from a market dynamics standpoint, what we're seeing is we saw a little bit last year in Q2, most of the industry was actually slowing down pretty quickly in Q2. HIV took a little bit longer. And it's kind of that playing out in 2021 is taking a little bit longer to come back and bounce back.  One of the major reasons for that has to do with your dynamic market being much smaller in this market. You have a very large pool of patients that are just continuing patients. And you're really playing in a dynamic market with your naïve patients coming in and your switches and your restarts really around 5% or so. And so, that's why it's taking a little bit longer as we're going through this.  From a different standpoint between US and Europe, I think it has more to do with the fact that in Europe, there's diversity across some of the different countries as to the pandemics and the timing of kind of the recoveries or even some of the surges that happen. So, it's a little bit more blended than what we've seen in the US thus far. And so, I think that's just what's playing out here. Obviously, the bigger impact being in the US because that's where most of our business lies in HIV.  And just to close out on that – that's from a market standpoint, and it's very different than kind of the fundamentals of our HIV business. I think what we've seen with Biktarvy, we're really quite pleased with in light of the fact that not only it's grown quarter-over-quarter by 1 point both in the US as well as the EU5, but also if you think about it over the last 12 months, it's grown 6 point share over a very strong base. We're just under 40%. We're at 39% share at this point in time. So, we're very pleased with the continued growth of Biktarvy. And you can appreciate that because it's such a larger base that's going to get more challenging as we move forward. And that's why I think we're excited about the market coming back a little bit. We've seen it come back in Q2. Where the market goes, obviously, our HIV business goes because we own 75% of the market. And so, therefore, we're watching that very closely, but we would expect that recovery to continue, although at a slower pace than we had originally expected.
Johanna Mercier: Yeah. So, we've been looking, of course, at the HIV screening and the diagnosis and how that's playing out. And we're still under by about 13% to below pre-COVID levels. So, I think once those come back up, I think that would be something that we're watching very closely. And also, the drop off rates, we talked a little bit earlier about the adherence piece of the puzzle because you have less patient support groups around, you have less surround sound around those HIV patients, you have a lot of those case managers and physicians that have moved over to treat COVID-19 and so far impacting HIV a little bit disproportionately. And so, we're also looking at those drop-offs. And we've seen those drop-offs come back to normal to pre-COVID levels just most recently. And so that's another positive sign to the recovery of the market.
Johanna Mercier: Ronny, I'm assuming you're talking about the patient assistance program changes. So, I want to differentiate that. Those aren't 340B changes. That's actually a program that's really in line with our commitment to help end the HIV epidemic. To date, the program's actually provided free drug to more than 250,000 individuals. And really, that's what it is, it's a free program that was always intended and will continue to provide free Gilead medication to eligible individuals to treat and prevent HIV. Unfortunately, it was not intended to be a source of funding for organizations to deliver services. And that's what we're trying to reset a little bit. So, the changes to our program model will protect our ability to be able to do this in the longer term and make it a sustainable program for us, and more importantly, for patients. So, that's the patient assistance program on that front.  The question you're asking me about PrEP, we're actually quite encouraged with the FAQ that came out from the US PSTF. And here's why. In the FAQ, they provide a lot more clarity than they had in the past. This isn't new. The recommendation actually came out –the Affordable Care Act recommendation came out two years ago. But what this provided was actually more details to it and clarity on the importance of PrEP in ending the epidemic and minimizing the barriers of use.  And there's a couple of things in the FAQ that pop out for me. One is, it truly supports physician and patient choice. And that's the piece where generics or non-generics – right? So, Truvada generics or Descovy would then need to be really – the physicians and the patients get to decide together what is the right medicine for which patient. And of course, with the bone and renal safety benefits that Descovy brings, I think this is a great addition to the FAQ.  In addition to that, there's also some guidance around timely management of the request for this by payers. So, to turn it around within 24 hours, which is quite different than what's happening today.  And then, the last piece is $0 of out of pocket costs. So, I think for patients, this is great news. And I also think for patient choice and physician choice, this is quite promising as well.
Merdad Parsey: With TROPiCS‐03, it's a basket study. So, the Ns per arm are not hard and fast. We'll probably be looking at data once we get to the 20, 30 range in there, but it's not predetermined. So, I wouldn't want to overstate it. Regarding ILD, we are definitely very sensitive to and watching for it, as you can imagine. To date, we haven't had any reports of that, but we're ever vigilant. 
Merdad Parsey: It's a very good question. I think if you think about the patients in that trial, these are highly treatment experienced patients who often develop resistance because of non-compliance. And when these subjects are getting a subcu injection of lenacapavir, remember that these patients are going to potentially continue to go off and on their oral regimens.  As we think about the future, as you know, we are for treatment going outside of the highly treatment experienced population. We're really thinking about how we're going to combine lenacapavir with other long acting agents like islatravir. And as we do so, I think the concerns about patients potentially having effective monotherapy with lenacapavir go away in some regards, right? Ensuring that patients are taking multiple agents at the same time is going to be really important for us.
Merdad Parsey: I think the stories are similar. We like to keep you apprised of what could potentially come into our portfolio, and we have the opt-in rights for Arcus. I think Dan laid out Galapagos well. For Arcus, we continue to wait for data to mature. And once the data get to a level of maturity where we can really make the call, that's when we'll have our opt in. We have not included – and Andy will confirm for me, but we have not included the financials of potential opt-in in our guidance at this point. 
Merdad Parsey: I think we have been pretty been pretty consistently of the mindset that the vaccines will make a tremendous impact in the case numbers and those sorts of things. Even when we get to some sort of equilibrium, unfortunately, there will continue to be, we believe, infections. People will continue to get infected, and some proportion of those patients will end up in the hospital.  So, we do believe that Veklury in the hospitalized setting is going to continue to be really important for treating those patients. And as Dan alluded to, we continue to believe and are committed to making treatments available in the outpatient setting. So, the inhaled, nebulized approach didn't give us the results we were hoping for, the consistency we were looking for. But because we have other agents in our pipeline based on our virology expertise, we will be bringing those forward and really focusing on the outpatient setting there. So, we continue to believe that having a treatment available for people, whether they're vaccinated or not, is going to be important for the foreseeable future.
Merdad Parsey: We have not done the interim PFS analysis. As we've talked about, that'll happen certainly before the end of the year, we hope. And that's still what we're tracking to, but we have not done the analysis yet. So, we remain blinded to those data.  And then, in terms of Bill, I think I wouldn't necessarily tie it as you're suggesting to Arcus. It's certainly an advantage for us that, should we opt-in to Arcus programs, Bill will bring familiarity. But for us, Bill's experience and leadership and his excitement about being here and overseeing the overall portfolio were the drivers for Bill coming onboard.
Merdad Parsey: On the TROPiCS‐02 study, we have not done a futility analysis. We continue to look to those data maturing and getting the number of events that we need for the PFS analysis that we have planned. We're pretty confident in our powering and, in particular, since we expanded the sample size to make sure that we are able to hit the PFS endpoint. Of course, a relevant issue is more the duration of PFS that we get, but from a powering standpoint, we're comfortable. And it's just a matter of seeing those data.  From an ongoing event standpoint, I think we are where we thought we would be at this point. And it's really around just letting the events come in, make sure they get adjudicated, we clean the data in time to do the analysis properly. So, that's where we are with that.  And then, in terms of the lung data on efficacy, as I think we've said before, we're really proceeding somewhat at risk and pretty aggressively, partly based on our belief in the drug, partly because of what we've seen with other agents in lung and partly based on our early data that you're familiar with in lung that we've seen. Of course, we want to make those data more robust while we go into the Phase III world. So, we are going to augment our existing data to make sure that we're mitigating our risks somewhat. But thus far, I think what we are hoping for is efficacy that certainly is comparable to what the benchmark might be, even though I think it's too early to say what that benchmark is with a direct competitor. But we are, again, I think confident about our ability to bring safety profile that hopefully will be better for patients. 
Merdad Parsey: I think we have the luxury of being able to look at the singlet, a doublet and a triple here. We would be, of course, excited if the triplet differentiates from the doublet and provides better efficacy. I think that's what we'd be looking for. And so, as the data mature, looking for some signals, a reason to believe that the triplet is performing more robustly than the doublet is probably going to be our focus. We'd be very excited if that plays out and gives us, I think, a pretty unique position. 
