Daniel O'Day: Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everybody. We appreciate you taking the time with Gilead today, and I also want to thank those of you who joined our virology and oncology deep dives over the last few months. These 2 events provided a more in-depth view of our portfolio, our strategy and the teams behind them. We shared a much broader view of our growing clinical pipeline than we had in the past, highlighting its potential to deliver a number of new therapies to address unmet needs for patients across a diverse range of conditions.  For those of you who joined, I hope you got a deeper sense of why we're confident of sustaining our leadership in virology and growing our oncology revenue so that it becomes more than 1/3 of our total revenue in 2030.  I'll turn now to our performance this quarter, and I'm pleased to share that the year is off to a strong start in line with guidance, as shown on Slide 4. Total product revenue was up 3% from last year to USD 6.5 billion, with cell therapy, Veklury, Trodelvy and HIV driving growth. HIV grew 2% year-over-year, primarily driven by Biktarvy, which grew 18%, and reported more than 4% market share growth compared to the first quarter of 2021. This is notable given the impact of our Truvada LOE.  Sequentially, HIV was down 18%, primarily as a result of first quarter seasonality. Our growing oncology portfolio performed well, with Trodelvy revenue doubling compared to the first quarter of 2021 and cell therapy delivering another strong quarter of growth.  We recently expanded our portfolio of marketed cancer therapies following the FDA approval of Yescarta for second-line relapsed and refractory LBCL. I'm also pleased to highlight the FDA approval of our new cell therapy facility in Maryland, which is part of the expected 50% increase in our manufacturing capacity by the end of 2022. The new facility will support our cell therapy growth expectations over the next several years.  Moving to the pipeline. We shared the Phase III top line readout from TROPiCS-02 in March showing that the study met its primary endpoint with a statistically significant improvement in progression-free survival versus physician's choice in chemotherapy. Additionally, the first interim analysis of the key secondary endpoint of overall survival demonstrated a trend in improvement.  As you know, we are exploring potential pathways for approval with regulatory authorities to bring Trodelvy to these later-stage patients. The details of the study results will be shared at ASCO in June.  At the oncology deep dive earlier this month, we highlighted the broad potential for Trodelvy across multiple tumor types and lines of therapy, with plans to initiate 13 more Trodelvy trials through 2023, including 4 more in 2022.  Turning to Slide 5. As you know, the timing for TROPiCS-02 and the NDA decision for CAPELLA are subject to change. In the case of CAPELLA, this is due to the biocompatibility issue that we're working to resolve, and we're fully confident in lenacapavir itself. Other than that, we are on track with the remaining targeted milestones we shared with you in January.  We've added some of the newly disclosed trials from our oncology deep dive as well on this slide. Additionally, we're pleased to note that the partial clinical hold for the pivotal magrolimab trials, including ENHANCE free for first-line unfit AML shown on the slide have been lifted. I'm also pleased to share that despite the hold, there's no change to the timing of the first interim readout for ENHANCE for first-line high-risk MDS, which we expect in the first half of 2023. Merdad will share more pipeline details later in the call.  Before I pass it over to Johanna, I just want to take a moment to thank the Gilead and Kite teams who are putting the full weight of their expertise, passion and commitment behind all of this work that you're seeing. It's thanks to our 14,000 employees across the world that we’re delivering for patients with diverse conditions and diseases today and advancing a pipeline of innovative new therapies for the future. We have some gold ambitions for the coming years, and we're confident in achieving them given the level of innovation and capabilities that we have in place today.  Now I'll invite Johanna to share an update on our first quarter commercial performance. Over to you, Johanna.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Michael. I'll turn it over to Merdad in just a second, but I'll just remind folks that we will be discussing the data more at ASCO coming up there in early June. We look forward to engaging with regulatory authorities in the coming months to further discuss the data and the path forward. I'll see if Merdad has anything to add on that at this stage, but...
Daniel O'Day: Right. And we continue to look at earlier lines of therapy and plan those trials to move up in lines of therapy given the results we saw in TROPiCS-02 as well and hormone receptor-positive. So thanks a lot, Michael, for that.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks, Geoff. Appreciate it. I'm going to turn it over to Merdad in a second here. But just remind -- for those of you that didn't have the chance to look at the virology deep dive day, we really did spend a lot of time in the entirety of the portfolio and the many shots on goal we have along with lenacapavir. Lenacapavir is a truly unique molecule and presents opportunities and challenges to find exactly the right partner. But we certainly have many that will be progressing to the clinic. But Merdad, maybe you want to give a little more meat to the...
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks, Do. We're delighted to have Christi here with us. So we'll hear it from the source here. Over to you, Christi.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Robyn, and I'll start and then maybe Andy can add. But I appreciate you bringing that up. I think it's been a really purposeful strategic approach that we've taken over the past -- last 3 years to build our oncology portfolio beyond cell therapy, which is obviously now has a history with us for almost 5 years. And I'd just remind the folks on the phone that in addition to whatever is acquired at the time of the acquisition in terms of trials and potential and capability of that size organization, naturally, when a large organization acquires particularly these pan-tumor potential molecules, you begin really the process of extending the potential for that medicine alone in late lines, earlier lines and in combinations and thoughtful combinations.  I think actually, Kite is a terrific example of that, going back now 5 years post the acquisition, and I appreciate, Robyn, that you started out with congratulations on Yescarta. But to see the potential for a technology like cell therapy and the leadership that Kite took by bringing this up into earlier lines of therapy and the number of patients, of course, then that you can impact on with a potentially curative therapy is exactly kind of the playbook that we will be -- we are pursuing right now with Trodelvy, with magrolimab, and obviously, with the combination of Arcus assets, which -- albeit a bit earlier in the process. So I think we always have to remember the time frame and which one evaluates the success of M&A.  The other thing I would just say is that, of course, we constantly are looking to complement that. I mean the bar is much higher now for Gilead than it was several years ago because the number of possibilities and opportunities we have and the bandwidth that any one company can do, but you see on the bandwidth side, we're also doing a lot of collaborations with other companies, including folks like Merck who are operationalizing, in fact, a study of ours with Trodelvy. So there's different ways, I think, to work on the bandwidth. But we will constantly be looking at different types of opportunities out there that complement our virology, our oncology and our early inflammation program to add those to the growth story that we are creating here at Gilead.  I'll just -- I know Andy spends a lot of time thinking about this. I'd love Andy's additional thoughts on this as well.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Andy. And the last thing I'd say in addition to the molecules and the medicines, the expertise that we're bringing into Gilead is second to none. And hopefully, you saw some of that. And it's just really the -- some representation of that at both virology and oncology deep dive days because that's really critical in any company that we've all -- as the leadership team worked in is really getting the right teams together at the right time to make sure we're making the right choices and decisions on the portfolios as we move forward. So that's a really big focus for us, and we're really pleased with the progress we're making there.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Umer, I'll start, and then I'll hand it over to Merdad. So first of all, I mean, just to reinforce this message for everybody on the phone, I mean, we are absolutely moving with tremendous focus and speed. And of course, we have great lessons within our organization. Remdesivir was arguably the fastest development of an antiviral that's ever occurred from standing still essentially to an approval in the United States. So -- and as you know, we've got a lot of experience from that in terms of working both property groups around accelerating trials, with the FDA around pursuing unique regulatory path. And those learnings and those lessons I just want to say are certainly being put to use now for 5 2 4 5.  Having said that, we're, of course, at a very different stage of the pandemic at this stage. And therefore, both from a regulatory perspective and also our ability to recruit clinical trials, particularly with a somewhat raining pandemic in the developed world, has implications on the path we'll take.  And with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Merdad on any other details he wants to add.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks a lot, Andy. I mean, Evan, I think the bottom line is that, again, we took a somewhat conservative approach in the absence of having regulatory discussions so far. We thought it was a prudent thing to do. And to Andy's point, I mean, this is an evaluation of value at the time of the transaction, which, of course, several years later in terms of the indications, the combinations, the potential for Trodelvy is never, as you know, reflective in the initial accounting treatment of it. So hopefully, there's plenty of information in there in our press release and more than happy to take it up with you as well. So thanks, Evan, for that.
Daniel O'Day: With that, I just want to thank everybody. I really appreciate the attention today for the couple of deep dives we've had. We look forward to chatting with you at ASCO and beyond to keep you updated on our progress for the year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jacquie for some final comments.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Michael, I think as a normal course of business, we'll always discuss the data -- the totality of the data with the agency prior to a filing and have that conversation with them. As we've said, the primary endpoint was statistically significant. And so we will have that conversation with them looking at all the data and come to a conclusion based on the feedback we get.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Nothing new to report, Brian. It's a great question. We continue to move along really well in our Phase I study that's moving forward expeditiously. And we are working with the agency to design a Phase II/III program and really moving as fast as possible. We've got a great partnership with the agency and others and are really ready to count. So right now, so far, so good.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Yes. I mean maybe I'll start by saying on the PrEP side, we obviously don't need to wait for a partner molecule. And really, at this point, it's about resolving the issues with the clinical hold. Once that gets resolved, we'll be back in business with the trials and we'll move as fast as possible to get the PrEP studies completed and get our filing done.  In treatment, you're absolutely right. And again, I think you're right, we've built the portfolio to provide as numerous options to then combine with lenacapavir for treatment in a long-acting mode. And that's a mix of oral approaches where we could have an oral long-acting molecule or a parenteral long-acting agent. And for parenteral, we're trying to go for longer than 2 months. And for oral, we are looking at, hopefully, getting to weekly or thereabouts. So we have a number of candidates that are progressing to show us -- essentially, you said it right, which is do they have the right properties from a PK/PD standpoint for an oral agent? And do they have the right properties parenterally, including things like injection site reactions and tolerability? So it's less about the ability to inhibit HIV replication. It's more about the molecule and the formulation characteristics that allow us to get to long-acting therapy.  And I'll just say again that lenacapavir is a very unique and special molecule that enables us to do that. Finding another molecule that has those sorts of characteristics is the challenge that we're undertaking.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Yes. On the biomarker side, we continue to evaluate the role of Trop-2 expression in responses. And as we discussed, actually, for the breast cancer study in our experience so far, we are not seeing a big impact of Trop-2 expression on responsiveness. So we'll -- but we'll keep looking because lung cancer may behave differently than what we're seeing. And we do expect expression patterns to be different. So maybe there'll be a different cutoff in a different tumor type. So that remains to be seen.  In terms of synergy, we are -- I think that's the nature of where we're going with the studies. And that in order to see additive benefit, we need to conduct the larger clinical trials. We do think that coming at the tumors with the 2 different approaches, we'll add. I'm always careful about using the term synergy. I think that implies a different mechanistic approach. So I do think we expect additivity of the 2 components. And yes, we do feel that we will have additivity that Trodelvy should bring additional benefit to patients over and above what the immuno-oncology agents, PD-1, PD-L1 inhibitors, bring to the treatment of those patients.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. I mean not much to add other than I think our Phase I study is moving very quickly. It's moving very nicely without any issues. I know, Umer, you've asked about the 505(b)(2) approach in the past. As you can imagine, those are all -- the avenues you've mentioned are all avenues that we've thought about and explored. And so we will move with the fastest pathway available to us, and that's the nature of the discussions we're having with the agency.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Yes. I think our thinking has been that dominolumab as a TIGIT agent will add to the ORR. But to your point, it's not only that, that we would be looking for. And what we would be hoping for in addition to the overall response rate is going to be the depth of the responses and the durability of responses, right? So those are the factors that we'll be looking for. We will also be looking to see what the Roche data looks like when they -- when it comes out at ASCO to see what they've seen is sort of a benchmark, if you will. But those are the various factors we'll be looking for. Obviously, tolerability is going to be in there as well and the overall profile.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Look, I think we obviously are going to be looking across all the data across all the assets. Maybe the way I would say it is that we're seeing the TIGIT/PD-1 combination is likely to be sort of the benchmark or the basis for treatment at least in lung cancer and potentially more broadly. And as such, our hope is to have a great combination there to make sure that we then have something to which we can add other potential agents that could bring us to even better responsiveness. So whether that's adenosine or Trodelvy or something else in our pipeline, I think those are all options for us to consider. But we're seeing -- I would say the floor is being raised is our belief and that TIGIT/PD-1 combination becomes sort of the baseline that we need to aim for.
Merdad Parsey: Well, what I would say is those milestones -- I would agree with the milestones that you've got there. And it's important to remember that those milestones will take time to play out. And we are going to make our bets without being able to look at OS for 30 months, right? We're going to have a less mature data set from which to make that decision. So you're absolutely right that we will be looking at all of those things.  The driver will be to see that, again, tolerability and a benefit as far as the overall response rate is concerned and look for benefits in the depth and duration of response that we can garner from the data set at the maturity that we will have when we look at it. And there, I would just say we'll be, in a sense, watch our actions because you'll be seeing the studies will be getting underway, and that should give you a sense of our confidence in those assets.
Andrew Dickinson: Thanks, Dan. And thank you, Robyn, for the question. Look, I would just go back to start with fundamentally, we have a lot of confidence in where we are in our growth profile today. And I think it's fair to say that the market maybe underappreciates the growth. Even, Robyn, if you look at our first quarter results, especially when you adjust for the impact of LOE and FX, there's really reasonably strong growth in our business. And this is just the beginning from our perspective. So there are always things that we can do to work on our growth profile. But when you look at the strength of the HIV business, what we're seeing in our oncology business, hopefully, that gives you a sense of why we as a management team have so much confidence about not only where we are today, but where we're going. And we recognize, to your question, that the growth profile should get meaningfully better in the next couple of years as the portfolio matures in the way that Dan was describing.  So while we will look at things, including commercial assets, as you know, those are far and few between. Many of them are expensive, and that's not really where our focus is. We really genuinely believe we have everything that we need today to be a leading growth company in the sector, and it's just going to take a little more time. But we're definitely seeing all the right signs that we are looking for as a management team. So you should not expect that we're going to go out chasing commercial assets or large deals. The guidance is very clear. It's ordinary course partnerships, maybe smaller commercial acquisitions. Again, we'll be opportunistic. But that's not where our focus is today. Thank you.
Andrew Dickinson: Evan, it's Andy. Thanks for the question. It's a great question. Look, it's relatively simple. And just to back up, remember, this is an accounting construct that we are required to reassess the value even before we have the discussions with the regulatory authorities. So I just want to back up and reiterate what we said when the data came out. The study was positive. This is strong data. There was a range of outcomes that we expected when we did the deal. This was within the range of outcomes, but it wasn't at the point that we had modeled specifically because we are required to when we put together the intangible indefinite-lived asset schedule after the acquisition. So it's a very simple model, too.  So the key, by the way, is our valuation when we have discussions in the coming months with the FDA could change again, of course. And we'll have to continue to look at the valuation of the assets that are still sitting on the balance sheet, which is the valuation attributed to hormone receptor-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer over the coming years, as you'd expect, consistent with any business combination transaction. But it's relatively simple.  It's your standard probability-weighted discounted cash flow analysis where you look at the probability of approval. We are assuming, Evan -- I think this is the key for you. We took a conservative approach, and we were looking at this and assume that there is not a path forward based on the PFS data and that we need to wait for overall survival, even though we're not certain that that's the case and we will know more in the coming months. So for purposes -- for the accounting treatment, we had to make a call, and that's the call that we made, and that leads to the 2.7.  The other thing I would add is we had Trodelvy-related IP R&D of $14.7 billion at the end of 2021, a little over half of that or $8.8 billion of it related to hormone receptor-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer. The remainder was non-small cell lung cancer. And again, we're already -- in the other indications that are approved, we're already amortizing that. Those are now finite-lived assets. So now we have $6.1 billion relating to the cash flows expected from third line plus -- as well as the earlier line hormone receptor positive breast cancer indication. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color.  And again, I'd reiterate what we said on the call, which is when we did this originally, when we did the acquisition, we highlighted explicitly that we were going to explore other tumor types and combinations that were not part of our deal model. There is no need to build them into the deal model from bottoms up. So when you step back, more importantly, outside of the accounting construct, we continue to believe that there are many, many paths forward to create a lot of value for patients and for our shareholders with this. So I'm happy to take it off-line if it's helpful to give you more color.
Andrew Dickinson: Sure. That's a great question, Mohit. I'm happy to take it. The -- look, it's relatively simple. And that you're absolutely right. And even in April, we've seen a continued deterioration of exchange rates or strengthening of the dollar, which impacts the revenues coming from our European business. So to be clear, the $100 million impact was a year-over-year comparison Q1 to Q1. Johanna and I are watching the budget impact of the exchange rates very carefully. And part of the confidence in maintaining the guidance is that, yes, there are FX headwinds. There are also, for instance -- related to your question, there's also this change in the accounting treatment of in-process R&D, which will lead to additional expenses from upfront payments that weren't previously part of how we reported non-GAAP earnings.  On the flip side, there are parts of our business that are outperforming. Again, you think of the strength of Veklury that we've seen so far. So Johanna and I and the rest of the management team will look at the puts and takes of this in the middle of the year, and we'll provide a more thoughtful update. But I think the key for you is recognizing the couple of things that have changed that could impact negatively our EPS GAAP and non-GAAP EPS. There are also things that will have additional strength we expect over the course of the year that will offset that to some extent. And so we'll give you additional color later in the year, but we're very comfortable maintaining our guidance where we are today. Hopefully, that helps.
