Jacquie Ross: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everyone. Just after market closed today, we issued a press release with earnings results for the first quarter of 2023. The press release, slides and supplemental data are available on the Investors section of our website at gilead.com. The speakers on today's call will be our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Daniel O'Day; our Chief Commercial Officer, Johanna Mercier; our Chief Medical Officer, Merdad Parsey; and our Chief Financial Officer, Andrew Dickinson. Before we get started, let me remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements, including those related to Gilead's business, financial condition, and results of operations, plans and expectations with respect to products, product candidates, corporate strategy, business and operations, financial projections, and the use of capital, and 2023 financial guidance, all of which involve certain assumptions, risks, and uncertainties that are beyond our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from these statements. A description of these risks can be found in the earnings press release and our latest SEC disclosure documents. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Gilead, and Gilead assumes no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help you understand the company's underlying business performance. The GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation is provided in the earnings press release, in our supplementary data sheet, as well as on the Gilead website. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan.
Jacquie Ross: Nadia, may we have our next question, please. And can I remind all our callers to please limit themselves to one question so that we get to as many folks in the queue as possible. Thanks, Nadia.
Jacquie Ross: As we move to our next question just another reminder, please limit yourself to one question. We do have 10 folks still hoping to ask a question on the call, and we'd like to get to as many as possible. So with that Nadia, may we have our next question, please.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Andy. Before we open for Q&A I'll just summarize our prepared remarks by noting that this is another quarter where we demonstrated the continued impact of our transformation. Going-forward, we are committed to building on the track record of strong commercial and clinical execution that we've shown in recent quarters, thanks to the dedication to Gilead and Kite teams, around the world. With this positive momentum, we look-forward to delivering on our portfolio, while maintaining financial discipline. With that, I'll invite the operator to open the Q&A.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks for the questions. So in terms of the competitor Trop-2 data, I think it's a little early for us to be doing comparisons across data we haven't seen yet. We're really comfortable with the data we've already shown and have certainly led to approvals in breast cancer with OS benefit. So, you can see from the uptake of Trodelvy in the breast cancer market that being approved and having those OS data has had an impact for patients and we're very comfortable with where we are. Of course, we'll keep an eye on those emerging data as they become available, and every indication. And then in terms of the long-acting orals, as you know, we have a number of programs in the clinic for our long-acting portfolio, both oral and injectable, and we've moved several of them, including an oral program into the clinic and we'll be sharing those data as they become available. Very excited about that. That portfolio we remain committed to and, really excited about our long-acting portfolio to do -- to leverage [lenacapavir] (ph) profile to go into both oral long-acting as well as parenteral long-acting formulation. So stay-tuned as those data develop, we'll gladly share.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks so much. Brian, Dan O'Day here. I'm going to have Johanna answer the first part of your question and then Merdad the second Thank you.
Daniel O'Day: Yeah, thanks. What we have said and I think what we're planning is, we will have an updated dataset from a more recent cut. So there'll be additional data compared with what was presented, what we talked about last year at the ASCO plenary. And so, there should be more mature data with a larger patient population. And so that should help reinforce our confidence. In terms of the Roche data, I think it's a great question. Look, I think, we believe in our own data, as well as, all the other public data that are out there in terms of TIGIT bringing benefit certainly in terms of response rates and other parameters. Certainly, in our dataset we've seen those PFS benefit. And our expectation is that the Roche data will continue to demonstrate benefit TIGIT -- adding TIGIT to PD-1 inhibitors, so -- PD-L1 inhibitors in their case. So we will be looking forward to seeing those OS data and I think that should help to provide additional confidence to all the TIGIT antibodies out there.
Daniel O'Day: Great, Umer. This is Dan O'Day too. I think -- I appreciate your question on the second one. I'll dovetail on to what Merdad said before about the importance of therapeutic index. But before I do that, let me just articulate the tremendous benefit that CAR-T is providing a large B-cell lymphoma from a pharmaeconomic standpoint. The fact that we now have patients in very late-stage disease, 50% of them surviving up to five years and essentially a flat line survival curve, you can imagine the benefit from both a mortality perspective and cost of the system of the current price point in large B-cell lymphoma. I think any price point in other therapeutic areas would be based upon the clinical benefit that, that brings to those particular patients. Of course, we understand that this wouldn't necessarily be a broad-scale use across all different types of patients. There will be patient segments where the therapeutic index is more important. And for those patients, we would look at the level of benefit that brings, both to the patient and to the health care system and then price it accordingly, of course. So I think it's hypothetical at this stage. But given the benefit that we're seeing in cancer, we would take the same approach to other disease states.
Daniel O'Day: Thank you so much. I just want to thank you all for joining today for your continued interest in Gilead. Look, bottom line is we've had a very strong start to the year building on the momentum from 2022. And we collectively at Gilead and Kite believe we have a very strong and firm foundation for continued growth in 2023. As usual, if we didn't get to your questions or you have additional follow-up questions, please reach out to Jacquie and the IR team, and we'd be more than happy to support you. Thank you very much for joining.
Merdad Parsey: Yeah. And then in terms of the ASCENT-07. Look, as we design and move into earlier lines of therapy in that study, as you know, we're going to be looking at chemo-naive population. And we do anticipate that study getting started in the second half of this year. So things are moving along very nicely, and we are really excited about that program. The final details in terms of design will be rolled out. I think we're crossing the [indiscernible] right now in terms of that final protocol. So you'll see that posted and available in short order.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Geoff. Very complicated question. I'll try to give a very brief answer. Look, I think that leveraging the engineered T-Cells so far in hematology has demonstrated really great efficacy and a reasonable tolerability profile for that patient population. I think it's all about therapeutic index. As you start to go into broader indications where treatment options are different and the disease state is different. I think they are different considerations for therapeutic index. So, as we look into different populations, we're going to keep a very close eye on the appropriate therapeutic index for a given patient, whether you're talking about lupus or anything else outside of oncology related to your question. From our perspective, maybe the broader perspective that I would offer is that, we do believe that modulating the immune system will lead to better outcomes in-patients, whether you're talking about agonizing or antagonizing and in hematologic disorders, we do believe that getting to better and more targeted immune blockade is going to be better for patients. And so, from our perspective there is not only to cell therapy in play and I think that's what we like about our portfolio is that, we have -- we're not modality restricted, and you've seen the deals we've done, we have our BTLA antibody and the rest of our portfolio in inflammation. So we are going to be pursuing the best outcome for patients regardless of modality and certainly, cell therapy will be one of those.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Hartaj. Yes, I think there are several things that we -- give us a lot of confidence in terms of moving forward in non-small cell lung cancer. Certainly, the distribution of Trop-2 has demonstrated broad expression in non-small cell lung cancer, not too dissimilar from breast cancer. And so I think that gives us a lot of incentive to believe that the expression of Trop-2 in those tumors is going to give us efficacy by delivering the payload to those cells. Secondly, we've seen both internal and external data for Trop-2 targeted ADCs that support the value of bringing Trop-2 directed antibody drug conjugate to non-small cell lung cancer. So our approach, which has been broad and we're very excited about it. I think, is going really well is we are, as you know, in EVOKE-01 going into second line non-small cell lung cancer, and that study is going very well. We are then as well looking in front-line lung cancer in our other trials and looking at combinations of PD-1s with Trodelvy in those tumors in non-small cell. And we think that the potential for Trodelvy in those tumors is very high. We believe that we'll start to see those data start to roll out from our second-line studies first, as you would imagine. And then we'll continue to build on that as we go.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Very important that, that breakthrough was not associated with lenacapavir resistance, right? And I think that's really important to keep in mind. Look, BmAbs are relatively new clinical tools to look for, options for people in terms of treating HIV. And it's one of the many approaches we're taking. Our approach has been to move a broader portfolio of small molecules to complement that early foray into long-acting with BmAbs, where we believe that the tried and true mechanisms that we have used, again, both orally or parenterally, should provide us with an opportunity to bring treatment options to people living with HIV that will be associated with low resistance rates and high efficacy. So that's what we're testing out. As we find the ideal partners, and I use the plural intentionally, we will be moving that forward. And so, I would look at those -- the BmAb data as early -- an early first approach to a long-acting treatment for people living with HIV. A - Johanna Mercier And maybe just to cover, Charlie, the second part of your question around the size of the market. So I'm going to split it out. When you think about the market from a treatment standpoint, we do believe that the long-acting market, probably by the end of this decade, will look about 50-50 or so. We think that there are definitely patients out there that are looking for us not to be reminded that they have HIV and an opportunity to think about the next-generation long-acting to really bring to patients what they're looking for. I think that's the kind of the last unmet medical need in this space at this point in time. I also think Biktarvy will continue to be the standard of care in the daily oral market, where there's still a lot of patients that actually do want to take their medicine every single day to make sure that they know that they're taking something to put at bay their HIV. Just to touch on the expansion from a PrEP standpoint, I just wanted -- the prevention market, very different in our view. And some discussions we've had with community partners and people that are at risk of HIV, what we're seeing here is probably the split is different, but the market expansion is also very different. So the split is probably going to go towards 70-30 by the end of this decade is what we assume. That has a lot to do with the fact that these are not patients, these are people at risk, and they don't necessarily want to take a pill a day for something they don't have. And so that makes a lot of sense. So something every six months aligned with physician visits could be an ideal scenario in this setting. And then from an expansion standpoint, as you all know, we've talked about this a lot. If you look at the CDC assumptions around the number of people that are at risk in the U.S., we've only kind of captured about 25% of those folks that are currently under medication. And unfortunately, there's still 75% that are not and that are at risk. And so there's an incredible opportunity, especially with something every six months, to really expand in this marketplace and make sure that we truly work together to end this epidemic. So, very exciting times to come. And within the next two years, hopefully, we'll have lenacapavir as the data reads out and approvals in prevention and then just a bit after that in treatment with different partners that Merdad was mentioning. So very exciting time.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Thanks for the question. So the -- in terms of the interim analysis, it's a good reminder that the study is powered for the final analysis. And so our expectation for any study that has interim analysis is that we run to the final analysis, which I think we've guided to occurring next year. When an interim analysis occurs, we generally will not see the data. Generally, what happens is that the DSMB will tell us to either continue or potentially discontinue. If -- obviously, we discontinue, we'd share that. But if it's just continue, we would continue the trial, and there will be nothing other than that to share because we don't have any data to share since we won't have seen it. So our expectation is that, we run to the end of the trial. It would certainly be upside if we saw something earlier than that. And then I think in terms of the expectations, you're absolutely right. I think everyone has looked at the Takeda data and are wary as to the efficacy of azacitidine in performing in that patient population. And so we're going to have to wait and see what that looks like at the end of the trial. I'm -- I guess, buttressed by the fact that we have -- the DSMB has told us to continue the trial, it gives me a little bit of more confidence that we are going to see a treatment effect. But that's a very indirect assessment. So we're going to have to see. But we are powered for -- we've made some assumptions in terms of how we power the trial. So hopefully, we'll be able to detect the difference between the two.
Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Chris, it's Andy Dickinson. Thanks for the question. That's a great question. Maybe just stepping back, again, highlight and reinforce that we've built a large and diverse portfolio that really positions us for significant growth, both in the short-term as well as in the long-run. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we're really investing and kind of leading into that, we had an accelerated -- significant focused efforts to accelerate some of our clinical development, which is starting to pay dividends. You're also seeing the validation of this approach in our commercial results that Johanna highlighted and the strength across our base business. So to your point, we are now this year, I think we already have 22 Phase 3 trials underway, which is significantly more than we have as a company, historically. It's actually frankly a healthy level, I highlighted in my comments that this year we're targeting kind of low 20's percentage point of revenue for our R&D investment. And that's a reasonably good place to be. We believe it's on line with peers over the long-run, there will be years when we have expenses that are greater than that, and years lower. But over the cycle, I think that's kind of what we're targeting. So -- and then maybe to your question on operating margin, we still have a very healthy operating margin, as you know. Again, there's apples and oranges comparisons with the new IP R&D rules. But we do expect to see our operating margin strengthened again over time, as we get through this bolus of Phase 3 trials that we have underway and that drives growth above and beyond what you've already seen in the last 18 months, which we think is off to a great start. So more to come, it's going to take a little more time to get through it, to your point, but we're in a very good spot from our perspective.
Andrew Dickinson: Yeah. Thanks Johanna. And hey Terrence, nice to talk to you again. On manufacturing, what I would say is, that’s a real area of competitive strength for Kite for us. As you know, we have three approved manufacturing centers globally, two in the United States, one on each coast, and then the one in the Netherlands. All of them are fully operational, we're already moving in our Maryland facility to partial automation of our manufacturing process, which is off to a great start and we just have an outstanding team. So we have not had capacity constraints, either on the manufacturing of the cells or on the viral vectors. So remember, we have both an outsourced and an internal viral vector supply, we made a vector -- our own viral vector on our Oceanside, California biologics facility. So I don't think, Terence, we've shared specifically the capacity of our manufacturing footprint, but rest assured, we have adequate capacity to serve the market today. Our team does a great job of forecasting where the market is going. We're always one or two steps ahead and we don't expect that to change. So from a manufacturing standpoint, the Kite team has just really done an outstanding job.
Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Tyler, it's Andy Dickinson. I'll take the question on behalf of the Kite team. Obviously, we and others want to see the full data set. We read the same releases that you've read. And we continue to believe that Arcellx and now Kite have a very interesting program that has the potential to be very competitive in that area to get on par or better potentially than the J&J Legend product. And as Dan said earlier, it doesn't come as a surprise to us that cell therapy is delivering that magnitude of benefit to patients across different disease areas. And it's exciting to see where cell therapy may go in terms of becoming the standard of care in second-line BCMA potentially over time, which, of course, increases the size of the potential opportunity for the Arcellx and Kite team. So look forward to seeing more on the data, look forward to carrying our program forward together with Arcellx team and to updating you over time. But certainly, it looks like a fantastic data set and great for patients.
Andrew Dickinson: Mohit, it's Andy. Thank you for the question. Nothing's changed from our recent updates. I mean we think that BD is an important part of the puzzle for us going forward. It's important to continue to bring new and exciting innovation and products into our portfolio over time. We don't expect that to stop. That said, and to your point, we have made extraordinary progress over the last four years that we're really proud of. And so the breadth -- given the breadth and depth of our pipeline, you should expect that we will do less over the coming years than we did over the last three or four years. But we will still be active. And what we've said recently and I'd reinforce is that we will do ordinary course licensing deals. Obviously, you saw the Community and Arcellx deals last year. We've talked about the Merrell Bio deal, all of which we're very excited about. And then we expect from time to time to do small acquisitions. But our portfolio, to your point, is in a great spot. We're very excited about what that's going to do to drive growth, and we will always look for opportunities to add to it, if we can, in a thoughtful way that we think will benefit patients and our shareholders. But that's the way I would think about it at this point.
Unidentified Participant: Good afternoon, this is [indiscernible] on for Salveen. Thanks for taking our question just on the TIGIT combo data at ASCO. How do you view this update? Is it more incremental? And then just on the Roche OS data, which is now expected in 3Q. How much read through do you anticipate on that front? Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, thanks for taking my question. This is Adam on behalf of Tim. No on Biktarvy, it doesn't need exclusivity over the next decade, but it's possible, gets targeted by the IRA before done. We know that [indiscernible] accounts are limited portion of Biktarvy’s volume and is it possible that the pricing impact extends to commercial patients? Also the other aspect to the IRA that you think investors are discounting beyond the negotiation. Thanks.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, this is [Ting] (ph) on for Colin. Thanks for taking our question. So on magrolimab, can you specify how many interims were planned in total for the ENHANCE trial? And for the interim update in the back half of the year, will there be actual data disclosure or just a high-level update? And for -- and what's your expectation -- also, what's your expectation of the CR and overall survival for the azacitidine control arm? There were some chatters around other side of the arm outperformed Tekada's Phase III trial, where they used a more intensive dosing regimen. So what's your thought over this? Thank you.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. So let me start and then maybe Andy can touch on the manufacturing piece of the puzzle. So thanks for the question, Terrence. I think what we've seen is really strong growth across second-line and third-line, and obviously, a little slower coming into second-line, but we are seeing nice momentum in the second-line as well and I think the OS data from ZUMA-7 coming through, that will be presented at ASCO that will only help continue that and really differentiated versus current standard-of-care. And -- but what we have seen is growth that has really picked-up quite nicely and you're seeing it both in U.S., as well as, Europe and really happy to say actually although we just got recent approval for second-line in Europe late last year, we're getting a lot of markets coming in from reimbursement, accelerating reimbursement because of the importance of the data for patients, and actually one example of that is actually just today with the NICE approval for a second-line therapy with Yescarta. And so we're very excited about where this is going. There's still a lot of growth opportunity in second-line. And obviously, the team is really working diligently to make sure that physicians are well-educated to make sure that they understand the benefits and the overall survival over long-term for these patients. So more to come on that. And with that, I'll turn it over to Andy for manufacturing.
Johanna Mercier: I'll take that one, Adam. So yes, we do believe that the IRA will have an impact on Biktarvy. Although we do believe it will be later this decade. And probably the earliest could be 2028 or so. The -- again, what you said is absolutely true. It is only on our Medicare business and, obviously, there is a lot of things that can happen between now and then. It's still early in understanding exactly how it's going to play-out, including the pricing negotiations that will happen. As to the spillover effect that you mentioned. We believe that we've had situations, obviously, in other channels today, where we have higher discounts in our commercial channels, and we've been able to manage that specific to the patient populations within those channels. And so, we believe we be able to do that again and mitigate the risk of spillover. And -- so yes, so I think that that kind of what we're managing in addition to the fact that our portfolio as much as Biktarvy is out to 2033 and that will I think really continue to be the standard-of-care for daily orals. We're also expanding our portfolio as you think about where we're going with lenacapavir here, we have different combinations in treatment and obviously with our convention work. So more to come on that, but I think we're more than prepared to manage the situation and have a couple of more years to figure out some of the different dynamics within the IRA.
Johanna Mercier: Umer, I'll take the first part of that specific to Trodelvy and what we're seeing in TNBC and metastatic MDC. So what we've seen is actually continued growth in TNBC for Trodelvy, and really that has a lot to do with the expansion of our field stores, but also the continued data that comes through, right? The OS data in TNBC is one piece of the puzzle. The other piece is obviously the OS that we've shown also in HR-positive. So, really the breast cancer community understanding Trodelvy better in that space. We haven't split the market and neither have physicians at this point really split the market between HER2-low kind of population. So what we look at is each indication, TNBC and HR-positive/HER2-negative. And what we're seeing in metastatic TNBC in the lines of therapy that is second line plus is really Trodelvy established itself as the standard of care in this setting, and it continues to do that. So I do think, just remembering in TNBC, the split between IHC 0 and IHC 1 and 2 is 65-35. So much more represented -- so less represented by maybe some of our competitors. Having said that, we work across a spectrum, which I think is really important to remember. So that's the Trodelvy dynamics right now in metastatic TNBC.
Johanna Mercier: Thanks. So Ryan, I'll take that question. So what we have seen in the last year or so is somewhat of a lessening of the severity of infections, and therefore, from a hospitalization standpoint, obviously, less hospitalizations as well. So we've seen a couple of different things. So obviously, much more non hospitalizations of late, and we've seen that obviously in the numbers because as you well know, that Veklury tracks very closely to hospitalization. And what we've seen is, despite the fact that hospitalizations have come down versus our expectations in Q1, the actual usage of Veklury has gone up. And that's super interesting. And a lot of that has to do with the strength of the data that keeps delivering for Veklury around the updates of guidelines, the strength of our data, real-world data that's come out continuously showing reduction in mortality and reduction in readmissions to hospitalization. So very powerful data, but definitely a bit of a play there. This is -- our outpatient use with Veklury is still quite small, in the single digit or so. Having said that, it is growing. But it's really the only antiviral that is approved in hospitalized setting for COVID-19. And so that continues to drive. I think as we think about our oral COVID program, I think we are thinking more the nonhospitalized setting, which I think would then complement what we have in our portfolio that works really nicely both in the nonhospitalized setting and the hospitalized setting to make sure that patients at risk have what they need if they do get infected.
Johanna Mercier: So I'll take that one, Olivia. As we think about magro, we are excited, obviously. We're waiting for the data to read out. But we are excited, and we have started thinking about our commercial model for sure. I think a couple of pieces to that one. One is the strength of the community and making sure we understand kind of what that looks like, but also the strength that Kite brings in this play as well. So we're not starting from scratch, right? We are going to -- we partner very closely with our Kite colleagues to make sure that there's a lot of learnings there that I think we can apply and a lot of overlap from a physician standpoint that also that we've been working through. So a lot of those pieces are in play. And the last piece I would say, just to add to the commercial model and our thinking, also has to do with the fact that we're also trying to get ahead of the game and better understanding, right? These are diseases that sometimes community physicians will not see on a regular basis and how do we make sure that we understand the when and where and making sure that the commercial model support that timing as well and being a little bit smarter in our approach from an execution standpoint. So, all those pieces are coming into play. But obviously, we're excited and anxious for the data. But we will be sure that we are ready for not only the data, but the approvals as well.
