Daniel O'Day: I'll start and then add Andy to provide a bit. Look, I think you heard us at JP Morgan. I think we reiterate our confidence that the next chapter of Gilead is here and that we are very confident in our ability to grow the business in the top and bottom line, excluding Veklury. It doesn't belie – our confidence in Veklury exists, but of course – and we're seeing it track, obviously, very well with hospitalizations. But we also want to have, and we want you to have confidence in our ability to grow the underlying business, excluding Veklury.  So, yes, we're committed to that. Yeah, I think you see that in the guidance that we delivered here today for 2021. And we're committed – and that's despite the fact that we are offsetting significant amount of generic erosion with Atripla and Truvada. So, obviously, as we head into 2022 and beyond, we don't have that headwind as well.  So, I would pass it over to Andy for some additional comments as well from your side, Andy.
Daniel O'Day: I'm going to hand it over to Merdad, obviously, but just a couple of points to kind of frame this. I think there are two points I want to make. One is, Gilead has prided itself on making sure we really understand what patients need out there every step of the way for the past couple of decades, which led us obviously to the robustness around Biktarvy as really the standard of care in the treatment setting and Descovy. And we also pursue a philosophy of having an anchor molecule. And what we're really excited about with capsid is this presents the opportunity for a true anchor molecule for long acting that meets patients' needs, the types of needs that we think are really going to move, potentially move some of the patients from a very convenient one from once a day to a less frequent dosing. So, I remind you that we've got lots of options with lenacapavir. And I'll turn it over to Merdad to go through some of those. Over to you, Merdad.
Daniel O'Day: Johanna and her team have done a lot of work on it. So, I'll let her start and see if anybody else in the team wants to add. Over to you, Johanna.
Daniel O'Day: We're very enthusiastic about the potential for Yescarta and obviously the second line readout. And Christi is on the line. So, I'll let her break down the different pieces of that for you between COVID and non-COVID some of the dynamics. So, over to you, Christi.
Daniel O'Day: And, Geoff, just bringing us home, I think you asked a bit of a double negative question. Let me put it into a positive. I think you can read into our continued investment in Arcus as us viewing the entirety of their portfolio as attractive, right? Not any one asset. But I'll just mention a couple.  Of course, in the TIGIT space, there are potentially two different mechanisms, as you know, both an FC and a non-FC receptor. There's a variety of adenosine programs. There's the PERIOD-1. And there's a variety of earlier stage programs. So I think you're absolutely right to see that additional investment as an additional confidence in the science and frankly the people at Arcus. And we're very, very pleased with the way we're cooperating and collaborating. Couldn't be more seamless. And the opportunity I think to think of [technical difficulty]/  I was just going to emphasize, in addition to the Arcus portfolio, the combination potential with our other agents, we're really excited about the potential to think about two, possibly three drug combinations between what we have within our Gilead portfolio today, the Arcus portfolio and other options that we have now and in the future. 
Daniel O'Day: And it just leaves me to just say a few things at the end. I know I speak on behalf of the entire leadership team that we are clearly behind this next chapter of growth in Gilead. And it's here. And it's a variety of things. Of course, it's a clear path to growth in a sustainable and diverse portfolio. It's also the fact that we have a stable dividend that we're committed to growing over time with an industry leading dividend yield, consistently strong cash flow, robust balance sheet.  So, we're entering 2021 with confidence on this clear path to growth. And I think you'll see us deliver on our new opportunities in oncology and sustain our leadership in HIV. And we look forward to updating you every quarter on our progress throughout 2021.  So, thank you all for joining. I'll let Andrew have the last word here. But I also want to make sure we thank all the colleagues at Gilead and our partners that made all this possible.  So, Andrew, over to you. 
Andrew Dickinson: The simple answer to your question is yes. I think that we do see this as a really important year where we said at JP Morgan, picking up on Dan's points, we expect to grow in the short term, the medium term, and the long run from here, and we think we have all the puzzle pieces together that will allow us to do that.  Our guidance, and you see in some of the pages that we tried to help people think through the core business and the materials that we posted, and I would emphasize and focus people on the 9% to 10% growth in the core business excluding the impact of the LOEs. So, we're going to grow through the LOEs, and then we think we should have some additional momentum coming out of 2021 into the subsequent years. And we also have a very capital-efficient and efficient corporate model, as you know, Michael. So, when you talk about kind of bottom-line growth, we see a lot of potential for leverage as we're driving top line growth to really expand the EPS growth over the coming years as well. So, we're excited about where we are and where we're going and look forward to updating you throughout the year. 
Andrew Dickinson: On the share count, we're assuming a flat share count year-over-year. So, to be clear, the EPS guidance is not being driven by share buybacks or share counts. Our base assumption is that we will just do repurchases to offset employee stock issuance over the year. We maintain, obviously, the flexibility to opportunistically repurchase more shares if we conclude over the year that that's a good use of our capital. But right now, the base case is that we will just repurchase shares to offset employee share issuance. 
Andrew Dickinson: It's Andy. Let me start with – we lost Dave again. Sorry. Let me start with the margin question. So, we're not providing longer term guidance, but we have flexibility in the way that we structured the deals as you know. So, until we opt in, the R&D expense is borne by Arcus, as with many of our partnerships. Obviously, we're planning for success and looking at our R&D expense in the future and making sure that we have the flexibility in our capital structure and otherwise to push these programs forward if the data supports it. And we have a lot of leverage in our models. So we, again, have very strong margins. At a high level, Robyn, what I'd say is we don't expect that any of the opt-ins unless we're really opting into all of the programs across the board that we have options on would fundamentally change our margin profile. And if they did, obviously, that would be in the short term, potentially a good problem to have. So, we're really comfortable with the structure that we have, where we are with our margins today, where we see them going. We like our R&D load today in terms of the amount of scale we've added to our R&D programs and our spend levels. You see that we're going to work very hard to manage our expenses thoughtfully with our team. So, from our vantage point, we're in a good spot.  Let me hand it over to Merdad on the clinical question. 
Andrew Dickinson: Terrence, on your last question, we haven't provided specific expense guidance on any of our products. As you know, what we've said on remdesivir is that there still will be a meaningful amount of expenses in 2021, as you'd expect, but the expense load is lower than it was in 2020. And we're not providing more specific guidance, but it's real. It's important. We continue to see the significant potential for the product for patients. So, we're continuing to invest appropriately. And it is baked into our guidance, but it's a reduction year-over-year.
Andrew Dickinson: Thank you to them. And thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead and the team here looks forward to providing you with the updates on our future progress. Thanks again.
Merdad Parsey: To your point, we haven't talked too much about it. Look, we have a number of internal assets that we can combine with lenacapavir, given that lenacapavir is a capsid inhibitor and gives us a lot of flexibility to look for what the second component could be there. So, ranging from things like bictegravir and TAF to other things in our pipeline , we believe those can all internally form part of a combination regimen going forward. We would anticipate that we'll start doing Phase I studies this year, and then data will follow from that in terms of which combination partner we would choose.  On the second part of your question whether we would look only at six months, I would say it's important to think about lenacapavir both having oral and subcutaneous approaches. So, on the oral side, we think we can dose orally about once a week. And so, that could form one regimen that we would approach to go for a once-weekly oral regimen. For subcu, it'll partly depend on what the combination molecule would be and what dosing interval we can get with that. We'd certainly like to target six months, but if necessary, we can go to every three months or something like that, so it'll really depend on what the partner is. The key issue here is that we have a lot of flexibility with lenacapavir, and it gives us a lot of options to sort of see how we can work, and that's where we're going to go.  And the last thing I'd say is for PrEP, the studies I mentioned, the ones that are getting started are going to be every six months. So, that is the regimen we're using for PrEP.
Merdad Parsey: Just to follow up on your question on resistance, as you know, most of the variants that have popped up are in the spike protein. And that's been the source of the problem, which is why people are talking about sort of the vaccine issues and potentially the monoclonal antibodies because they're directed at the spike. But remdesivir targets the RNA polymerase.  So, for the RNA polymerase, we haven't seen so far mutants that would impact the efficacy of remdesivir at least when we're looking at the sequences. So far, knock wood, we haven't seen anything.
Merdad Parsey: It's a great observation. And I think one of the things we really appreciate about the team at Arcus is they're really focused on two things, with the TIGIT asset. In particular, one is to, to try to be as fast as possible, taking the appropriate kinds of risks to make sure that we are really in the hunt. And I think what's exciting there is a possibility to be potentially second to market with that asset. And secondly, to look at combinations within the portfolio to look for evidence of even better activity that could really position us uniquely out there. So, getting back to the earlier question about Arcus and our relationship, they're a very impressive group and have been doing great work. So, we're excited to see how those data play out.
Merdad Parsey: So, on Trodelvy, you're right that there was a planned ORR. But we don't think that the ORR evaluation, the interim analysis was actually going to form substantive enough data to get an approval in HR positive. So what we did is we looked initially at the study as part of the evaluation together with the team in Immunomedics. We resized the study to power it appropriately for overall survival. And at the end of the year, we'll read out PFS, which we think has a much better opportunity for reading out and giving us a fileable endpoint. So, I think that was really the – our conclusion was essentially that the ORR was only just going to cost us alphabet, not really get us something that we could file with. And we have not unblinded any data. It was not based on anything other than wanting to get to the PFS.  So, on the inhaled remdesivir, it's going well. That study is moving through Phase I and has moved move forward nicely. And, no, the Phase I study is probably not adequate – not probably, it's not adequate for approval. When you move from parenteral to an inhaled approach, it's effectively moving it to a drug device combination approach. And so, all the issues there – a PK bridge is usually when you can show that the exposure is the same, but since the exposure will be very different systemically, it will be – primarily, the exposure will be in the lung. You can't do a bridging for PK. So, it ends up being a clinical efficacy question as opposed to just a PK question. So, the studies are designed to – will be designed to go forward with evidence of clinical efficacy for approval.
Merdad Parsey: Just to be clear, maybe I'll just say both. So, the study I was referencing that will read out for PFS is a hormone receptor positive, HER2 negative study. That is a Phase III study. For lung cancer, right now, it's a Phase I study, the TROPiCS-03 studies, a Phase I basket trial. And pending those data, we would – our plan is that we would open a Phase III trial in lung cancer in the second half of the year. 
Merdad Parsey: And then on the Trodelvy, so the way we're thinking about it is that – Phil, is that, as you know, the disclosed data from Immunomedics on lung have been promising. Because of the competitive situation right now with other molecules in lung, our own interest in lung, and the fact that we'll see additional data from tropics three, we are planning at risk to do a Phase III study. Now, that will depend entirely on how the data read out and the strength of the data. We may need to or want to adapt from there. But we want to be aggressive and make sure that we don't lose any advantage that we may have. So, we're just being aggressive based on our conviction on the molecule and MOA. 
Johanna Mercier: I think the way we're looking at it, and I'll start with actually the first filing, right, which is heavily treatment experienced, which is expected to file towards the end of this year. I think that one for us was really an opportunity to go into the market, fast opportunity to get physician experience with lenacapavir and kind of create that foundation for lena.  I would split up the question between treatment and PrEP. I think in treatment, the expectation is the market will continue to grow at the 2%, 3% that we've been seeing year-over-year. And so, I think it'll be little bit of a switch from oral to long acting within the treatment. I think the real opportunity for expansion with long acting will be in the prevention market. We've said before that we've only scratched the surface at about 20%, 25% of the total market today in prevention with Truvada and Descovy. I think the opportunity really is to expand that market with long actings that would make it much more flexible for folks, people at risk of HIV. And so, I think that's a true expansion strategy, but more intervention than in treatment.
Johanna Mercier: As I mentioned, earlier, this year has been actually quite stable. So, what we've seen is really, with Truvada LOE, what we've seen is a little bit of mix within Truvada between branded and generic. But we haven't seen that impacted Descovy at all. On the contrary, it stayed strong at that level of share. And we expect that to continue to basically be anywhere between 40% and 45% or so throughout the year.  Having said that, we did see a little bit of a decline quarter over quarter, about 6% or so. And that was largely due to the contracting to maintain some commercial access. So, the one difference has been much more around – because it's TAP, because it's in prevention, it's highly commercially – commercial payers. And so therefore, we're really quite focused on just making sure that people at risk have access to Descovy in light of its strong profile and safety profile that it offers. And so, we've definitely seen erosion with Truvada, strong erosion in Q4. And that will continue as we think about coming quarters this year. But really, from a Descovy standpoint, the expectation is that we continue to maintain strong commercial access. And obviously, that might mean a little bit more contracting. So, a little bit more discount on that front. But one that's important for us to make sure that people living at risk have access to Descovy as we continue forward. So, hopefully, that kind of addresses your question on PrEP market.
Johanna Mercier: I think we're really pleased to see the evolution of Trodelvy, right? It's only eight months in, so they haven't had a full year yet. And what we're seeing in 2020 is very encouraging. As of last October, more than one out of four patients were initiated on Trodelvy in third line metastatic triple negative breast cancer. What we also are seeing is, in December, when physicians were actually asked to report their own prescribing, so a little bit of an ATU type approach, they were suggesting somewhere north of 40% of their third line metastatic triple negative breast cancer patients were receiving Trodelvy. And so, we're seeing a nice uptake. I think we have an opportunity to continue that uptake as we think about expanding not only in the academic centers, but also with our community providers. And I think that's the opportunity as we think in the next little while. And I think that'll be driven mostly with the fact that we'll be able to promote the overall survival data soon with the FDA approval, the full approval for the ASCENT data and the publication. So, all of those things will be important inflection points for us as we move forward. But we're very excited as we see positions and really getting physician feedback around making sure that they can get through their second line options pretty quickly to get to third line and we have very strong payer support as well in reimbursement. So there's been no barriers on that front either. So good shape so far. I'll turn it over to Merdad on the lung cancer question.
Johanna Mercier: So exactly what you described. I think we're going to be very choiceful. And obviously, it needs to make sense. But there could be continued pressures. I think we've seen many of them. And we've been managing it as best we can to make sure that people living at risk do have access to Descovy as it really is quite differentiated.  I think as you think about your model for 2021, there's two pieces. One is, as you know, the market in prevention was quite depressed because of the pandemic. And we started to see us coming out of it in Q3. But of course, in Q4, with a surge of cases in hospitalization, we saw that dampening again. Assuming that we come back to some new normal this year, we should see that market pick up again. So between the market pickup, as well as some continued smaller price contractions, I think those two things will balance each other out quite nicely.
