Patrick O'Brien: Thank you, Chanel. Good afternoon, everyone. We issued a press release this afternoon providing earnings results for the quarter. The press release and earnings slides are available on our website. For our prepared remarks and Q&A, I am joined by the Chairman and CEO, John Martin; our President and COO, John Milligan; our EVP of Operations and CSO, Norbert Bischofberger; our EVP of Commercial Operations, Kevin Young; and our CFO, Robin Washington. Before we begin our formal remarks, we want to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements that contains certain assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control. These risks include the possibility that our actual financial results may differ materially from the revised guidance we are presenting today. The possibility of unfavorable results from our clinical studies, including those evaluating the GS 7977, and GS 5885 in various patient populations and the possibility that we may be unable to compete our clinical studies and regulatory filings or obtain regulatory approvals in currently anticipated timelines. A description of these risks can be found at our latest SEC disclosure documents in our recent press releases. Gilead does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements made during this call. We will also be using non-GAAP financial measures to help you understand our underlying business performance. The GAAP reconciliations are provided in our press release, as well as on our corporate website. I would now like to turn the call over to Robin Washington.
Patrick O'Brien: And just to remind everybody please keep your questions to one question only, without 3 parts or we'll just answer the first part of your question and then move on so everybody has an opportunity to speak.
Patrick O'Brien: Thank you, Chanel, and thanks for you all joining us today. We appreciate your continued interest in Gilead and the team and I are here to follow up with any follow-on questions that we can help with. Thanks.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No, Geoff, unfortunately I don't have a clear cut answer for you. Of course, we looked at all the obvious base line imbalances. There wasn't really anything there. It seems like at this point, really the QUANTUM study seems to be the outlier. We're seeing better results in ELECTRON and also better results in the NIAID study and I said in my script, that's a population where you actually would have expected lower response rates and yet we get 100%. So I do not understand it, the thing of small numbers and where the ultimate truth lies. I don't know, but either way, I think these numbers are actually a huge improvement with a very simplified, shortened all-oral regimen over where we are today. And that's also reflected by the way when we talk to regulatory authorities that they allowed us to do single arm studies with no control arm, that's a reflection that even regulatory authorities think that the standard of care control arms are not really worth including any more in Phase III clinical studies. So sorry, Geoff, I don't have a really good answer to your question. It's have something we have looked into, but we don't know.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Geoff, our current working assumption is that the data that Bristol-Myers generated their study will be replicated in our studies. We have made this argument before that from a virological point of view, the Daclatasvir and GS-5885 are very similar and there's no reason to expect a different result. So if that's the case, then obviously the second study might be a single arm study that looks at the fixed dose combination either with or without Ribavirin for either 12 or 24 weeks depending on how those data come out. So that's what our current thinking is. We do not currently think that GS-7977 Ribavirin will be included because GS-7977 with 5885 has -- its virologically more potent and moreover has the advantage of being much safer in 1 pill once daily, so it's the ultimate frontier In HCV therapy. That's what we want to pursue.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Jeff, the interim analysis, as I said is on the first -- on the 12-week treatment arms, so if the 12-week treatment arms show high response rates, then, of course, we would immediately be in a position to initiate the second confirmatory study as a very simple, perhaps single arm 12-week duration, fixed dose combination plus or minus Ribavirin and keep in mind, as I said in my script, we also have data from 2 cohorts in the ELECTRON study and be able [ph] to at that time that look at 12-week of treatment with GS-7977 and 5885 and Ribavirin in both null responders and naïve patients. I think with the totality of those data, it should be fairly straightforward to design the second Phase III study.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So the first question you asked was about NEUTRINO, of course, I can't speak for our competitors, but I would assume that the same comp set that regulators communicated to us is also applicable to them. So whatever in the future Phase III studies are going to be done might be much simpler studies that do not include a current standard of care control arm, that's the clear message we got and that's why they allowed us to do that single arm Phase III study that by the way, is powered against historical controls. The second question you asked was about 7340. So Rachel, as you may know, the monotherapy data were presented at the last CROI meeting and we showed that 25 milligrams of 7340 actually has higher potency in terms of HIV RNA reductions compared to Tenofovir DF 300 milligrams. Now in a triple combination regimen, higher potency in my mind is almost impossible to show, because all these triple combination therapy are very, very potent. They suppress the virus. So what we're hoping for is to show some benefit in terms of safety and you pointed it out already, one thing that we should be able to show is less of a BMD effect and the other thing we're exploring in terms [ph] of 7340 in advanced -- in renal impairment and maybe we can show some benefit there, but it's not quite clear. But you know, the big thing I think about 7340 will be that physicians will just feel much more comfortable. They do not have to worry about whatever potential, theoretical or hypothetical or real side-effects there are. Don't worry about bone, don't worry about renal, this is the same or higher potency at 1/10 the dose. So I think it would be a great addition to what we have today.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So Brian, I'm happy to talk about the powering. By the way, the powering for all our Phase III studies is approximately a similar line of thinking and so first of all, keep in mind that we will enroll in our study at least 20% cirrhotic patients. There has been some criticism by the medical community of previous development programs that have studied relatively healthy patients and then the ultimate experience that physicians made was worse than what was observed in Phase III studies because the more advanced cirrhotic patients were not studied. We're not going to do that. So we have 20% target. And by the way, in our FUSION study, we have actually have 30% cirrhotic patients. So that's number one. Number two, we calculated historically what would be an expected response rates in genotype 1 in a population that is 20% cirrhotics and the answer to that is if you look across a lot Tenofovir Resapravir [ph] studies, the answer is 65% is the expected response rate. Now regulators gave us a bonus. They say you don't have to even meet 65%, if you meet 60% that will be perfectly fine because you get the bonus for shorter treatment duration and better safety. So what we have to beat in other words is 60% and let me point out, that's a very low hurdle. If you look at the ATOMIC study, we have 93% -- 92% response rates and so that's how the interim analysis is going to be conducted. If we see in the futility analysis, less than 60% response rate, that will be considered futile. But if we 60% or higher, that will be acceptable. And as I said, my expectation, based on previous Phase II studies and also Bristol-Myers' experienced that we will see much higher numbers than 60%. I hope that answers your question.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So the first question had to do -- by the way I want to state it's not a bioequivalent study, but a bioavailability study. Bioequivalent is very strictly defined by being equivalent to a test regimen. We don't have that. We just want to make sure that roughly the levels of 7977 and 5885 are in the ballpark of what we have seen in the previous studies and while it's always difficult to say what the risk is, I think both compounds 7977 and 5885 are pharmaceutically well-behaved compounds. So we have the first formulation, but needless to say if this first formulation doesn't work out, of course, we have backup formulations that we will then put into development, that would delay the program by 2 months or so. The other question you asked was -- duration of therapy. So again I don't have an answer. I honestly -- I do believe that there should be a difference in duration of therapy. Why we are not seeing that in QUANTUM I do not know. And needless to say, we have looked at everything possible that we could look at. The compliance was not quite what it should have been in QUANTUM, although that's a difficult thing to measure. And the reason why I'm saying there should be a difference with regards to duration of therapy is simply because we have never observed breakthroughs. All our patients that are nonresponders are rebounders. So after you eliminate, after you take 7977 away -- your 7977 and Ribavirin, then the virus comes back. During treatment, we have actually never seen breakthroughs. That's why I think 7977, by itself or with Ribavirin is a very potent, very effective agent. And if you can't cure somebody with 12 weeks by going longer, you should actually get the better outcomes, but unfortunately, I only have the data that we have today and I can't really speculate anymore.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Marshall, the interim analysis, let me say it again, so the -- we want to beat a response rate of 60%. So if 65% is the expected, the response rate with the current standard of care, Tenofovir Resapravir [ph], we get a 5% bonus, so we want to beat 60%. That means the lower bound of our 95% confidence in total [ph] has to be 60% or higher. And if we see a point estimate that's less than 60%, so let's say we see 59%, that would mean we only have a 5% chance of achieving our goal. I hope I was clear in what I said. So 59% or lower would be futile to show superiority, 60% or higher would allow us to go forward. Then you had another question about the FDA. No, so the FDA they were comfortable with the fact that we initiated the Phase III study, but to an interim analysis after 200 patients. And so really the totality of the data both the Bristol-Myers data, our own virology data and the previous -- current experience with 7977 even by itself or in combination with Ribavirin that has made the FDA and 3 European regulatory agencies comfortable with this approach.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So generally, in the QUANTUM study, the CC genotype was not as high as in the ELECTRON study. If I remember it correctly, it was 25% or 30% and there was no difference between the 12-week and the 24-week. That is still true. But it was a little bit higher in the ELECTRON, but that doesn't account for the whole explanation, I would think. In my mind, if you ask me to speculate, it has to do with study conduct and remember, the QUANTUM study was a study where patients actually were blinded on treatment assignment, they were taking 938 or placebo. They were informed that there was a liver toxicity issue with 938 that maybe that could have influenced somewhat the study conduct at compliance. So that if you asked me to speculate, that's probably the best I can come up with although we can't substantiate that currently from our data.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Mark, since this is a new chemical entity. It contains a new product, we need 2 Phase III studies, 2 confirmatory -- 1 confirmatory Phase III study and one other Phase III. So the current time lines if everything works out and everything goes without a glitch, roughly the filing for the fixed dose combination would follow one year behind the 7977 filing, which would then be middle of 2014. That's our best guess currently.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No, Tom, we're not using any of those ongoing studies. That's a study, as you know, conducted Bristol-Myers and if I am not mistaken, they said that they could announce some data by AASLD. So the -- but that's entirely up to BMS. It's not our study.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Ian, we would of course try and be superior, but as you know, most of these noninferiority, superiority trials, so the nonresponders in HIV studies, a large part of those are either discontinuation due to adverse events or lost [ph] to follow-up and there aren't that many virological failures, the few that there are, you always wonder they're probably due to noncompliance more than due to inherent limitations of the potency of the regimen. So I just think they've lost [ph] to follow-up and it's conditional due to adverse event and noncompliance. Those are kind of generic things that haunt you in any study and I think by having 7340 in the regimen, I'm not sure whether you would -- whether that would address -- would not address those issue and I'm not sure if you would see superiority. But needless to say, of course, a good idea that's what we're, of course, attempting to do.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: We may have something -- Ravi I'm actually not sure. I have to look it up, honestly. I don't know where Ed Gain [ph] is in the recruitment of the patients. I can get back to you. I don't know.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Brian, it's a hypothetical possibility. You may remember the Bristol-Myers data that were presented at EASL where they saw 100% response rates in genotype 1, they saw lower response rates, in other genotypes. So clearly, 7977 Daclatasvir is not as good in non-genotype 1 patients. That's also, by the way, completely consistent with the virology data and our own virology data on 5885 would actually indicate that 5885 would really not be suitable for genotype 2. We see a lot of polymers there where GS-5885 activity [ph]. So -- I know what you're saying. You're saying, well you have 7977 and Ribavirin for genotype 2, but then you have a drug in there 5885, which doesn't really do much in genotype 2. So to make a long story short, we have other strategies that would come as kind of the third wave. And we're working on other nucleoside and we have some very interesting pan-genotypic compound in 2 other classes in preclinical development that would soon go into the clinic. That's what we're thinking about then the ultimate regimen will be 2 drug. It could be NS5A or PI -- or a nuc [ph] combined with 7977 that would truly be a good pan-genotypic regimen. That's our goal and plan.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, so, Tom, the other thing you have to remember in ELECTRON and in the NIAID study, these were single-side studies where -- like Ed Gain [ph] and the ELECTRON study, he knows every patient by name, he is in very close contact with them. The same at NIAID, they are very close contact with the patients, where as in QUANTUM is more of a large center study. So we have looked at the measure of compliance in QUANTUM was simply a self-recorded, did you take your drug? And as you know, that's somewhat less than reliable and we have seen low report rate, it's just -- the question is how much of that do you believe? It would be nice to have a somewhat more -- like plasma levels are the ultimate things that don't lie, that you can't hide behind and we just don't have those data. But, Tom, we would move forward with the Phase III study and then the Phase III studies we would see what the 2 response rates are, so I'm not too worried about what is it with QUANTUM that we see lower rates than in the other studies. And I'm convinced in the Phase III study we would see higher than what we saw in QUANTUM. That's my own feeling.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Jim, we actually have done conference interval in QUANTUM and ELECTRON and one thing I can tell you is they are fairly large because the number is so small. So typically, if you have like 10 or 20 patients and you see a 50% response rate, the 95% confidence interval will go from 20 to 80, so plus 30, minus 30, that's how large the confidence interval is there [ph], so it's not very informative. So with regards to the interim analysis, I want to say it again. So our goal is to be superior to 60%. So in other words, that lower bound of the 95% confidence interval at the end of the study has to be 60% or higher. So if we see 59% in the interim analysis as the point estimate, that means we will have only a 5% chance of ever making that and that will then be a futile attempt, so 59% or lower we would say this is futile, to reach this point at 60% or higher we would think it's possible.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So Jim, in order to reach the lower bound of 60% or higher, the point estimate calculation is 66%. So if we have -- if at the end of the study in 800 patients, the point estimate is 66% then the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval is 60%, so we got from 60% to 72%, the 95% confidence interval. With regards to your second point, I completely agree, but keep in mind, this is such a low bar that I do not believe this will ever be an issue. I mean this shows you how long the bar is. Like in ATOMIC, we had the same power calculation, we want to be at least 67% point estimate, but we were at 92% and I am convinced in this 5885, 7977 study we will see a similar result.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Phil, so I didn't get into this, but we decided with the first filing for GS-7977 by middle of next year, we would not include genotype 1 treatment experienced patients. And the reason is as you may remember, we presented ELECTRON data, I think they were somewhere before EASL, where we saw about a 10% response rate in the null responders, that's just too low. We will, however, a clue -- of course include treatment experienced patients in our GS-5885, 7977 program. I didn't talk about that today, but that would of course be another Phase III study that we would do because this compound -- the combination of the 2 should actually be a great compound to look at -- experienced patients. And as I said in the ELECTRON, there is 1 cohort of genotype 1 null responders. So that will give us the proof or the confidence that this is worth doing and then we would include that in the Phase III program. There is, finally, a lot of other studies that I have not talked about that will be included -- that includes special population transplant, HIV co-infection, it goes without seeing that this will be a comprehensive program. I've just touched on the main Phase III studies today to give you some sense as to what the main body of information is.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: The study is now enrolling and honestly, I am not at liberty to talk about the time lines, that's a J&J Tibotec [ph] managed study. We have regular meetings with them and I know their study is enrolling, but I do not currently know what the time lines are for that study.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: I, Ken and Paul [ph], we have talked internally about that -- large number of potential presentation and I'm really not prepared to mention them right now. We haven't finalized them yet, but you will get updates on many of these studies, QUANTUM, ELECTRON, we'll present whatever is available to -- for them to be presented.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So we are currently doing a number of again small cohort within ELECTRON, looking at 9669 with 7977. We're looking at our protease inhibitor with [ph] 7977, but as I said, the real goal is something we haven't really disclosed or talked about is pan-genotypic classes and one of them, we have -- other nucleosides that we're working on that could be combined with 7977. We have NS5A inhibitors that could -- are potentially pan-genotypic and we have protease inhibitors. And that's just something now that we have -- we're clear on what the first NDA, MDA [ph] filing looks like. We have now decided on the second filing. Now we can seriously start thinking about or formalizing a plan to move ahead with our third phase and the third phase will clearly be a one pill, once daily, maybe 12-week course for all genotypes. That's our goal still, and we're very close.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Just a quick comment on the superiority. No, actually, if you compare the data -- response rates on the Dolutegravir arm, they were very similar to the QUAD. We actually had 90%, they had 88% and interestingly enough, the superiority was entirely driven by fairly high discontinuation rates due to averse events on the Atripla arm. Those discontinuation rates are twice as high as we have seen in our own study and they're also twice as high as other competitors like Merck has seen in their study. So that is just a common -- it's a peculiar result, why in their study, the discontinuation rates on rates on Atripla were so high. They were 10%, in our studies they are 5%. I'll let answer Kevin answer the other part of the question.
Kevin B. Young: Yes, I'll just add to that, Yaron. Q2 was pretty strong. It was not as high as Q1, but it was as good as Q4 of last year. So that was pretty strong and certainly far stronger than Q2 of 2011. So it was -- it quite surprised us. Puerto Rico, Illinois were particularly big in their purchases. I think at the moment, Yaron, there is quite a lot confidence in HIV right now. The budgets went out early. You saw just about week ago that the remaining $75 million was allocated. So pretty much all of the budget bar $6 million has gone out now. So the states know what they're working with, vis-à-vis the Federal funds, it's quite remarkable to see the wait list now down 1,800, that's over 80% from its peak at 9,200. So I think there's a sense of greater confidence, desire to get the wait list down, the mantra of test, treat, retain is very strong right now. You saw the comments coming out of the World AIDS meeting. So I think people recognize that treatment is the right way to go for the individual and it's right way to go for prevention and -- there is a sense of momentum there that I don't think was there this time last year.
Kevin B. Young: I think it's going to continue to be on its run rate, Robyn. I think the remarkable thing about HIV is it's been so consistent and that's through guideline changes and it's through more data, single tablet regimens and it just got this remarkable robustness and consistency about it. So there might be some small tick up, but I think the reassuring thing is it's just been remarkably consistent and I think that's the way we see it going forward.
Kevin B. Young: Joel, I think we take all forms of competition very seriously. One thing to point to out is that, with an expectation that the agent would be co-formulated with EPZICOM. EPZICOM only gets right now 4% of naïve patients. So it really is hardly used in the naïve treatment setting. And even though it was elevated in the recent IX guidelines, it's not associated with all the third agents as is Truvada. So we do think that the preferred regimen for an integrate inhibitor is the QUAD. The results are very good. The results are published. I'll go back to the point I made about -- hopefully early entry into treatment guidelines and we don't exactly know the timelines of the competition, but we probably have about a year head start on the market, and with an expanded field [ph]force, which is trained and ready for the PDUFA date. We're going to try to make most of that. So we do think we have an excellent opportunity coming out first with the single tablet regimen of an integrate inhibitor.
