John F. Milligan: Thanks, Geoff. Thanks for the questions. So of course we view all our franchises independently, but taken as a whole, that makes Gilead. And so we do think that it's important that we're able to stabilize HCV revenues and it's important that we be able to talk about the company with the future dynamics that I think will drive us. We're clearly very excited about TAF-based regimens. We're very eager to get Bictegravir F/TAF launched. That will be another positive momentum going forward. As Norbert mentioned, we could file up to four NDA and BLAs going forward. So I think after years of having to be defensive about HCV revenues declining, it's very nice to be on the other side of that and talk about the positive trends going forward and we hope that that will dominate the conversation throughout the year much as it did at the beginning of the year, beginning with JPMorgan.
John F. Milligan: Yes. Hi, Brian. It's John. So just a couple of comments on where we're going to go next. Without giving you any specifics, we have been fairly open in our conversations that we do think that there are additional technologies we want to use to enhance the capabilities we have, including gene editing technology. That's something we've talked about previously. Obviously, there are several areas where we want to try to figure out where we could be more effective. One is increasing the number of targets that we can go at, so we're looking at additional targets. We are looking at ways that we can perhaps move from autologous to allogeneic or sort of universal donor CAR T. So that's technology that Kite was working on, and that we will continue to work on. Gene editing plays into that in some areas. And then of course, anything that we could use to try to lessen the side effects of CAR T would be important to us. So we're looking at technologies, thoughts on how we could have perhaps a lower cytokine release syndrome, perhaps decrease the neurotoxicity associated with this. So all of these things are important to us, and we're very, very actively looking at these technologies right now.
John F. Milligan: Yes. It is a more dynamic process, and of course we also benefit that F/TAF are viewed very favorably within the guidelines, and so that is a big help for us as we launch BIC/F/TAF.
John F. Milligan: I'm sorry. Phil had a two-part question, so we'll answer the HIV question. Thanks, operator. So you asked about market share for HIV. I will say that I'm going to talk about market share specifically, but I can tell you in the U.S., we expect to maintain our market share. There are obviously some changes due to generic TDF in the United States. I don't think that will affect us very much, as Truvada is still protected. We do think that we can gain that growth that you mentioned through switches from protease inhibitors, so multi-tablet regimens and of course switches from single-tablet regimens. So we think there's enough switching business and then treatment-naive business in there for Bictegravir and additional growth in Genvoya that we'll do quite well in those areas. In the European Union, however, we do think with the entry of generics in 2018, both TDF and TDF/FTC and of course TDF/FTC/efavirenz, as Robin mentioned, that we will see some temporary decrease in market share and then long term growth getting beyond this year due to the approvals of B/F/TAF, Bictegravir/F/TAF, which will occur later in the year allowing us to launch in these various countries. As we mentioned in some of our slides, we have seen incredible uptake of both Descovy and Genvoya across parts of the European Union. I think that bodes very well long term for TAF regimens, and so we're very, very enthusiastic and confident about that franchise there.
John F. Milligan: I do think first mover is very important with this area because it allows us to develop this rapport and relationship with the different cancer centers. And so I think a first mover advantage is important in this area. I'm not going to say that it's everything, but of course we have a second entry and then a third entry. You leaped right to the third, but we're expecting a second entry of course in Novartis. And so I do think that is important so that we have the connectivity, we get through the paperwork, the REMS program. This has to be duplicated for each individual agent coming to market, and so it is more difficult to get the attention of the centers once they have something that works very, very well, which we hope they believe they have in Yescarta. So I think that is an important thing to consider. You mentioned an inflection point, and as we mentioned on the call, we are now getting centers up and running. We have 28 centers currently that are up and now certified to prescribe Yescarta. We hope to have about 80% of the population by the midpoint in this year. And so I think what we're seeing with these centers is, as they get better at handling both the patients and the payment aspect of this, because that is a negotiation between the center and the payers themselves. As they get that down, it gets easier to bring in new patients, and so we do see a slowly growing momentum in each center as they get up and going. So obviously, the second half of the year will be a lot better for enrolling patients than the first half of this year. But I don't see it a major inflection point, but just a growing building of patients over time, so that as we exit 2018, we should have a pretty good handle on what the typical flow rate at each center is and what they can handle.
John F. Milligan: So, Ian, I mean we think there's about 7,500 patients in the United States, so 80% of that is well over 5,000 patients. So it's a pretty good number of patients, far more than we would be able to treat this year for example, given our manufacturing capacity. So the 80% is also really something that we're thinking about geographically. You go to a lot of the big centers and there are a lot of people who may be eligible for Yescarta but are just in areas of the country where it's impractical or unlikely a center would be sent up, and so they would have to travel. So in fact, we think geographically it will be a bigger coverage than that. I'm sorry. Overall, it will be a bigger coverage than that but just sort of geographically if you look at it, it will cover about 80% of lives, so that's why we're keeping that at that number. The second part of the question was, I forgot. It was about the – I'm sorry, Ian, I forgot the second part of your question.
John F. Milligan: And I would say, Jim, we're going to spread out our bets a little bit, investing in various different technologies, because it's hard to predict which of these will have the breadth to be important and also the specificity and depth of response that's going to be important. So we'll be spreading our bets out there. We do think there's hopeful signs in the solid tumor area, but we've not yet – don't have much. It's not the similar kind of situation as it was with CD19. And, Ian, I remembered the question you asked about the label and how the differences between the different labels. And clearly, we don't know what the groups have asked for in terms of labeling, but currently from what we see in the clinical studies, I don't anticipate the labels will be all that different going forward. But that could be a differentiating feature as it always is in medicine and that could lead to better access if the labels were truly differentiated from one another. Sorry, I forgot that at the time.
John F. Milligan: Yes. And in terms of the manufacturing process, it's not exactly the same as Yescarta. So we are working out unique manufacturing processes for each of these, so it will be different. We haven't determined exactly how different at the moment.
John F. Milligan: And your second study was do we expect our competitors to lower prices. That has never happened in the field of HIV, but I don't know what even GSK are planning. That's all I can tell you.
John F. Milligan: And I just want to add one bit of data to that, which is if we look at that typical patient who's taking Truvada today, for PrEP, they take it nearly on the frequency with people who take long-term HIV therapy, so about the same number of pills taken per year. So the exposure to TDF would be significant and would carry many of the same risks as TDF was for HIV-infected patients. So TAF may be a better option, particularly given that these patients are not HIV infected, and we think that could be an opportunity as well.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Michael. This is Robin. I mean, yes, I mean as John mentioned and I mentioned, we do see the HCV market dynamics stabilizing and removing that overhang. We do think that with our new HIV FTR launch of bictegravir – (29:42) BIC/F/TAF, as well as our other franchise, that we do overall see ourselves as a growth story. Even if you look at page 34 in our guidance, you can see overall our HCV franchise is expected to grow. And that's growth along with the LOE ex-U.S., as well as to taken to account our other franchise with Letairis. We're still showing overall growth in those core franchises over and above hepatitis C.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Geoff. So to answer your first question, I do believe the range that I provided for you for tax rates are stable. I don't know if it's – it's not necessarily the overall mix, per se, of our revenue. To some extent, it is that. But I think with that lower U.S. tax rate and the fact that we've already seen a significant mix shift because of our HCV revenues declining, more revenues in the U.S., I do believe that's sustainable longer term. It's very fortuitous for us from a timeframe standpoint because with that shift, our rate would have creeped up pretty significantly in 2018 compared to 2017. Relative to operating margin, I'd say we're a little higher than you project overall but still remain an industry leading. I do feel the 50% plus is sustainable for us. We are in investment mode when you think about R&D, et cetera, so, and we're several large Phase 3 trials, launching BIC/F/TAF, but obviously a lot of incremental opportunities going forward. So I would say yes, sustainable, and I think we'd aspire to see it even rise higher over time.
Robin L. Washington: Phil, maybe I'll cover HCV and we'll have John cover HCV. But you know as we said, I think if you compare and take a look at our Q4 revenues of $2.3 billion relative to all the other players, our share is, we've done very well. And in 2018, it's reflective of that continued market share position. I don't want to get into specific percentages, and I think there will be puts and takes across the various markets, but we're very confident that with our product portfolio that we believe we can maintain market leadership position. In the U.S., the market has moved towards more parity access, which we prefer, right, because it really leaves the prescribing decisions with doctors and patients. And we have been able to maintain parity or preferred access across the majority of the counts overall. So we believe that, yes, we think our share position bodes very well for 2018.
Andrew Cheng: Hi, Robyn. It's Andrew Cheng speaking. So I think you're right. When we look back at the time that Genvoya was put on the DHHS guidelines in less than two weeks after approval, I think as it's difficult to surmise what drove them to do that. But one can take a look at the clinical profile and the differentiation versus TDF-based regimens that we saw in our registrational package, and that may have played a role in that. In terms of the role of BIC/F/TAF and one thinks going forward, I think continuing what we've seen already with TAF-based regimens and how they've impacted HIV treatment throughout the United States, it seems reasonable that these will be adopted in the guidelines. Now the timeliness of which are, as you're driving at, are difficult to say. I think that we don't want to overcommit in terms of – they have a process in place and we look forward to working with them to get the BIC/F/TAF on the guidelines as soon as possible.
Andrew Cheng: So, Alethia, it's Andrew. So I think it's a combination. When you look at the registrational studies that support the filing package, we had patients who were switching from protease-based inhibitors or multi-tablet regimens, which are – and keep in mind that protease inhibitors are no longer guideline for first-line regimens in the United States, and we have patients switching from Triumeq or the components of which. And so these two groups are probably the groups of individuals that we'll see a lot of the switches from overall as we launch the product.
Andrew Cheng: So maybe – it's Andrew – so I'll just start with the first thing which is that the Descovy study is fully enrolled. It was fully enrolled in Q2 of 2017, so we expect to have results sometime in 2019. But keep in mind that it's an event-driven study so the exact timelines are slightly hard to predict this far out. It's not like our, let's say, the Bictegravir trials, which were 48-week studies that once we have our last patient, we can mark those, block those out. Now in terms of the dynamics of how we see Truvada and Descovy interplay, I think it's difficult to say without the results of the trials to understand the differences, although it wouldn't be unreasonable to think about looking at the dynamics in play that we've seen with HIV treatment, where safety has been a very important factor in driving the switch from TDF-based regimens to TAF ones.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: I would like to reiterate what Andrew said. It used to take a long time many years ago, but in the case of Genvoya, it took exactly two weeks. So it's not true anymore that it takes a long time for it to get on the guidelines.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Matt, thanks for the question. So the reason is simply that the FXR agonist is somewhat behind the ACC inhibitor. We both present, so the Phase 2 result, studies are just wrapping up. We're looking at the data and we intend to submit this to an upcoming conference, a liver conference. You will then see the results. So just to remind you with our FXR agonist, the hypothesis was that we don't want a high systemic exposure with the FXR agonist. So it got restricted or got focused mechanism of action that releases FGF19 that then goes into the circulation and provides the efficacy. So you will see the completed Phase 2 study at an upcoming conference.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. So, Umer, the only thing I can point to is the Phase 2 study that we have done. I think I'm very confident we will repeat those numbers. Of course, they won't be exactly the same. As you may remember, the total N was somewhat small, but we saw a difference between placebo and the high-dose active arm at 20%. And we would be very happy with that because, as you know, the endpoint is fibrosis. Something that improves fibrosis or prevents fibrosis progression, that will be a tremendous asset and contribution to the healthcare system. So the other study, I can tell you we of course are looking in an ongoing blinded way at safety, and I can tell you this, the compound is very safe. We are not seeing anything that would concern us, either laboratory abnormalities or adverse events or discontinuation rates. But having that said, I want to make sure that everybody understands we're blinded to the study. So it's a placebo-controlled study, but in the blinded data set, there is nothing that would concern us.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes so, Jim, I don't think we have everything that we need, and as John said, one thing missing is gene editing, but we are talking to companies and we will do more collaborative deals in that space. I would say it's early with solid tumors, that the problem with solid tumors, or the challenge I would say, is finding a tumor-specific antigen that is not expressed on normal cells. That is by the way a reason why we're excited about CDL, the synNotch technology. Essentially, it needs two antigens in order for the T-cell to get activated, so it gives you much broader specificity if you can go after two cells. Both have to be present at the same time in the same cell surface. But on the other hand, it's really, it's early days I would say, but it's exciting and that's where the real opportunity lies for cell therapy, I mean, the real commercial opportunity. And you could, for instance, go after neoantigens, you could do shared antigens, and we have announced one study that is ongoing with MAGE A3, A6 with the Rosenberg Group at the NCI. And so that's the opportunity. So you will see more in that space coming from Gilead in the coming years.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes hi, Cory. It's really too early to say what the differentiating features will be. We are currently doing dose escalation and it's really a Phase 1, Phase 2 study and we just have to see what the results are and how they compare to the competitors' products. And yes, we're using the same construct, so it's CDZ and – (51:12) CD28 costimulatory domain with an extracellular binding domain that's different, probably, from the competitors. We don't know that.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Ying. Thanks for the question. That's very observant of you that you have not seen the study. Yes, so we are performing a safety study. As you know, there was a safety signal in pre-clinical studies and in order to justify the 200 milligram dose, which is the higher dose that we're using in this study, we were asked by FDA to perform this study. So the study is enrolling and the reason why we don't have any timelines in it is simply we don't know yet. It's too early. So we have sites up and running. It's somewhat slow, always at the start. We just simply, it's impossible to predict what the exact timelines are.
