Susan Hubbard: Thank you, Veronica. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Gilead's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. We issued a press release this afternoon, providing earnings results for the quarter. This press release is available on our website, as are the slides that provide much more detail around the topics covered on today's call. Your speakers for today will be John Martin, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Robin Washington, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Norbert Bischofberger, Executive Vice President of R&D and Chief Scientific Officer. John Martin will review the third quarter milestones, Robin will discuss our financial results and commercial performance and then Norbert will provide an update on our research and development progress and discuss our future outlook and opportunities.  John Milligan, President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Young, Executive Vice President of Commercial operations; and Andrew Cheng, Senior Vice President of HIV therapeutics and development operations are here as well, to answer your questions later in the call. I would also like to note that we just issued a press release announcing today's completion of the U.S. NDA filing for our Quad drug. Norbert will discuss this significant milestone in further detail later in the call.  I would like to remind you that we will be making statements relating to future events, expectations, trends, objectives and financial results that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements are based on certain assumptions and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. I refer you to our latest SEC disclosure documents and recent press releases for a detailed description of risk factors and other matters related to our business. In addition, please note that we undertake no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements. We will be making certain references to financial measures that are on a non-GAAP basis. We reconcile GAAP and non-GAAP numbers in the press release we just issued as well as on our corporate website. I will now turn the call over to John Martin to provide the highlights on the quarter.
Susan Hubbard: The other thing -- this is Susan, and I might want to just add to what Kevin said, that is that we do get Synovate data but that Synovate data is on a quarter lag. So clearly, it's too soon for us to have patient data, other than what we hear from our reps and from the physicians, clearly, that we speak to. [Operator Instructions]
Susan Hubbard: Rachel, this is Susan. Again, that's 3 questions, I think we'll answer one and Andrew, why don't you answer.
Susan Hubbard: Operator, well, thank you, everybody, very much for joining us today. This is Susan, we appreciate your support and happy to take your follow-on questions after we conclude the call.
John C. Martin: Thank you, Susan. I'm very pleased with our progress during the third quarter. First in August, U.S. FDA approved Complera, the second single tablet regimen for the treatment of HIV, combining Truvada with Tibotec's Rilpivirine. Product was shipped to wholesalers and pharmacies within 24 hours of approval. In Europe, this product is called Eviplera, and has received a positive opinion from the CHMP. Before the end of the year, the European Commission is expected to give final approval and launches of Eviplera in various European countries will follow in 2012.  At the September ICAAC conference in Chicago, Complera was the focus of a late-breaker poster, which featured results from study 111, a study designed to assess whether patients can safely switch from Atripla to Complera. The data demonstrated that all 49 patients in the study maintained biologic suppression, 12 weeks after the switch to Complera.  To further define the profile for Complera, we have 2 Phase IIIb studies underway. The first is an open label comparison of Atripla to Complera, to assess the benefits of single tablet regimens, which because of ease, simplicity and convenience, may lead to higher compliance of better biologic outcomes. This 48-week study, is fully enrolled with 799 patients. The second study is designed to support switching from a protease inhibitor containing regimen to the single tablet regimen of Complera.  In this study, 482 patients, fully suppressed on a protease inhibitor regimen were randomized to either continue on their existing regimen or switch to Complera. Also during the quarter, we completed the purchase of the biologics manufacturing facility of certain process development assets, located in Oceanside, California.  This facility is currently designed and equipped to produce biologics for toxilogical Phase I and Phase II clinical studies. We retained many of the site's biologics manufacturing specialists and process development scientists, and will use the facility for the process development and manufacture of GS 6624 and other antibodies currently in preclinical development. This acquisition provides us with the resources and expertise to accelerate internal biologics research and development programs, and to take advantage of external opportunities in the future.  I would like to highlight 2 recent announcements that are examples of our commitment to bring the best fixed dose combinations and single tablet regimens to HIV-infected patients. The first was an announcement earlier this month of a license of Boehringer Ingelheim's portfolio of non-catalytic site integrase inhibitors for HIV. This includes the lead compound BI 436, that has been evaluated in a Phase Ia dose escalation study in healthy volunteers, supporting once daily dosing. This class of non-catalytic site integrase inhibitors target HIV integrase, that bind to a novel site, distinct from the binding side of the curve class of integrase inhibitors like elvitegravir and raltegravir.  Consequently, these novel agents could have activity against viruses that are resistant to the current class of integrase inhibitors. The second is a collaboration we announced yesterday with Bristol-Myers Squibb to develop a co-formulation of atazanavir with cobicistat, our boosting agent. This collaboration follows the previously announced agreement with Tibotec to co-formulate cobicistat with darunavir, and further validates the importance of cobicistat as a potential novel boosting agent.  And finally, I'd like to note that this week marks the 10th anniversary of the approval of Viread. Now, Viread contain products including Truvada, Atripla and Complera, are utilized by nearly 80% of HIV-infected patients in the United States. Viread is also the most widely used treatment for hepatitis B infection in the U.S. and Europe.  Every day, Viread and 1 or more of its forms, provides benefits to 2.7 million people around the world with 1.8 million patients receiving access in the developing world.  I would like to acknowledge the hard and innovative work of the research scientists, both internal and external, and our clinical access and commercial teams, for their role in advancing the treatment of patients living with HIV and chronic hepatitis B. I would now like to turn the call over to Robin to cover the financials.
John C. Martin: It's a good question. Our understanding is Ryan White for 2012 -- I'm sorry for the 2011 and into the first part of 2012 has already been distributed. So could the impact go beyond that, I don't really know the impact beyond that. But from funds that are out for what will be the Q4 of this year and Q1 of next year and our fiscal year have already been distributed. So certainly, it wouldn't have a short-term impact.
John C. Martin: Yes, we have a contractual arrangement, which runs for several years with Tibotec. We can certainly, more than adequately service that when the Quad is introduced. So when the Quad is introduced, it will become our first line detail for our HIV team. And Complera will then move to number 2, and we will then drop the promotional of Atripla. We do think the Quad data are subject to approval and subject to a label, will give us every opportunity to very much go, after the full array of naïve patients. And therefore, naturally be what we believe to be a very strong first line therapy. So we put tremendous emphasis on the Quad. We believe this is the future of HIV, and we believe it's the best treatment going forward, after approval for HIV patients. But we will still have a Complera detail as part of that.
Kevin B. Young: Geoff, it's Kevin. I had a funny feeling in my bones, you're going to ask me these questions. So let me take the Atripla first, because I mean I think it runs into Complera. So as you see, Atripla was down by 2% quarter-over-quarter. Truvada had a nice quarter plus 7%, but Atripla was down by 2%. First thing to say is, that underlying prescription growth quarter-over-quarter was 2%, as Robin said for both products. And that 2% was pretty solid when it comes to it, that we have very good quarterly growth in prescriptions for Q1 and Q2. So it's nothing to do with the growth in prescriptions, which is up, that's a direct measure of patient growth. Secondly, Atripla was not an inventory story. Inventories remained at the bottom of the ranges, so after that pull-down in Q1 of this year, as we predicted, the major wholesalers are operating as low as they can according to their contracts. So Atripla comes back to the non-retail area that we've often talked about before. The ADAP budgets in their entirety went out extremely late in the quarter, in fact, in the very last week. So what we did see during the quarter was, I think what you'd best defined as very prudent purchasing by the direct purchase states. It does seem Geoff as though they're kind of improving their inventory management. It does seem that they're wanting to be cautious, so they don't run out. And really, avoid a Florida-like situation. But the early pull down in the waitlist is encouraging. It's important to say that since that peak at the beginning of September, the waitlist sort of come down 27%. So I think that's a good early sign. So really, the Atripla was mostly about non-retail ordering. Transitioning to Complera, the 19 million that we sold in Q3 was, mostly pipeline sales. From what we can ascertain, it wasn't really at the cost of Atripla. Of course, the sales represents are now detailing Complera as number one product, Atripla is number 2. But from what we could make out and the data is very early, this was not based on some major switch off of Complera. The launch is going as we planned from what we can see around the prescriptions. It just seems to be tracking the equivalent of a Prezista-like uptake. And that's not unsurprising to us, when we think about our label and we think about the profile. In terms of the patients, Complera seems to be going down the lines, anecdotally, anyway, of the patients that we are profiling, which is the women of childbearing potential, and individuals that could have high susceptibility to CNS R&D want to avoid CNS side effects. So that's really the story on Complera. And I would characterize it as so far so good.
Kevin B. Young: I think Geoff, it really depends on the label you get. Please don't forget that we don't have switching directly in our label for Complera. And we probably won't get that either for Quad. And that's why we do the follow-on phase in our Phase IV studies. And I think a big advantage that we have for Quad, is that very strong positioning in first line. Because the 2 studies will give us the opportunity to talk about both the NNRTI patients, as well as the protease patients, being applicable as first-line therapy to Quad. So first and foremost, I think that would be our positioning for the product.
Kevin B. Young: Andrew, it's Kevin. Good question. So we still do talk about Atripla. It's the second detail after Complera for our U.S. sales team, and we'll do the same as we roll out the countries in Europe. As you probably saw recently, because the DHHS guidelines did come out just over a week ago, Complera was not put into a preferred therapy. And quite frankly, we didn't expect it to be. It wasn't one of our expectations and we certainly didn't include it in our internal forecasts for Complera. We didn't think that the ECHO and THRIVE studies would get to that finish line in a quick fashion. And that's exactly why we set up to do the head to head with Atripla using single tablet versus single tablet. We do feel at this stage, that with the 102 and 103 studies, and particularly, the response rates that we've got, that 90% -- I'm sorry 88% and 84%, we're in a very strong position, likely stronger to ascertain a preferred position in a quicker time period after the introduction of the quad. So we think Quads can get into that position fairly quickly.
Kevin B. Young: Robyn, it's Kevin. In terms of pricing, we've made no changes to our pricing to ADAP. As you know, Robyn, we've had our prices basically locked. We haven't put any price increases into ADAP. So those prices have been fixed for some time now. So we made that commitment, we have a very good relationship with the ADAP programs. And any of the price increases that we've taken this year on Truvada and thus, Atripla, have not been passed on to ADAP. In terms of transparency, we obviously respect the management of the direct purchase ADAP states. We have very healthy conversations with them, but their management -- their stock levels of course, is their own private business. We do get the sense that they're just being careful. They did want to wait until they got their own allocation, the total dollars were known, but none of the states who knew exactly what they were getting, until that final week of the quarter. And I think they've got used to running at a lower level of inventory. They just want to manage tighter. The $50 million that they were given as part of the emergency, was linked to expectations have taken down the waitlists. And that's what they started to do. We don't think at Gilead, that those waitlist will go to 0. We think that they will come down nicely, but we don't think they will go to 0. Because in some ways, having a waitlist is a form of management for the ADAP. And indeed, it helps them with their arguments, come the next ADAP year in appealing for their budgets. So relationships are very good. I just think they're being just a little bit more cautious than they have been in previous years. And I think they'll probably remain cautious until they get into Q1, and it's coming towards the end of their financial year. And on a use it or lose it basis, they know they will have to spend once they've carefully managed their year.
Kevin B. Young: Well, again I think we've always done the right thing to do. We have given and do give a supplementary discount to ADAPs. We made changes to our Patient Assistance Program. We have very good entry criteria for federal poverty level, often better than the states themselves for our PAP. So as a package, I think we've been very constructive and been professional, and worked extremely well with the ADAP. So we were the first company to step forward with the price freeze that we put in place over a year ago, and we've always tried to be a leader for ADAP. So I think they've appreciated that.
Kevin B. Young: Josh, it's Kevin. Obviously, please bear in mind that things did change quarter-to-quarter. And we're only coming out to the summer months in Europe, which do tend to be a little bit quieter. The stronger months, stronger quarters are always typically Q2 and Q4 in Europe. You are correct in spotting that our naive share for Atripla did just come down slightly. We have got one contract issue within the U.K., where the contract was offered purely on price. And there has been a small amount of share taken in the naive patient setting, Atripla versus Kivexa. We believe this situation can be addressed and we are addressing it. So it's just one isolated situation.
Kevin B. Young: Rachel, just one other comment about the switching from the Quad. As Andrew before said, we won't have any, we haven't initiated any studies yet. We won't -- we don't expect to have that in the label when we get approval, and that will be sometime in 2013, before we can file that to the label update. And so I think it's too early to speculate on the pace of switching, and how it compares to D40 in the old days.
Kevin B. Young: Bret, it's Kevin. Very, very important distinction between where we are in the U.S. versus where we are in Europe, is that we actually don't have a label for first line. And that's very, very important. Our sales representatives in Europe do not promote Atripla in the naive setting, whereas that can be done here in the U.S. So inevitably, that's a drag on our performance, Europe versus the U.S. The other thing of course, is that we've got a mix of countries, some of which are very NNRTI-orientated, like the U.K. and Spain, and they're like the U.S. And markets like Italy and France, that are very strongly PI. And some of those have actually gone to the integrase like France. So there are those very distinct differences. We will have a staggered rollout of Complera in Europe. We won't get, for example, we won't get France and Italy until the second half of 2012. So inevitably there'll be a mix of some countries will have Atripla, still the first-line for a while, and then move to Complera. Markets like the U.K., France -- U.K., Germany, Austria, we hope at the end of this year or early next year, will have Complera as the first detail. And the good thing I should add about Complera is, it will have a first-line naive label.
Kevin B. Young: It's Kevin. Just to give you an update, we didn't see any national haircuts in terms of prices in Q3. We continue to watch the situation in Europe very carefully. We've probably got more sensitivity around Turkey and Portugal for the remainder of the year. And I think if you ask anybody in the industry, that's probably where they think there may be some sort of price actions. We've been very successful with our single-tablet regimens in Europe. And if you take a proxy of where we are with generic 3TC, for example in Spain, whilst we have done some selective contracting and some selective price modulation on Atripla, the position and the strength of support to single tablet regimens, now supported by publications and the likes of Spain, do give us that premium pricing. So I don't think that we necessarily have to sort of tumble to Efavirenz pricing at such point that, that becomes available in the European countries.
Kevin B. Young: Jim, it's Kevin. I'll take, just very quickly on Europe. Europe is still progressing in terms of anti-retroviral growth. I think austerity is a backdrop, but still, HIV is very much in the focus. And we're seeing legislation and we're seeing pronouncements coming out from governments, for example, the U.K. did one recently, saying that their level of care for HIV is inadequate, and they should be doing more work there. So I still think there is potential to continue screening and feeding patients into care and onto Gilead products. The main difference that you see in the U.S. numbers, is a change in the Synovate data base. They brought in a change in Q2, so please recognize that. We're able to send you information that backs up all of these number change. We've got retrospective numbers and you can get that from Patrick O’Brien. Basically, what they did is rather than do a bottom up extrapolation on total market size, they're now using CDC numbers. So basically, you'll see that patients in care, patients on anti-retrovirals, and then patients on Gilead products, dropped down by 6%. And that's purely a change that has been made by Synovate, it's the same for all companies that buy the information. It's just a standard change by this independent provider.
Robin L. Washington: Ian, it's Robin. I mean overall, it's product mix, relative to where we're selling some of the products, primarily Access Program versus our commercial program, that's a slight improvement. Overall, Complera still is very small to date, but ultimately, given the fact that we will get a component of the Rilpivirine component of the sale, we'd expect gross margins to over time improve as more and more of that product becomes part of our net product revenue.
Robin L. Washington: Well, I mean, I think again, as I said, and we'd expect to see some improvement as we get our component of it, will it be pre-Atripla, no. As we bring more on the Quad on longer time, we'd expect margin expansion, and that would be all Gilead product.
Robin L. Washington: Sapna, it's Robin. Well, we only give annual guidance, but I will say, as Norbert described, we have a very robust R&D pipeline. And given the M&A collaboration and activity that occurred this year, as we continue to ramp up and integrate those companies, we expect that trend to continue. Norbert mentioned over 60 Phase II and III trials that are ongoing. So that's an overall, all-time high for Gilead. So we definitely don't anticipate R&D expenses to decline at this point.
Robin L. Washington: Yes, I mean, I would think the one thing that Kevin talked a little bit is about the ADAP shortfall. So those were slightly less than what we expected, driven by the funding timing. So that's kind of the key driver. But overall, we feel good, relative to our overall higher end, upper end of our guidance.
Andrew Cheng: Brian, its Andrew. And so I think both of the switch studies from NNRTI, as well as PIs, are slated to initiate activities in Q4 of this year. So in terms of when we'll have data available, I think that's always dependent on enrollment timelines. So I think it's a little bit hard to predict accurately at this time.
Andrew Cheng: Ravi, it is very early. Don't have a lot of sort of percentages between switch and new starts. We think it's a blend of those 2. We don't think the switch particularly came from Atripla, so you'd have to presume that, that therefore it came from, the PI regimens. From a medical information point of view, upon request, we're able to share the information on the 50 patients switched study. But we're not able to put that into mainline promotion. So really, we do need the single tablet versus single tablets. And of course, that should be submitted and incorporated into our label. But certainly, I think the opinion leaders would've got a great deal of confidence from reading the abstract that you're okay to switch virally suppressed patients from Atripla to Complera.
Andrew Cheng: It's not just normal for us Ravi to break those out. So I'll just leave it to the majority of this was pipeline fill.
Andrew Cheng: Sure. Rachel, it's Andrew. So your question regards to prior reviews for the Quad. I think it's very clear that it would be the first single tablet regimen in integrase, and I think that's a very important distinction. As currently, the single tablet regimens are only the non-nucleoside class. I think that in itself, makes a very compelling case.
