Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff. Thank you for the question. I should say straightaway that not in the room today is Jim Meyers, our Executive Vice President for Commercial Operations, because actually Jim has been in Paris these last few days. He's heading back today and he certainly relayed to us the excitement around Bic/F/TAF. We've had several key opinion leader advisory boards and I think the data that we've presented them from the first two studies have been exceedingly well received. Having said that, Geoff, we've made a flying start with Genvoya. I don't think we could be happier. As I said in my script, over half of our patients are now TAF-based in the U.S., and we have a range of different conversions in Europe, but somewhere like Germany, it was our first country, is now upwards of 65%. So we're thrilled with the adoption of Genvoya. Not only that, Descovy and Odefsey, and as I think I've said in the past, the success of Bic/F/TAF is on the platform of the adoption of Descovy-based regimens. So we consider this a total family. We're still really excited about Bic/F/TAF. Nothing has changed. The data is reinforced so we got tremendous product. It's a beautiful small pill and we think it can be very strongly additive to our F/TAF portfolio of drugs. So as far as we're concerned, we're now going to be moving to very high gear for the launch of that new regimen come 2018.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Matthew. It's Kevin. I'll kick off and then Robin can add to my comments. We're very pleased that there is this increased number of patients that have started in the first half of the year. I think naturally we were careful and sensitive in going into 2017. A cure market has surprises on the way up and it certainly surprises on the way down. So I think we took a very careful approach to what might happen in 2017. It is clear that more patients are starting than we had predicted in our guidance, and as I said in my opening remarks, we now think it's going to be in the range of 185,000 to 200,000 patients. So clearly that's very positive. The other thing I would say is my comments on identifying HCV-infected individuals. If you think about it, as we're treating and curing patients, we want to make sure that the patients infected are coming into the system, albeit that they generally seem to be less ill than they were a few years ago. But it's important to still keep the movement of patients coming through. And as I said, we still consider this a large market, a very important market for Gilead, albeit that we still think there is a gradual trend down and where that sort of turns the corner or bottoms out, right now, still remains to be seen.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Alethia. Thank you for the comments. Yeah, we're delighted with the quarter. I think it was just all round solid across regions, all our products are. I also salute Norbert for some incredible milestones on the R&D front. So we're really pleased with where we are as a company in the middle of the year. Yes, Genvoya is now starting to exhibit across the countries the same performance that we are having in the U.S. The extreme of that is Germany. We're having very good uptake in Spain and Italy. And of course as I highlighted, France has done extraordinarily well just in four months to become the leading naïve and switch product. The other thing I should say, Alethia, is that Descovy in itself is doing very, very well in Europe. There are one or two markets that don't have the level of STRs that we have here in the United States, if you take somewhere like Germany. So Descovy itself is doing very well and we're happy to have that switch from Truvada to Descovy because it's a great platform for B/F/TAF in the future. So I think we're very pleased to be where we are and I only see great momentum across the European countries.
Kevin B. Young: Maybe, Brian, I could start with that. We're not seeing a great deal of change. Pretty much the patients are, if you like, settling down. They are naïve to therapy, lower fibrosis scores. Generally we have about the same access that we had in terms of start of the year. So there has not been any big, fundamental changes. I think there are still a proportion of patients somewhere in the region of 20% to 25% who do get diagnosed with quite advanced disease. But on a general basis they are fitter than the established patients that were there in doctors' offices and have been sat there for a long time waiting for a new treatment. So that's kind of bad news/good news because we do eventually believe that they will come through the system and make this a long-term market for us.
Kevin B. Young: So great to have you back. Really the results are very positive across the board. As I said, about 30% of switches come to Genvoya. When you start to break down the rest of it, it tends to be kind of a mishmash, a whole bunch of other switches. In terms of your question about how much of Genvoya comes from non-Gilead regimens, that's just over, that's 10% to 11% and that's stayed fairly constant since we launched Genvoya. So that's all additive to us. It's very positive and I think that will probably stay about where it is. So I wouldn't say there's any particular new dynamics. The switch continues to be the biggest part of the HIV market and Genvoya is clearly leading the products in the go-to switch regimen. Overall, I think we're just absolutely delighted that physicians see the benefit of having their patients on long-term TAF-based regimens good for the suppression of HIV and obviously good for their kidneys and good for the bones.
Kevin B. Young: Well we do hope Genvoya is going to keep going up until we bring in the F/TAF in 2018. Robin, there are certain patients who are just very familiar with their therapies. I dare say there's still going to be some Atripla patients, Stribild patients, Complera patients. They're just comfortable. Even after discussion with their physician, sometimes patients don't want to switch. And also don't forget, you've got a smaller proportion of patients who are on the PI regimens and sometimes physicians who feel that they perhaps might not be quite as adherent prefer them to be on a PI-based regimen. So there may not be the patients who come across.
Kevin B. Young: Cory, it's Kevin here. If you get virological failure and resistance in a controlled clinical setting in a study, then I don't know what might happen in real life. It's important to say that with the large numbers of HIV patients that are treated these days, many have quite chaotic personal lives in terms of housing and the need for social care, and they are very challenged. And I think it's important that those type of patients really do get robust therapies that do our very best to avoid them getting into difficult situations of failure.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Ying. It's Kevin. In answer to your question, we just don't know. We're just sort of two weeks before their FDA PDUFA date. We'll just have to cross some bridges when we see their label, we see their pricing, we see how they begin to promote the product, perhaps eventually see how they come on the market with their contracting strategies. So I think there are unknowns, and we'll just have to wait and see. I can only really control the areas that we have with our products, and I think we feel reassured by the portfolio of HCV products. Now we have Vosevi added to that. I think we have a tremendous offering in genotype 1, 2 and 3. Epclusa, as Robin mentioned, is doing really, really well, both here and now it's coming on-stream in Europe and we'll be able to also help the small number of patients who failed other therapies with Vosevi. So I think we're in a good position, and we're certainly going to continue with our very solid and very substantial promotion of our products.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Phil, it's Kevin. Just to also add, the real – the number one headline that is most important to opinion leaders, and therefore the HIV community, is zero resistance. When we have met with our KOLs, that is where they go to first, it's zero resistance, and of course, that is unlike the situation that occurred in ACTG 5353.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Ian. It's Kevin. I'll let Norbert answer the question on the DISCOVER study. But in terms just generally, compared to the few years ago, it's quite remarkable now how people are taking on board the benefits of PrEP and obviously avoiding infection. We've seen some remarkable work here in San Francisco. We see a lot of activity in New York, Miami, and we have taken those signals and put a larger field-based team out there to try and support the education around PrEP. So we're able to visit places now like Atlanta, Washington, DC and many other urban areas. About half of our Truvada sales in the U.S. are currently coming from PrEP, and we certainly expect that to grow. If you look at our numbers this year compared to 2016, we're about 15% higher in terms of the use of Truvada for PrEP. And the other part of this is, it's not occasional monthly use of Truvada. We're starting to see persistency at a patient level that is close to matching normal HIV use of Truvada. So we're seeing a chronicity, a regular use among PrEP-using individuals. And the final thing I would say, Ian, is that we are seeing other parties starting to announce that, for example, retail pharmacies are beginning initiatives that their pharmacist can engage in conversations on PrEP and what PrEP is about and educate people who come into a retail pharmacy to ask about PrEP medication. So that's also I think part of the momentum and movement that's going on right now.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Salim. It's Kevin. We've always in the U.S. gone with figures that are about 3 million infected and about 1.5 million that are diagnosed. No, I don't think there's any sort of difference in our opinions of the market. There is a proportion of patients that is uninsured. There are a group of patients that are incarcerated. As John said earlier, we see very little treatment. We continue to have conversations with the various states around their systems of incarceration, but there doesn't seem to be much momentum about that. We talked in the past about obviously the VA. The VA has been incredibly proactive. They've dedicated money. We are hearing, we don't have direct data, but we're hearing that it is slowing down a little bit like the general market, but they continue their efforts to outbound information and try and get people into the system. They're incredibly enthusiastic to try and heal their veterans. And there's the continuation, as John said, of the commercial markets and we certainly are doing our part to try and highlight to patients the need to be tested and that there are very comprehensive ways of curing the disease. So I think for us to continue to do that at some point, at some point, there will be some equilibrium and that will still be a lot of patients. And with a incredible treatment that cures, payers, providers will be motivated to use therapies. So I don't think there has been any big ahas for us or particular opening of new patient groups in the past 12 months.
Kevin B. Young: Good question. Carter. I don't know what way. We could go higher. We always feel that part of our role in the areas, in our large areas that we operate is to provide education. As a reminder, our baby boomer campaign is not aired as much as our Harvoni campaign, but I think in general terms, yes we feel that it is important to continue to highlight that baby boomers potentially who have been in a situation of risk, that they might go and ask for a test and be screened and find out their status. Let's not forget that that principle is backed by the CDC and there is Gilead and there are many other parties that support baby boomers finding out their HCV status, and if they are positive, then to take the steps forward. So yes, we feel that as the leader in HCV, it is part and parcel of the role we play.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Geoff, you asked about differentiation from dolutegravir. If you look at the results from Study 1490, the two, so comparing dolutegravir F/TAF to B/F/TAF, the two drugs are virologically identical. Adverse events, laboratory abnormalities are the same, the real differentiation is we have one single pill co-formulated, one co-pay, one pill. That's the big differentiation from dolutegravir.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Geoff, we have looked, of course, at our database since the news was announced by Lilly and Incyte, and we have found a total of three thromboembolic events. This is, by the way, in a database of 1,900 patient years of experience. One of the events was, by the investigator said, not related to the study drug because it was recurrent. This was pulmonary embolism. One of them was unlikely, and one of them was possible. So it's really a small number. And as you also know, thrombolic events, inflammatory conditions in general are not unusual. But I would like to point out, we are, in our filgotinib study, I think we have de-risked the program by pursuing two doses. This is something that FDA asked us to do. We agreed. And so if there should be a difference between the two doses, we will see it. Geoff, I would like to add another quick – this is more speculation and hypothesis. If you believe that these events that Lilly saw are drug-related, so that's of course a big question, because they saw a total of five.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: The second is if you then believe that they have to do with high platelet numbers, this then all kind of makes sense because baricitinib makes platelets go up. Filgotinib in contrast shows a platelet decrease. So if this is real and if this is the mechanism, then we should not be seeing this. Again, this is somewhat speculative and hypothesis.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Cory, thanks for the question. It's Norbert. There's no doubt that both dolutegravir and 3TC are proven long-term tolerable and safe drugs. The question that everybody has, are the two by themselves enough to chronically suppress virus replication in a broad patient population irrespective of baseline viral load and irrespective of partial adherence. And I think the data that were presented at IAS, ACTG 5353 has put that into doubt. Even though these patients were non-adherent, the one especially that developed the 263 mutation, the fact is this is real life. These patients do exist. Not all patients are adherent all the time. And we just have to wait for long-term two-year data to really answer this question. By the way, if you look at the detailed slides, there were actually five patients that had virological failure if you use the FDA definition of greater than 50 copies per ml at week 24, and it was at week 24 analysis. So again, we need to see more data and I know that the Phase 3 studies are ongoing, the GEMINI studies and hopefully we'll get the answer from that. But as I said, at this point I have great doubts whether that dolutegravir/3TC is enough to cover a broad patient population.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. So, Ying, in Study 1489, which was the trial mate to bictegravir B/F/TAF comparison, there were clearly more adverse, self-reported adverse events that had to do with sleep disturbance, nausea, et cetera, on the abacavir-containing arm. But in the second, Study 1490, the incidence was similar. So our interpretation is that what we are seeing in terms of CNS-related effects and constitutional general well being has to do with abacavir. The comparison of bictegravir to dolutegravir did not really show a difference, and I cannot at this point tell you what bictegravir does in terms of CNS side effects.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Ying, I would like to add, if you look at the data on (52:34), they had excellent clinical results in genotype 1 in treatment-naïve very early disease mostly F0 and F1. Actually, 80% of the population was F0 and F1 and in treatment-naïve patients. But the data in the other genotypes and also in treatment-experienced and cirrhotic patients were less good, particularly if you look at genotype 3 where they compared in eight weeks to 12 weeks to 12 weeks of sofosbuvir/daclatasvir, the regimen that had the most virological failures was the eight weeks of the AbbVie dual followed by the 12 weeks of the AbbVie dual, and the best-performing regimen was actually sofosbuvir/daclatasvir. So as Kevin said, we just have to really look at what the U.S. label will look like, then we will be in a better position to comment on the competitive nature.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, thank you, Michael. No, the interim analysis was not on filgotinib, it was on the MMP9 antibody andecaliximab. And that interim analysis is an analysis when we will have reached 30% of the endpoints, and the endpoint is death. So it's overall survival, and that will happen later this year. And we have a hazard ratio pre-specified, so it's more a futility analysis. If we don't reach a minimal hazard ratio, then we will probably discontinue the study. But if the DSMB sees that has a ratio reached, they will simply recommended to continue the study. And the second question.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Okay. Yes, we'll follow up with you afterwards. I don't have slide 51. And the other question had is about FXR agonist in PBC. We just have to see what the data looks like. But as you know, or may know, we are differentiated in terms of mechanism because we rely on intestinally generated FGF19 to essentially give you the efficacy. And we think some the side effects that have been seen with the other FXR agonist may have to do with systemic FXR agonism. It's all hypothesis and the initial data that we have would actually support it. But if we were to see this, we could have an agent that is differentiated from a safety point of view. And the other thing you may probably also know, the compound that's approved currently has pretty severe limitations with regards to hepatic impairment. I think it has to be given, is it once a week? I don't remember, but it greatly increases the concentration of OCA. So those are the two areas of differentiation.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Sure. So, Phil, this is actually very simple. You can have virological failure. There are three categories that fall into it. Number one, you come in at the week 48 visit and you truly have above 50 copies per ml, that's one virological failure. The second is if you discontinue and the physician indicates on the discontinuation form that you've discontinued for the lack of efficacy, that's number two. And the third category is, if you have discontinued at any point in time for administrative reason and your last measurement was greater than 50. And now look at that third category. We had a total of 11 patients on the bictegravir arm versus three on the dolutegravir arm that discontinued due to administrative reason. And out of those 11, by the way, six only showed up at the first visit. So they showed up, first visit, took the drug and then we never saw them again. And the reason was various: they moved out of the area, they couldn't be reached anymore, they were incarcerated, things like that. So we think this is a completely a non-issue and we will have no problems at all convincing physicians that this doesn't matter. These numbers will be in the label, absolutely. This is how FDA, in all HIV drugs, in all Phase 3 data categorizes thing. But it will be categorized exactly this: virological failure due to number one; two, virological failure, discontinued due to lack of efficacy; and number three, and that's the category I want to point your attention to, discontinued for other reasons and last measurement was greater than 50.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Phil, just another comment. You would of course expect in a large study like this that these random events would equally distribute between the two arms. Well, they didn't. As I said, there were 11 on the bictegravir arm versus three on the other arm. It's purely statistical coincidence and it has no meaning whatsoever clinically.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Ian, from a clinical point of view it's very simple. It's a non-inferiority study. We want to simply show that regarding efficacy-wise that F/TAF is the same as Truvada along with improved renal and bone parameters. And then because it's much easier and safer to use, you don't have to monitor creatinine. You don't have to look for people that are at risk for bone effects. You don't have to measure BMD, that it's a much preferred agent to Truvada. That's essentially what we're showing. That's why it takes 5,000 patients, by the way. It's not a small study to do.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No. Actually, Ian, so I don't have those data yet, but we answered that question when we did the PrEP studies with Truvada. There was a question that both we and the FDA had and the question was, can you take safety data from HIV-infected individuals and extrapolate the non-HIV infected, and the conclusion was you can't. So we generated data in about, I can't remember, 25,000 patients total that were not HIV infected, and that database convinced everybody that the safety is the same. There's no difference between HIV infected and non-HIV infected patients.
John F. Milligan: So specifically to the first question, Geoff, it's John Milligan. With regard to generic Truvada, we don't expect generic Truvada in the United States until 2021.
John F. Milligan: Brian, most of the folks who are seeking diagnosis are people who have access to very, very good medical care. This is not about incarceration. The rate of treatment of incarcerated individuals is still exceedingly low in this country, something that we're focusing on but have had very little traction on. So people who we're seeking, essentially the baby boomers who we're seeking, typically have very good healthcare or Medicare.
John F. Milligan: Thanks, Terence. So the quick answer is no. There hasn't been any difference in what we're thinking about. So we have been very, very active, as we always are. We have beefed up our groups, as you're aware, so that we can evaluate more different kinds of opportunities. And so we are working very hard behind the scenes here on a number of things, but I certainly can't direct you to anything specific, other than to say that we're very, very active. And when the things are right for us, we'll announce them. That's all I can say.
