Robin Washington: Hi Geoff, it's Robin, I’ll answer the first part of the question and I’ll turn the second part over to Paul. It is our intention to grow the dividend overtime, but I would say at the moment we still use share repurchases as the component that would be the larger percentage of our share return strategy, it will be larger than dividends for the foreseeable future.
Robin Washington: Hi Cory not at all this is Robin and may be John will chime in as well. But no really the timing of our dividend really reflects a confidence that we have in our business and our robust balance sheet as well as just the strength of our future cash flow as we look at it and again as we said all along there are no so vehicles that we can use to return free cash flow this gives us a disciplined approach of having a portion of it regular and something that people can count on or bake into their models and the rest will allow us to be flexible. But also as I mentioned it doesn’t in anyway prevent us from invested in our business our pipeline or M&A it be between our free cash flows as well as our access to borrowing capacity we don’t feel constrained in anyway by issuing a dividend.
Robin Washington: Hi Terence, I’ll start with the first part. We don’t really want to set a target, again as I mentioned earlier our focus will still be primarily share repurchases for shareholder returns and that’s the level and aggressiveness with which we do them will really be based on how we feel about our evaluations. If you look over the past several years, we returned about 50 a little over 50% of our free cash flow and based on our evaluation, I mean that’s an area that we’re comfortable with, but we reserve the right to ratchet that down overtime I think particularly as you think about a dividend for the second half you’d expect us lower share repurchases a bit.
John Milligan: Yes thanks for clarifying that. So it's pretty clear based on our field-based research and the comments from the doctors that there are a lot of people continuing to seek therapy who were denied therapy and it was getting pretty difficult through the last part of last year for patients even as high as F3 scores to get some treatment. So we believe based on this and trying to triangulate with the numbers that are in the public domain that there is a very considerable number of patients who will seek therapy for 2015 thus the numbers that we're talking about in terms of the potential of patients who could seek care. Looking beyond that we still feel that it is a number that’s pretty strong is the 1.6 million people who are currently diagnosed and have been under care at least at some point in the past and we see there is great opportunity for Gilead in future years to drive those patients into care. And so there are a number of program that we'll be embarking upon this year. Educational campaigns, with things like primary care not with the intent of them treating but with referring and identifying the disease and all the way through advertising campaigns that in 2016, 2017 and 2018 and beyond and probably a number of years beyond that we will continue to strive those patients into care. I think additionally as these therapies have gotten both more affordable for the system and better because of the simplicity of use we will see those other patients that roughly 3 million to 4 million people who are out there. The additional two plus million who are out there or above the 1.6 we'll also have an opportunity to seek care and we do see a great opportunity to drive those patients. So we do see this as a long-term sustainable business based on what we’ve seen to-date despite the rapid influx that we saw in 2014 and the continued influx that we anticipate in 2015.
John Milligan: In Europe the situation is actually quite sustainable I think for a number of years. What we're seeing our commitments from the public sectors to treat a certain number of patients and in most of those cases it's a considerable higher number of patients and have historically been treated. But when we look at the denominator the total number of patients who could be treated this is something that plays out roughly 10 to 15 years or in the cases some of the high prevalence countries like Italy even beyond that. So we do think it is quite a sustainable market through Europe.
John Milligan: And Yaron, we’re just not going to be able to give you any greater conformation of any specific discount, I just want to remind you of a couple of things, this is a blended discount that is across those Sovaldi and Harvoni inclusive of public and private and I want to remind you as Paul said in the lot of these private negotiation this were related to certain relaxation of restrictions so that more patients could get access and so that was factored into this as well, but other than that I can’t give any more color on what the exact specific discount would be.
John Martin: So Mark let's just start with the first part of that question in terms of what our guidance provides and so there is a specific patient number that I'm going to give to you. What we have in there is the range of different prices depending on the mix of private to public and there are a range of different discounts offered across all those areas. There is a range of market share assumptions that we have put in there and then of course there is a range of patient numbers in there and I thought the AbbVie sort of general range of patients was a reasonable one we think there could be capacity to go up as Paul said up to $250,000 but our assumption on total patient numbers isn’t actually $250,000 it's less than that. Sorry $250,000 patients it’s less than that, so it's fair to say that there is a range of things that will come into play and that will determine how we do on a quarter and on yearly basis as we hit that different mix of patients across those segments. Your second question was about last year and about 70% of our patients last year came from the private sector.
John Martin: This year we're not actually sure because there is a number, so I can't tell you that number because there is too many factors that flux right now. Including the different contracts that we and AbbVie are competing for in the Medicaid sectors we do anticipate that these contracts will get signed earlier than they have historical in fact some are being signed now. And so you will see a sort of historically if you think about Gilead it starts very private with our launches and then it eventually becomes to sort of a steady state with the public and private mix, we will get to that mix much more quickly this year because of the acceleration and the negotiations and so we should have a better handle on that as we get into Q2, but I don’t know exactly where it’s going to shake out right now because there are so many contracts in flux right now.
John Martin: So, we think that as of today and some of the negotiations are ongoing but about 60% of the covered lives across the U.S. have now been negotiated and signed on, and of that 60% Gilead we think has access or patients have access around 80% of those, of that 60% will access to Harvoni. The rest of the 40% is still in play. But I can say for the 60% part of covered lives that we are very confident that the terms that have been negotiated will last through the rest of this year. And as I already said those terms have been designed to increase access. So we do expect to see a significant number of patients increasing through those PBMs and payors compared to 2014.
John Martin: Well, I think the real life-data first of all on our products is going to be a key piece here. And I should say I would like to emphasize that in our negotiations already with payors most of those payors have really taken into consideration the highly differentiated product that we offer compared to competition and have made a full assessment of that. So I think we have to wait until we see the profile, the real-world profile of our existing competition and of course the data with the future competitors before we start. We are very-very confident in Harvoni with its one pill once a day and the ability to treat perhaps 50% of GT1 patients in the U.S. with just eight weeks with no need for ribavirin issues, no need for drug-drug interaction issues with tenofovir and for most classes of patients absolutely fine to take Harvoni unlike our competitors. So I think time will tell a little bit before we can see what happens.
John Martin: As John said in 2014 the proportion of private to public was about 70-30, we expect during 2015 it might be a little bit more public but I suspect it will be more in that type of proportion.
John Martin: Yes, we have negotiated for Sovaldi with most of the countries in Europe and these have not been on an exclusive basis, but the nature of the arrangements are tied directly to increasing access to patients. So we have volume type incentive to try and encourage a much higher number of patients treated going forward than has ever been seen in the past. So, I think our competition will be doing similar kinds of arrangements but again we are very-very confident in the clinical profile of our drug and we hope that will be very successful in Europe as we have been so far.
John Martin: It’s just too early, I think as a launch of the Viekira Pak is less than a month old, so we don’t really have any good data to suggest how our competition is fairing versus how we are fairing. So it’s too early to say in terms of how these parity deals are working out for either of us. And many of these things have just been point of high so it’s very early day so please be patient with us. You had mentioned also whether the eight week versus 12 week. It was our expectation and our continued expectation that in the initial launch of Harvoni far more patients to go on to 12-week than the eight-week because there were the more severely ill patients and that in fact is what we’ve seen that the very small percentage of patients perhaps that has used at least 20% of patients going on the eight weeks versus the 12-weeks. We do anticipate that that will increase overtime as restrictions go down and as less severely ill patients come onboard and those patients get benefit from the eight-week therapy.
John Martin: Yaron, yes, let me just talk about the European peace and I’ll hand back to John. So, the European part we’re seeing most of these agreements have only really been finalized in the last quarter of 2014. So, I would say, I would characterize Europe as really just beginning access to the majority of patients, and what we’ve tried to do though is with each of our agreements is work with the governments to assess that budgetary constraints, the prevalence of patients in the country and then tried to come to an arrangement which as John had alluded to earlier, probably the kind of longer-term approach to addressing their HCV challenge. So kind of lower proportion of the total diagnosed patients will be treated each year, but we do think there is going to be a significant increase in patients treated across Europe and we’re starting to see the first signs of that as we exit 2014.
John Martin: So I mean Ian, I think we’ve given you all the things that you need to model this, we’ve given you the specific gross to net, we’ve talked a little bit about where this eight-week versus 12 could come out, we think it could grow to close to half of U.S. patients, I can’t tell you how that’s going to play out during the course of this year as some doctors still prefer 12 and we don’t know what the percentage of patients with different underlying for gross disclosure would be that would preclude them from the eight-week. So it's challenging for us as it is for you, but I think we’ve given you the -- as many details as we can to build out a model to get to where we are in our guidance as well.
John Martin: Phil, I am trying to figure out how I would answer this question but what my expectations were, my expectation that overtime prices in this deal would go down based on two things; one would be, increased competition and the other would be decreasing time of therapy and both of those things are occurring and so I guess my expectation is that it came down a little bit more than we thought but at the end of the day we felt that it would come down to a level of about this for the treatment of HCV. And so I think we’re at about where we thought we would be in this area. On the Europe part, I think it was just proportionately we’re going to head, I mean I think overtime we’ll see Europe as a bigger proportion relative to the U.S. and that is partly because of the time lag on the regulatory process and agreeing pricing and really kind of Europe getting into a swing. But I would caveat that by just kind of repeating that there are these clear budget caps across European countries which will slow things down there. So, I think probably our HCV business will be proportionately same to the U.S. as it is in HIV overtime when we kind of get to that sort of steady state they and just to emphasize again we do see Europe as having a long sort of time tail to it. So we should see our business continue to grow there for many years.
John Martin: So right now that number is not a number that’s being managed. Paul did mention some things in Europe for their accounts. This is not a specific number that our managed care is working towards this is our estimation of what the capacity of this system would be and an estimation of what we think the patient inflows could be for 2015. The capacity of this system will depend on quite frankly on how well these products perform how many patients it cures and how many of the restrictions are really taken away for the physician and patient to get on therapy. And there are commitments that we have seen to remove those restriction we will have to wait to see how that plays out and whether those restrictions will capped at a certain level or not in the future. I don’t know beyond 2015 what our expectation is yet because I have to see how things perform in 2015 so it’s very difficult for us to predict.
John Martin: Yes Matt as I said negotiated with the aim of increasing access and we've submitted during those negotiations what I describe as a kind of big metrics in order to secure those agreements and those bid matrices encourage why the access base on fibrosis scores amongst other things. So the agreements we have signed will not be going to any specific ones do go as far as opening up to F0 but if actions don’t mean words then those rebates wouldn’t be given. So that’s kind of how we are looking at it. And I can confirm that in some agreements we have got full access signed up, in terms of fibrosis scores.
John Martin: Well we cannot go into any detail on that. I mean as John said earlier it’s a whole mix of product mix of payor mix of timing and it’s a calculation we have done but I wouldn’t want to equate that to any kind of access criteria.
John Martin: Well Brian we have put a lot of faith in a couple of data points, and so that would be my main concern there is if you are taking two points and drawing a line out for the future and there is a lot more variability that than, since we are just getting into the early part of a launch. So we will continue to monitor as will you and come up with some better idea what the long-term sustainable rate of patients is for the year.
John Martin: Brian there a are few genotype 1 I would say that Sovaldi according to the latest research we have which is mainly around quarter four I would say that about 30% of Sovaldi use is in genotype 1, but we would imagine that would disappear fairly quickly during quarter one and quarter two.
John Martin: Yes the European prices we are not going to go into any detail of any of our arrangements there between countries, what I can say is that we have public prices, list prices in several of the countries which are in the public domain most of those are underpinned by the positive endorsement that NICE gave in the UK which shows Sovaldi is the highly effective at that price. We do have and I have alluded to this some rebate arrangements in place which encourage significant increase of volumes in those countries. And I think that’s all I can really say about the European arrangements.
John Martin: F0 to F2 we don’t have very good data on this. What we do have data on is what the intension to describe rather than the prescriptions that are actually filled. So, I can say F0 to F2, the intention to describe as defined by prescriptions written in the U.S. is actually around -- a surprisingly high around 50%. We believe that the actual prescriptions filled for those fibrosis types is significantly lower historically because of all these restrictions that were put in place. So, we would anticipate that that number would increase during the first couple of quarters this year in line with the arrangements we’ve signed up.
John Martin: And the European capacity, I mean I said in my script, that so far up till the end of 2014 with just Sovaldi really in the EU we treated we think around 32,000 patients last year. Now we’ve only really timed up several of the governments on Sovaldi towards the end of last year and we’re moving fast with Harvoni and we would anticipate Harvoni being a far more attractive product because of its simplicity and all the other very clear benefits it has. So it's hard to say, but I think that we have got a substantial number of patients in Europe that could and should be treated it will depend somewhat on the budget tax as I’ve already alluded to how strictly those are enforced. But I think we have a large and healthy growing and sustainable market in Europe for many years.
John Martin: I think it's just a really hard question to answer, I am sorry, I can’t answer that, but I think that if you thought of a number north of a hundred thousand that would kind of seem logical.
John Martin: And Thomas your first question was about the missing bar in the waterfall and we just didn’t have any confidence in what number to put in for patients who are under care, we’re confident in the 1.6 million people who have been diagnosed, we do recognize that a number of those have soft care directly from that bar if you will and many of if any care over the course this year and sort of bypass that middle part of the waterfall and because it's such a fast moving field and because our data is a quarter to rare as we felt it was no longer representative and so we stopped using the draft ball together the last quarter, but brought back the diagnosed bar and the overall bars for more confident that those two numbers are reasonably accurate. We just can’t tell you who is in the care right now because it is moving so quickly.
John Martin: Josh there is a lot of pronouncements in there. We have certainly made great progress over the last year I think we continue to make great progress and have a very reasonable stable base of business. But as always we're going invest in numbers pipeline and continuing to bring products out we have some really interesting things going on as we announced today the MMP9 antibody is moving ahead because it shows activity in two different times of very interesting long-term diseases and we'll continue to invest in products by licensing. So I feel we have as Robin said the capability financially to buy back shares to pay dividends and to invest heavily in the pipeline for the future. I frankly never have felt like the Company has been in better shape in terms of our stable base of business and our way forward. So we'll continue to focus on that.
Norbert Bischofberger: And so Howard this is Norbert. Thanks for asking and non-gross to net non-capital allocation question. I really appreciate it. So, yes, we are looking at the three door combination in pan-genotypic and we are currently looking at four weeks, six weeks, cirrhotic, non-cirrhotic treatment experienced treatment naïve. You should see some of those data in EASL in April in Vienna. And based on the emerging data and it’s really just merging we will then make a decision to go into Phase III and that could happen sometime in the second half of this year, yes.
Norbert Bischofberger: Yes, it kind of goes without saying that all the combination we will doing the single-tablet regimens, yes.
Norbert Bischofberger: Yes, so Thomas it Norbert I’ll answer the last question first, quick. And so we’re looking at it in myelofibrosis, pancreatic and colorectal cancer in all of those three educations there was no activity and you're right in myelofibrosis we looked at histology at the end point and the other two indications that was PFS. But I would like to point out that it's -- myelofibrosis is biologically different from liver and pulmonary fibrosis and I do not think you can extrapolate those two diseases. So, we still have hope and somewhat confidence that it's different and we’ll see that in Phase II for NASH or PSC and for IPF.
