John F. Milligan, PhD: Thank you, Sung, and good afternoon, everyone. As you saw from our press release, I'll be stepping down as CEO and departing Gilead at the end of this year. It's been an honor to work here for my entire professional career and now that the company is on solid footing for the future, the board and I have agreed it is a good time to turn the reigns over to a new leader. You've seen the strong results from the second quarter. Beyond these numbers, I believe Gilead is in a position of tremendous strength. When I stepped into the role of CEO there were a number of things I wanted to accomplish on behalf of the company and I'm very pleased with the progress we have made. We have a growing HIV franchise and industry-leading cell therapy program and late-stage pipeline in inflammation and NASH. We've been working at a fast and unrelenting pace for many years, for me nearly three decades, and while I'm extremely proud of what this company has accomplished, I'm also looking forward to a well-deserved break and will move on to new and different opportunities. I want to emphasize that this does not change our mission or the strategic direction of our company and with the full faith and support of the Board of Directors we will continue to pursue and execute internal programs as well as external partnerships and transactions that further strengthen our pipeline and our business. As our press release described, I will be staying in my role until the end of the year while the board has a chance to conduct its search for a new CEO to lead Gilead into its next wave of growth. So let's get to the business at hand, the great results from this past quarter and I would like to now turn the call over to Robin.
John F. Milligan, PhD: You know, I will miss this. It's always been a pleasure to work with you guys, and I really enjoyed it over the years. And this is not my last call, so you'll have one more chance to pester me.
John F. Milligan, PhD: It's a good question, Geoff. I mean, the message that we're trying to send out here today is that we're very confident in our overall strategy. We are going to continue to be very, very active looking at transactions which can further our business, and I think it's fair to say we're never really satisfied with where we are. We're always seeking to do more, faster, and we'll continue to try to do that. And so we have a very active business development team. You'll see many things coming to fruition in the second half of this year. The announcement today is not going to slow us down, and the board has given us the go-ahead to move with these transactions if they meet our criteria. So I'm confident in the baseline. I'm never satisfied, and I know my team is not satisfied and we will continue to move forward. And so that's our message.
John F. Milligan, PhD: You know, it's a good question, Michael. If you think about my background and my history, I've been here for a long time, from the time the company was a private start-up to the $100 billion market cap company we are today, and so I've seen a lot of growth. But I've been pretty limited in my exposure, and I think the next leader should be somebody who brings expertise, scientific, commercial or other, into new opportunities for us to grow, for example, people who've launched products into new markets such as we're doing NASH or people who really know how to compete in the oncology area, where I have less experience. And so I think we are looking for a new leader who will bring new ideas, previous history and experiences we don't have, and one who will take the baton from me and move it forward for the company and for the patients we serve. And so I would look for somebody like that.
John F. Milligan, PhD: Geoff, why don't I start out with this? I mean you mentioned 2022, but we see this as a growing franchise well beyond 2022. We think that the TAF-based regimens will be the backbone of choice for patients. We think Biktarvy will be a very, very large successful product, and we see great opportunities for a number of areas to treat more patients. There still aren't all patients in the United States who are under treatment, and with the simplification, we continue to think that we can expand the number of patients who will be treated across the United States. As Andrew mentioned, we're making great progress in our long-acting products. I think there's a significant segment of patients who aren't treated today who would choose an every-three-month option. We're very, very encouraged by the pharmaco-kinetic data we're seeing for this molecule. It is a very interesting opportunity for us to grow the field beyond the 750,000 patients treated in the United States to a much higher number. And so I see great opportunities for us to extend and expand the range of that. And I'll turn it over to Robin for her thoughts.
John F. Milligan, PhD: Andrew, I think it's fair to say that it's a very, very rigorous analysis to really make sure that there is no resistance.
John F. Milligan, PhD: First of all, thank you, Robyn, for those kind words and I'm not sure that I ever thought NASH wasn't a market. I think we've done a lot of digging. We've been doing a lot of early market development work-around NASH, understanding the doctors, the populations, the kinds of diagnostic tests that will be necessary across the different fibrosis scores, trying to really understand what is the best right medical way to get into this area because we're going to have to establish the market, as I think we are likely to be the first drug launched into NASH. So I think we've got a pretty good understanding of the patients. We have a pretty good understanding of the differing opportunities for the F2 through F4 populations, so I think it has a considerable potential to be a big market for the field and for us, and so I think we're pretty confident in that area. You asked about M&A, do we have enough molecules? I would say we never feel like we have enough molecules in any area, which is why we continue to innovate in HIV for more than two decades and why we'll continue to look for things that make sense in combination with or adjacent to our portfolio in NASH. So we're kind of relentless in that area.
John F. Milligan, PhD: Yeah, that's a great question. Nick, I think it was if we caught your name. So we believe that it is standalone. We believe that the gamma data TCR constructed or engineered into the alphabeta T cell will have all of the advantages of both, properties of both of those cells which will allow us to explore them individually in terms of both hamartiological and also solid malignancy so that's a very short answer to a very complex question but that will be our initial approach and that is the initial program that we'll collaborate on.
John F. Milligan, PhD: Okay. So Phil, its John, and I will talk about the KITE-585 program first which is in Phase 1, dose installation, as you know in people with relapse refractory myeloma. So we will see data as we've said on the slides in the second half of this year and then we will make a decision depending on how the data looks compared to the other data that's come out from other similar BCMA products and determine whether we will take it forward into Phase 2 and that's where we are right now. But we see the value in exploring it, in patients with relapsed refractory myeloma, of course. We have cohorts with people with renal impairment as well, which is also important. Many of these people have renal impairment, so we will also be looking at that as well we have a lot of support from the community we have a single-chain variable fragment that's fully humanized as you know and we have activity in low BCMA expressing targets as well so we'll have to wait and see where the Phase 1 data is and we'll make a decision later this year about moving on to the more registrational trial.
John F. Milligan, PhD: Tyler, I don't think – we have an exceptional group of scientists who spend a lot of time thinking about the manufacturing process and how it can be improved so the product has more active greater efficacy, safer and so forth. So as Robin said I'll just reiterate, I mean what we've seen in ZUMA-1 is what we're seeing in clinical practice as well and we are not having a lot of out of specification issues, et cetera. So in terms of freezing products or not freezing products that's not really an issue for this. Products can be frozen if the cells need to be collected and shipped and sent a long distance to somebody that's very remote. Our product could be frozen. That would take an additional day to do.
Robin L. Washington: So maybe I'll start with the last question, and then turn it over to Andrew to talk about IAS, Brian. No, the performance in Q2 was demand-driven and inventory was stable, right? Wholesaler days on hand remained consistent between Q1, Q2, and I'd say, again, inventory was commensurate with demand.
Robin L. Washington: I think you've covered it, John. And, Geoff, as you've seen, relative to the conversion of Descovy-based products it's been very, very good surge with over 70% in the U.S., 60% in the EU and, as John said, and Andrew and team are continuing to go forth with new innovation and new development, so we're very confident in our ability to continue to grow this franchise even through long-term LOEs. I think innovation of HIV is Gilead, and that'll stay true to what we will always, I think, excel at.
Robin L. Washington: Let me just finish, operator, I think Phil asked one question regarding payer mix in HIV for Q2 that I want to be sure I address. And Phil, to be specific you're right, you recall that – if you think about our HIV franchise is typically slanted more to the government payer mix driven by the ADAPs, and that's been fairly consistent, there's always a little variability in there, but overall when you think about it, it's typically a mix of 45% commercial and 55% government. In Q2 we saw that mix more equal, i.e., 50-50, so what I was messaging is if you think about the second half of that normalizes, we quantified it to be approximately about $150 million. It's always tough to be exact because it's really based on some reimbursements and remakes that come in, you know, typically after the quarter-ends so we're always estimating, but we just wanted to be cautious and transparent that if that shifts back to what we normally see it could be a slight headwind relative to sequential growth for U.S. HIV. Overall, robust growth year-on-year, it's simply an adjustment between quarters, but very much factored into our guidance and again, it's just a slightly larger tilt relative to that mix than we've typically seen in the past.
Robin L. Washington: Hi Tyler, maybe I'll start, but I think we can all chime in. Yeah, I mean, we overall are very excited relative to our progress of the Yescarta launch. Our centers, as I mentioned, are on track relative to our coverage. We're focused on bringing additional centers online. And similar to what you said we're really focused on improving the patient flows and just being sure that our centers are focused on our manufacturing process continuing to be excellent and we have good turnaround times. I'd say overall that our commercial performance has been generally consistent with what we've seen in the ZUMA-1 studies, so we're very confident making good progress; remember we've talked about this being a nice, slow and steady launch. I talked in my prepared remarks about us focused on reimbursement. So overall a very good launch and tracking very good relative to expectations. Maybe I'll turn it over to John to talk about some of the other issues you mentioned.
Robin L. Washington: So maybe, Katherine, I'll take the HCV question. Yeah. You know, we're excited. Epclusa was recently approved in China. I think it's still very early days there, but we're excited about the possibilities outside of Europe and the U.S. We've got also international sales in Japan, Canada, Australia, as well as several countries in Asia and while there are quarterly fluctuations from country to country, I think overall we continue to establish ourselves in those markets, similar to what we have done in the U.S. and Europe. So as you can see, overall we're on track with our guidance, more stability and predictability, and I think with Epclusa, right, which is the only pan-genotypic pan type (01:00:05) product single-tablet regimen out there, I think we're well poised with our portfolio of products to be successful globally with our HCV franchise.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Ying. So I'll start. Again, as I mentioned on the call, I think our HIV franchise is firing on all cylinders. It's positioned extremely well to deliver on long-term growth. And when I think about guidance, again, we reiterated our guidance and feel very comfortable with it. But as I mentioned on the call, we do anticipate second half dynamics to be slightly different. So there's nothing new about those dynamics, but we did want to ensure that, you know, that you understood for modeling purposes kind of some of those components. And then, as I said for HIV in the U.S., we may have payer mix shift more to what normally occurs. But other than that, things are very good there. We do have the patent for Letairis in the U.S. which expires at the end of July, so we do anticipate some impact from generics for that product in the U.S. Turning to Europe, generics are available, and we do expect them to become available in a few additional countries. And we have the normal third quarter seasonality in Europe related to summer holidays, and that impacts both our HIV as well as our HCV franchise. And we also have the slow, steady decline of HCV patient starts. So I do want to emphasize that we expect our U.S. HIV prescription growth and revenue growth on a year-on-year basis that continue to be very, very healthy and robust, but we're reiterating our guidance because all those factors that we talked about at the beginning of the year still remain.
Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD: Yeah, Brian, it's Andrew. And I think when we look at the GEMINI data coming out of the Amsterdam meeting from yesterday's presentation, I think we've all seen the results and we still remain interested in better understanding the resistance profile of a two-drug regimen, given some of the methodological differences that we're seeing in patients who may have had virologic failure before week 24 that were excluded from the analysis. I think when we think about the looking at the big picture for two-drug regimens, in particular of dolutegravir and lamivudine, we are interested in understanding what the long-term resistance profile is as highlighted by some of the recent JULUCA data that highlighted resistance development past week 48. So we'll be very interested to understand how GEMINI regimens work in the real world and are continuing to focus on its – the potency in a two-drug regimen, especially one which has viral load limitations in clinical studies.
Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD: Geoff, its Andrew. And I would just only add that when one thinks about the growth rate, one really has to factor the 250,000 to 300,000 Americans who know that they're living with HIV, yet are not receiving any form of anti-retroviral therapy. And so there are many reasons for that. But one of them is that, as I highlighted, the oral therapies may not work for where they are in their life at this point. But as we know, HIV progresses without the anti-retroviral control, and so the capsid is something we're very, very excited about given its profile. In addition, when we think about Biktarvy, I think we – just adding some color to what we've seen to date is that we've seen Biktarvy open doors for us that really we haven't seen. Multiple examples of doctors or practices that have been closed to us for more than five years that, with the profile that we've seen with Biktarvy, no resistance as well as once daily small tablets plus well-tolerated unboosted integrase inhibitors with few drug interactions, that has really made a difference in how physicians and patients look at this compound. And we've also seen institutions create therapeutic exceptions for Biktarvy to enter their institutions because of its profile.
Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD: So, Matthew, thank you for the very good question. It's a very technical one, but I think on – when it came to resistant samples, we began looking at resistant samples at week 8. And with an integrase inhibitor they've come down quite rapidly. We did not require patients to discontinue for them to be what we call a resistance analysis population, so anyone with a viral load after they suppressed of greater than 50 we put into our resistance analysis population. So we looked at them, and we used the second sample to quantify whether or not – because the first patient would come in, they had a greater than 50 viral load, then we'd proceed to get the second confirmatory sample and send that off for analysis.
Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD: No. Right, John. I think that's right, and I think we're very comfortable with the strong resistance profile of Biktarvy. And as you know, we're very close to presenting 96-week data in upcoming scientific conference.
Andrew Cheng, MD, PhD: Perfect. That's a good point, John, for example, for our European patients we will freeze the cells and send them in, so it's not our practice in the United States but it is certainly possible and we have quite a bit of experience doing that. I think you said something about payment on-demand, I just want to reiterate that we take on the cells, we manufacture them and we only charge the patient if that patient gets those cells. So if something happens in the interim, for example, the patient expires then there is no charge to the family.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Okay. So it's John speaking, and I'll address in terms of the Phase 3 STELLAR trials in NASH, there is no interim analysis. The interim analysis is the endpoint – one of the interim analyses is the endpoint for approval and the subpart H, which is the week 48 biopsy. The study actually continues for five years. We do have a D&C, of course, that looks at all the safety data regularly. So if there was any obvious safety signal in the risk/benefit change, we would know about that, and so far we've not had any recommendations to change either of those Phase 3 studies in terms of their conduct. In terms of filgotinib and the male safety study, we're enrolling the study it's something that we have to address. We believe our margin is adequate above and beyond the minor histological abnormalities that we're seeing in the pre-clinical models and we'll evaluate the data as it comes in.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Cory, it's John McHutchison and we actually have scientific advisory board here, all of our Kite development docs were here and we were talking about this and I actually asked them this specific question as to whether they're seeing anything different with the commercial products and so forth and there isn't a difference.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Yeah. Katherine, it's John again, and just to follow up from Robin, before I answer the hepatitis B strategy question, Epclusa is the simplest regimen to use. It's one duration, as Robin said. You don't need a liver biopsy, you don't need a genotype. So in terms of all the products out there, it's far simpler. And the efficacy is the same as some of the others, as you know. So there's no compromise there. In terms of the grand strategy for hepatitis B, I think it's similar to your notes. We want to be able to attack multiple different mechanisms of viral replication, and we want to be able to augment HBV specific immunity. We have two new programs in the clinic. One is the TLR8 molecule. And the other one is our capsid, also that's in early stages in the clinic. We have now SB92 – Spring Bank 9200 collaboration in two Phase 2 trials, one with tenofovir and one with TAF. We have many free clinical programs looking at other mechanisms of action also in both of those axises. And of course we have Vemlidy, which is approved and doesn't have any issues with bone or kidneys, as you know, in more than 50 countries. So it's one of our largest internal research programs and we're passionate about trying to create a finite cure for many people, the many millions of people with hepatitis B around the world.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Ying, for the second part of the question in terms of the filgotinib filing time, obviously we'll file as expeditiously as we can. But just let me make three points. First of all, we need safety and efficacy data from three randomized Phase 3 trials and that has to be supportive. Secondly, we need, and as I said today on the prepared comments, we need an adequate safety database in terms of exposure at each stage both for a predetermined range of time. And thirdly, we need to submit data from the male safety study, which is enrolling. And, you know, these are tough studies to do. You've got to have men with ulcerative colitis and they have to be on the drug for six months and have multiple sperm collections. So we're doing everything we can to enhance enrollment and we will announce the details when it's appropriate in terms of the filing time.
