John Milligan: Geoff its John Milligan. Yes that’s a complicated question that you gave us there. So a number of things are being done of course, we have had a number of healthcare economic outcome research programs that we’ve commissioned and have published. We’re talking about the revalue of Sovaldi. There is clearly a lively debate within the press. There is a lively debate within the payer community and of course the interest of Washington on this. It is just now really that we’re starting to see some of the benefits of Sovaldi and we’ve been talking about this during the script, the fact that we can estimate that over 9,000 patients have now being cured in our commercial programs, that we’ve cured over 6,000 patients across a wide range of disease stage in HCV and our hepatitis clinical trial programs. And we’re starting to see some of these benefits. So this is the leading edge of benefit that you will see and that will clearly accelerate as we get into later in the years, more and more patients will have reach that important time point of 12 weeks past of their treatment periods. So I think there’ll be a positive momentum and a positive series of stories coming out of that which will be quite helpful. Of course the discussions with the payors center around the volumes that they are seeing. I don’t think anybody disagrees with the fact that Sovaldi is a remarkable drug, it’s been called an outlier in some segments, I agree with it. It’s an outlier, because we’re curing people of horrible disease in a very rapid timeframe and that’s a very unusual thing for payors to think about. So we have noticed some positive movement of some payors indicated that they have budget in the second half of this year for this product, that is not been universal but we’re in discussions with them and talking about Sovaldi use and importantly the next generation product ledipasvir, sofosbuvir coming forward. Interestingly, if you picked up on Paul’s script, we’ve noticed that the interferon regimens are becoming increasingly important. I think it is important that a high percentage of patients to be getting Sovaldi plus simeprevir indicating that all regimens are being approved by the payors and are considered important part of the way to treat these diseases going forward. As it’s a long answer to your long question. And the final part with regard to things like the Senate we of course are complying with their request for information and look forward to the opportunities to discuss the value of Sovaldi with members of the senatorial staff.  
John Milligan: And your second question about pricing, this is John Milligan. These are always complicated things to think about in terms of the value that a product brings. The types of patients that would be appropriate for and the appropriate level of pricing based on that. And so due to things that we have to take into consideration as well as the external environment we’re in and the competitive nature of future residents when we think about pricing. All those will factor into what the ultimate pricing decision will be on a fixed dose combination. So I obviously can’t tell you more than that because these things can’t be talked about until after approvability, but these are the various factors that we used to think about that at ultimate price.
John Milligan: Just income highlight the second part of your question about the accelerated amount of cash generation change thinking about bringing in our pipeline. Really the cash generation isn’t material to our thinking this way. We have a lot of good things in the pipeline, as John Martin mentioned. He was only able to highlight a few of the many exciting things that are going on in our pipeline. We never had so many things going forward as we do today and we feel very, very confident in the pipeline that we have today. So our focus will be on selective deals in order to augment our pipeline in certain key areas. But with all the things going on so well, we fell that there isn’t a strong need to do anything more than that.
John Milligan: I’ll take this question. So single tablet regimen growth Robyn both in the U.S. and in Europe continues a nice steady trajectory upwards. We’re seeing some switches out of the fab ring (ph) contained products within our single-tablet regimen. So patients are switching out of Atripla to some extent that is fairly slow and the majority, the vast majority of those switches out of Atripla are coming to either Stribild or Complera in the US or Eviplera in Europe. So we are pretty comfortable with that and pleased the way things are going. Your question on TAF is really too early stage because the data coming out of the Phase 3 studies will be highly instructive as to the feature of our single tablet regimen treatment going forward.
John Milligan: It’s very stable, I can’t confirm the number you just quoted but I think it’s ahead of low single digit levels and we are comfortable with that.
John Milligan: Hey Josh, it’s John Milligan. So we did talk to payers about the impact I think they frankly thought they were going to see something was much more like a vertex launch for Incivek and so they were surprised that the knowledge is a product launch at such a high rate but also that will continue to grow where it is popped out very quickly with Incivek which is of course going to happen and a drug that is a high touch point for physicians with lots of labor necessary and long duration of treatment. So, I think that is simply didn’t understand technically what happens if we only treat patients for 12 weeks and so they clearly understands a dynamic much better now, they understand also that the demand for all oral regimen is very high so the interest is high and I hope that will be preparing for this but it’s hard for me to know exactly what they are going to do and how they are going to think about something like our all oral picks those combination which is coming out later this year.
John Milligan: Well, I don’t know if it’s been the prime driver it’s better to speak to the payors individual to have been saying these things and to me I don’t know if it’s going to have abatement next year or not I do know that has the value story growth I think that will be a greater appreciation that affect these patients have been appeared a lot of ancillary problems that they had will simplified and we believe that over time the healthcare system will save a lot of money by these patients being healthy again.
Norbert Bischofberger: Hi Jeff, it’s Norbert; I will take your first question. The renew of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir is moving ahead nicely. We’ve had all the unusual questions from agency about clinical CMC, we have had clinical inspections that are done manufacturing and certain at this point, it’s all moving ahead nicely but it would be too much to speculate about the approval date. All we really know for certain is that PDUFA date is October 10.
Norbert Bischofberger: Mark, its Norbert. Very quickly to remind you, we actually disclosed data from a NIH study which was in early month this quarter and there we show that you can indeed take six weeks of three drugs, so in that case protease inhibitor 9451 (ph) ledipasvir/sofosuvir and you get a 100% cure rates. Of course in operating new dose data before we quite a while before we presented it so we have undertaken now to look at eight weeks in Sovaldi patients, we are looking at six weeks in Sovaldi patients, we are looking at four weeks in naive patients both takes three drugs and four drugs, you will see some of these data that are emerging hopefully at ASLD. It’s been we see that at certain regimen as the profile that we hope that it has to happen remember the hurdle bar has gone way up below 95% I don’t think we will consider anything taken forward into Phase 3. We can then move fairly very quickly into phase 3 with whatever regimen we decide we want to do that the experiment on.
Norbert Bischofberger: So your question about reimbursement and denial of care, I mean we do have a significant number of patients who are getting some form of help from Gilead especially through patient assistance programs we do know that prior authorizations are being used in most of the plans, especially the Medicaid plans with a sense to slow down the rate of patients coming in to care and then we also know that this is now delaying putting patients on treatment, waiting for the fixed dose combination. So, it’s a difficult thing to say who’s being denied versus who’s being delayed waiting for the all oral regimens to come on the market. It is difficult and I don’t know that we’ll have a better answer for you anytime in the future either.
Norbert Bischofberger: So Ian quickly the approvable end point and I’m simply telling you about the conversations we’ve had with FDA as little as six months ago, US FDA felt that histology even for accelerated approval is not an approvable end point, they wanted to have some clinical evidence of efficacy and after a lot of conversations and forth involving experts, FDA agreed that changes in hepatic Venus pressure gradient at 48 weeks they would accept as a clinical end point and that’s the study we’re doing right now. Our study in NASH with people with cirrhosis actually uses hepatic Venus pressure gradient that week 48 as the end point, and that will of course -- we have to have a NASH study in bridging fibrosis patients and in those patients it will be histology. But the histology would be kind of the link between the two studies so that ultimately the end point must be hepatic Venus pressure gradient. Ian having that said FDA could change their mind, so I am simply telling you what we were told six months ago.
Norbert Bischofberger: We look into two solid tumor studies of course the end point is PFS and we will be looking for a convincing difference of PFS on the active arms versus the placebo and how convincing I can’t tell you. Also both of them are have two doses of Simtuzumab 200 and 700 milligram. IV every two weeks and what would nice disease some dose response anybody something that would convince us to spend the money and time and resources going to phase 3 and as you may also know the end point in the myelofibrosis study is histology so again, we will be looking at something that just convince us that its worthwhile to put these drugs into further development. How important these things are, I would say very important I mean I always said with Simtuzumab it’s high risk because it’s a novel target and as you know the lot of drugs against novel targets had never gone anywhere but if it works, this could be the really really useful drug for solid tumors. So, we are looking forward to learning more about the phase 2 data and that should happen in the October the second half of this year.
John Martin: And Jeff, on your question about TAF clearly this drug is not approved yet and we haven’t completed our clinical trials and data really will instruct this on how this is going to play out? I think it’s worth mentioning though that single-tablet regimen are way ahead in our opinion and we hope very much that the data coming out of the tough trials will underscore the importance of get out single-tablet regimen.
John Martin: Yeah hi, Brian. So, we have ledipasvir/sofosbuvir reports that’s under review that’s genotype 1, initial approval, we have 5816 sofosbuvir combination that it’s going into phase 3 and you will see some then very soon in the second half on clean trials then we have HIV a genotype 1 specific protease inhibitor 9451 and right we have a genotype 1 specific NS5B non-nucleus side inhibitor 9669. In addition, we are now moving very soon into Phase II, with a expansion of the protease inhibitor. So again to summarize all of this we are aiming for a genotypic regimen that either can be three drugs and it’s probably going to be sofosbuvir with 5816 and the expansion of the big protease inhibitor. And we just have to establish the minimum treatment duration and we are conscious that we want to be the treatment duration not only for treatment naïve non-cirrhotic patients to be shorter but also more difficult to treat treatment experience and cirrhotic patients to apply the same concept. And again we hope if everything goes well we will go into a larger Phase 2 study in the second half of this year or if we so choose, we could use 9451 and go directly into Phase 3. That all depends on what the emerging data looks like.
John Martin: Okay. And just add the comments on the fibrosis scores, this data is inaccurate I would say, but our best estimate is it around 40% of patients are F3, S4, 60% patients treated to date are zero to F3. We don’t have data on the cirrhotic level. But I did mention earlier that 80% of the patients treated are new to treatment, so consequently 20% are experienced patients and with the sicker ones.
John Martin: With regard to the number of patients diagnosed and we are seeing certainly and your probably right about this as well a lot of doctors now reaching out the patients to have previously been diagnosed but have not been under care in the last 12 months. So that’s why you see that numbers shift. The learning patients know that new options are available and better options are coming so there has been an increase in the number patients seeking care. So I think that’s been an important dynamic that we're witnessing, just really the beginning of this as we’re launching Sovaldi and as this is now become available in certain plans and certain stage.  We are confident that the increased cure rates it is treatment and the very important regimens that act more broadly across different types of patients will encourage patients to go get tested and bringing the care as well. So we think two thing will happen, one we’ll test the higher percentage of people increasing the diagnose number and those patients who diagnosed will eventually seek care. I have to say the controversy Sovaldi is a constant daily reminder the patients it gives a very important new option available for them as well and I have to think that’s been helpful as well. So we have a high degree of confidence in the future that more and more people now seeking care from the herpetologist as they have those options available.
John Martin: Yaron, your first question is kind of a broad one, has this ever happened in the industry and I don’t know that I can speak to that, I certainly can’t think of any situations that are similar to this. Although this drug is different than other drugs you know in many ways we were in the HIV field we were limiting the patients who are coming -- via guidelines not specifically through FDA labeling, so there were consideration there that we’re not part of the FDA label and that’s the one that comes to mind. Obviously we’ve broadened those guidelines over time as the medicines got better and doctors got more comfortable putting patients on a higher and higher CD4 count and I think that’s probably most analogous. But again since it’s the care market we know you can make rational choices about who should come onto care today knowing that eventually you’ll be able to get to all the patients, even though that may take many-many years to do so and will naturally take many-many years. I think the second part of your question was about pricing and so simply, we can’t comment on pricing, our thoughts around pricing for an unapproved product and so I can’t really comment and won’t speculate on the outcomes that may happen with regard to that.
John Martin: Brian, again we are not going to speculate on any pricing or regimens in the future that have been tested, we have a lot of options within our own regimens and we will undoubtedly options with the combinations of regimens in the future as there is the potential to get down to shorter and shorter durations certainly we have already shown that six weeks is possible at their own combinations until there maybe others that can get better as well. But I don’t want to I’m not going to publicly speculate about what we might not do with regard the pricing in the future we’ll just have to see how these things play out and we’ll make decisions accordingly in the future.
John Martin: Thomas, we obviously thought a lot about this and so if you look at the totality of the VF data I think we can comfortably and confidently say that the BMD effects overall are not clinically relevant. We can also say that with the exception of a few patients that this continues also small degree of decrease in creatinine clearance does not have any clinically significant effects. So I don’t think we’re going to see this in the Phase 3 study Thomas but I think what we will see will be what we saw regular Phase 2 study that there will much less or no decrease in BMD, there will be much less or no decrease in creatinine clearance but I think with the clinical relevant is from the renal impairment study. We have a study about 290 patients where we are testing the easier ECF TAF rate down to creatinine clearance of 30. And that would be a really important point if you could see there is no renal effect in laboratory while there is no BMD effect, moreover you don’t have to dose or dose interval just down to creatinine clearance of 30 and if the regulatory authority accept this we also don’t have to do regular creatinine checks. So I think it would be a very safe much more -- physicians and patients would feel more comfortable with this and then we would be ahead, if we didn’t have these laboratory abnormalities.
John Martin: Yes so, Terrence just quickly from a -- you know I can’t give you specific numbers but qualitatively of course you know that the HIV population in the US and in other parts of the world is aging. With increasing age creatine or renal function declines and this will be just more convenient and safe for use of the drug if you have borderline creatinine clearance of 60 or 50 you will not worry about any adverse, renal adverse events to be happening with TAF whereas [indiscernible] as you know has to be dosed in a well adjusted when you come down to creatinine clearance of 50 or 70 in case of Stribild.
John Martin: Thank you, Sam and thank you all for joining us today, we appreciate your continued interest in Gilead and the team here looks forward to providing you with updates on our future progress.
Paul Carter: I think that’s really hard question Michael. It’s going to be a different timing its reality because the countries in Europe are going to be slow to reimburse and improve the product. But I think the prevalence in Europe is just marginally below the U.S. So I think in volume terms the numbers could end up being very similar, the price point in Europe, it’s going to be slightly less than Europe the ASP probably. So I think we can figure out -- the numbers are going to be fairly similar, some of the US probably slightly bigger than Europe in the end. It’s spread over on the timeframe.
Paul Carter: I think I will have to come back to you on the fibrosis scores though, I don’t know the answer to that. This is Paul by the way. I was thinking about the fixed dose combination pricing, we haven’t come to a conclusion yet but I do think philosophically we feel the majority of the value in the fixed dose combination is within Sovaldi. 
Paul Carter: I just like to add that our commercial scene has been preparing for Idelalisib launch a quite a well now. We have a fully recruited team with recruited some very high kind of the people from companies that have high levels oncology experience while they seem trained they are in field and they are promoting the product as of today, we’re really very excited about it.
Paul Carter: Yes, and maybe I can just comment on the pricing question to Steve in Europe, so, the product that is affected is Atripla and we price Atripla on a one plus one basis. What we have seen is the branded prices, Sustiva has followed down to some extent the generic price of generic efavirenz, nevertheless the price of Atripla we managed to keep above slight that one plus one level and that recognizes the value of the single tablet regimen, and as I said also earlier where patients are switching out of Atripla for CNS reasons associated with efavirenz, most of those switches are coming to Gilead products notable 70% in quarter 2 went to Eviplera.
