Robin L. Washington: Thanks, Sung, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased to share our results for the third quarter of 2016. I'll first review our financials, and Kevin, Norbert, and John will then make a few comments. Total revenues for the third quarter were $7.5 billion, with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.75. This compares to revenues of $8.3 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share of $3.22 for the same period last year. Product sales for the third quarter were $7.4 billion, down 10% year-over-year and down 3% sequentially. These declines were due to lower HCV sales, partially offset by increased sales in HIV and other therapeutic areas. Sequentially, declines in our HCV sales in the U.S., Japan and Europe were partially offset by increases in U.S. HIV and other product sales. Turning to the U.S. Product sales for the third quarter were $5.1 billion, down 9% year-over-year. HCV product sales were $2 billion, down 37% year-over-year, driven primarily by lower patient starts for Harvoni and lower revenues per patient, primarily due to a higher percentage of sales to more deeply discounted segments. The decline was partially offset by demand for Epclusa, which was launched at the end of Q2 2016 and generated $593 million in its first full quarter of sales. Sequentially, our HCV product sales were down 12%. These sales were essentially flat compared to the second quarter, excluding the favorable adjustment to our HCV sales return of $279 million that we made last quarter. HIV and other antiviral sales increased 32% year-over-year and 19% sequentially. The quarterly revenues of $2.6 billion were positively impacted by strong uptake of our TAF-based regimen and a one-time favorable adjustment of $332 million to our rebate reserve, primarily related to our TDF-based regimen. Without the adjustment, U.S. HIV and other antiviral sales grew 15% year-over-year and 4% sequentially. Turning to Europe. Product sales for the third quarter were $1.4 billion, down 16% year-over-year, primarily due to lower HCV patient starts and unfavorable currency movement. Sequentially, sales were down 12%, primarily driven by lower HCV patient starts and summer seasonality, consistent with the usual decreases in demand during the European summer holiday month. In Japan, product sales for the third quarter were $452 million, flat year-over-year, driven by higher sales of Harvoni, which was launched in September 2015, offset by mandatory price reductions for both Sovaldi and Harvoni, which we discussed during our last call. Sequentially, sales were down 27% as a result of lower Harvoni and Sovaldi patient starts. Now turning to expenses. Non-GAAP R&D expenses were $981 million for the third quarter, up 38% compared to the same period last year, primarily due to the progression of our clinical studies which included a $200 million milestone expense associated with our purchase of Nimbus. Non-GAAP SG&A expenses for the third quarter were down 8% compared to the same period last year, primarily due to lower branded prescription drug fee expense. From a balance sheet perspective, during the third quarter we generated cash flows from operations of $4.3 billion and ended the quarter with $31.6 billion in cash and investments, which is inclusive of the issuance of $5 billion of senior unsecured notes. We have a healthy balance sheet to invest in our pipeline and external opportunities. While our cash flows will remain strong, we do anticipate a sequential decrease in Q4 2016 due to required cash payments related to accrued government rebates as well as milestone payments associated with our R&D pipeline. Shareholder return via dividends and share repurchases year-to-date remain strong. In the third quarter, we repurchased 11.7 million shares for $1 billion under the $12 billion 2016 share repurchase program. For 2016, the total share repurchases through the third quarter were 110 million shares at a cost of $10 billion. Year-over-year, we have seen an 11% decline in our diluted shares, primarily driven by our share repurchases. Finally, we are reiterating our full year 2016 guidance which was revised on July 25, 2016 and summarized on slide 27 in the earnings results presentation available on our corporate website. As a reminder, guidance for product sales is subject to a number of uncertainties, including an uncertain global macroeconomic environment, adoption of additional pricing measures to reduce HCV spending, volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, inaccuracy in HCV patient start estimates, additional competitive launches in HCV, an increase in discounts, chargebacks and rebates due to ongoing contracts and future negotiations with commercial and government payers, and a larger-than-anticipated shift in payer mix to more highly discounted payer segments, such as DHS, FFS, Medicaid, and the VA. I would like to turn the call over to Kevin now.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Geoff. So I'll start on a reverse order and address the buyback first. We really look at buybacks on a long-term perspective, which is pretty much what I mentioned during the last quarter call. So we're still very comfortable where we are. We did front-load a significant component of our share buybacks. As a matter of fact, I think just in the first quarter we did more than the entire three quarters of 2015. And we messaged very early on that we would see those decline towards the second half of this year, very much in alignment with John's comments on being prepared for M&A. It's still clearly part of our capital allocation strategy along with dividends. So I think balancing that with overall looking for growth is something that we're still focused on doing. And as John mentioned, these things take time to play themselves out. I'll let Kevin answer the inventory question. But I think to your question of operating margins, yeah, the quarterization of our margins do get impacted by revenue dynamics as well as expenses. Keep in mind, R&D had a $200 milestone payment this quarter included that. Overall, I think our margins still remain high – high relative to overall industry, et cetera. And we're comfortable with them, we're very prudent with expense management. You saw SG&A expenses down. I think the other thing you're slightly seeing is some mix changes between HCV and HIV. That has a little bit of an impact on our gross margins. But, overall, with the continued conversion of TAF, long term you'll continue to see that go down, but it will be impacted relative to HCV becoming a smaller component of our total revenue. And I can't really give guidance on our gross margins, but I think the bar still remains high for them and we still remain a very disciplined spending type of organization.
Robin L. Washington: So Robyn, it's Robin. I'll take the second part of that question. I think, as we said, this is a curative market, HCV, and it's difficult to predict. And Kevin just outlined this patient journey taking a longer bit of time and just changing dynamics. And we spent a lot of time this fall working through the planning cycle, figuring out what that means around 2017 and beyond. Obviously, I can't give the answer yet, but how we guide will again depend on our ability to bracket the risk and opportunities around those dynamics and what those mean. It continues to change and it's something that we monitor very closely. But that patient flow, as Kevin said, is something that's just very difficult for us to control.
Robin L. Washington: Yeah, Ying. And I'll take the second half. As we said, the bar is high, but we're very engaged and remain engaged in M&A. When we think about our overall capital allocation, we wouldn't want to do anything that would constrain us and reduce our flexibility to purchase if we found something that we thought could really grow our top line. So we talk with our board all the time about dividend increases and dividends in general as well as share repurchases, and that's something that we'll continue to do.
Robin L. Washington: Yeah. I think Norbert summed it up, Ian. I'd only add that I think the rigor remains very internally high within Gilead as well. We're always making the various trade-offs. And we look to do the right thing scientifically, so you could see variably in cost. But overall, there's still a high bar internal relative to how we allocate our research spend. But a lot of our projects ongoing, as mentioned, will be paid for with a decline in some of the larger products we've had with HIV and HCV.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff. It's Kevin. Let me just take maybe half a step back from your question and just a few more observations. I've got to tell you that I think we're really executing well in the area of hepatitis C. I've spent a lot of time this quarter with many Gileads and with several providers. And I think the variables that we can directly influence, we're really doing a good job on. Our market share is staying incredibly strong. We're ensuring access whilst preserving the value of our hepatitis C drugs, and we're executing on new versions coming to the market. I think you've seen that with Epclusa. And the area that we can less control but we can influence, you're now seeing some new activities from us in terms of unbranded awareness campaigns. And you may have seen our advertisement that came on the television just over a week ago. So I think, from my point of view, in terms of operational excellence, we're doing a very nice job. It is true that the treatments are staying about the same. Actually, I consider that very positive. Let's not forget that we're at treatment levels that are 2.5 times the treatment levels that were there before the Gilead regimens came to the market. So I take at the level of 50,000 to 60,000 patients as very good. The vast proportion of those are Gilead patients. Epclusa had a very big effect in this quarter, so it goes to show that there's still room for new patients, albeit that we're entering a high level of satisfaction. But with Harvoni for Genotype 1, both 12-weeks and now a high proportion at 8-weeks, and now Epclusa for the 2 and 3 patients. Yes, we have got patients being cured at very high levels. In terms of our triple, I do agree that it'll be a relatively small proportion of patients, but it's the right thing to do and it completes our whole picture for hepatitis C. So I think to have the range of products that we have, to have the efficacy that we have, is the right offering for healthcare. So we continue to move forward and I think we have a healthy franchise. And we are getting better access from particularly the commercial payers, although, as I pointed out and I often discuss with the team here, the Medicaid is still a little bit on the slow side in terms of access. But great progress as far as I'm concerned in the third quarter.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Matt. It's Kevin Young. I'll take your second part first. Yeah, there was a small warehousing effect. We think that – and this is anecdotal and qualitative, we think that providers probably held people for a quarter, two to three-month period. So this is nothing like the warehousing that we saw with Sovaldi or with Harvoni. So we think it's largely a Q3 effect. It might go into the fourth quarter, into the quarter now, but we really think it's mostly a 2016 effect. In terms of our negotiations and contracts, I really can't make any specific comments. Obviously they're confidential. But we are pleased with the outcome. We feel we're in a strong position for 2017, and most providers will have very, very good access in the private and Medicaid, Medicare Part D setting to both Harvoni and Epclusa. So we think we're in good shape and our providers will have the Gilead options to look forward to giving to their patients as we have done in 2016. So feel good about that.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah, Geoff, just to comment on Epclusa. If you recall, we launched Epclusa in the last week in quarter two. So that's when our opening inventory went in. Like any growing product, major wholesalers tick up their inventory basically because they've got a standard calculation for days on hand. So basically that just ticks up as a product grows, or indeed comes down as a product – comes down, as likely Sovaldi, because it's now becoming Epclusa, will in the future. So there was nothing unnatural about inventory for Epclusa in the third quarter. But as I said, we did get a very nice bump in usage from a small warehousing of patients.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Michael. Two great questions. Let me try to deal with those in the order. So the first the U.S. If you look at our slide, actually the percentage of F0s to F2s has increased over time. It was sort of 50% a little while ago, and now it's up to 60%. So, clearly, a fitter patient, they're less sick, are being treated. And of course, that's as a result of coverage. But I want to say that the patient journey, I think, is becoming longer in the U.S. now. If you think about it, patients really are starting further back because they are healthier. We are continuing to see approximately 30,000 patients coming into specialist care, so in other words, 90,000 patients a quarter. 60,000 of those are coming out of the other side and are being treated and cured. That's probably not a bad ratio in itself. Not every patient is treated and not every patient is immediately treated. Now, we shouldn't forget that sometimes patients drift in and out of specialist care. Some patients have compounding factors that complicate the start of therapy, most notably, drug use or alcohol use. And the patients who are just less sick have less motivation themselves and the physician has less motivation to really push those sort of therapy. And lastly, the paperwork and the administrative process for authorization is still there, like it is with any specialist product. So I think those are mostly the dynamics and it's mostly around the patient being less time in the physician's practice. They're not patients that have been held for a long time. They're not patients that failed one or two prior therapies and a great urgency by the physician. In terms of Europe, as I said, we did see a down tick in the patients treated in the Southern European markets, primarily Italy and Spain. And I think that's because they are working through the sicker patients and becoming more like France and Germany. There still are more patients in the Southern European markets, but I do think they are clearing the most obvious patients to treat and cure. And I want to emphasize that market share has stayed very, very solid in those markets. And whilst there's not an obvious mechanism through advertising, television advertising, in the European markets, we are doing a lot of partnership with KOLs, with societies, with patient groups, to again try to encourage the right screening practices and the right transfer of patients into specialist care.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Robyn. I'll take the first part. I think, again, come back to the quality of the discussions that we had for 2017 contracting. And I think they were very good. Let's not forget the fact that Gilead are in a very strong place by virtue of our Harvoni being in a good proportion of patients in eight-week therapy. So it's a very big advantage for us and I think that's really appreciated from the point of view of managing costs from a commercial payer. We didn't see much change in the ratio of the public to private payer in the third quarter. It was still about 45% of patients who were covered as a public patient as opposed to a commercial or Medicare Part D plan. Part of the commercial part of the market is, of course, the VA. The VA was a little bit lower in the third quarter versus the second quarter. They still seem to be very enthusiastic, very engaged in recalling patients. But I think that's perhaps one of the variables that will unfold in 2017 is the VA and their continuing ability to recall and treat patients. But I think with our efforts around highlighting the CDC and need to treat the Baby Boomers and the activity of all the companies involved in hepatitis C, I'd like to think that we can continue our progress in 2017.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah, I'd also add, Robin, if I might, how solid and good we feel about HIV going into next year with that chronic model and the uptick of our TAF-based regimens.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Ying. It's Kevin. I apologize, but in terms of commenting on our net pricing to the various channels, to the various constituents, it's not something that we directly comment on, so I couldn't go any further than that at this time.
Kevin B. Young: Difficult for me to comment in any great detail, Phil, on either of those questions. I'll take the commercial first. They have gone well. As I keep emphasizing, the advantage we have in eight weeks – think about it. 45% right now of Harvoni patients, genotype 1 patients, are receiving eight weeks. So if you think about 45% of genotype 1 with just that eight weeks, that's a very good economic offering for our payers that they really appreciate. So I believe we've done very well in our position going into 2017. In terms of the ratio between public and private, again, very difficult for me to make a prediction. VA did come down a little bit, but there was an increase, just a tick up, to replace that by Medicaid. I made the comment that the Medicaid opening is really slower than we would like, but I think there may be that change in mix going forward. Difficult to predict VA. VA is still a big part of the public, and we'll just have to see. It's very impressive what they've done and I know they're very committed and they feel that they haven't done their job yet. We, and that's Gilead, will estimate that between 35% and 40% of patients in the VA system have been treated to date. So still a lot of work to do and I think they want to do it. So 45%, 55%, seems to have been the level for the last couple quarters and not entirely clear if that's going to be maintained into 2017. But seems reasonable to me.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Alethia. Thanks for an HIV question. I really appreciate it. Alethia, I was at our International Advisory Board a couple of weeks ago, and we had some of the foremost HIV doctors from around the world. And it was absolutely unanimous the commitment to switching patients. All things being equal, particularly in terms of pricing, physicians see the benefit in terms of bone and kidney from the point of view of TAFs. So I think there's an awful strong commitment. Let's not forget that in most practices now, half the patients are over the age of 50 and they've been on long-term therapy and physicians just see a natural and fairly straightforward switch going on. I really didn't think I'd ever see an uptake quicker than Atripla. As you remember, there were the components of Atripla that could just be put together and the patient switched. These are slightly different with Genvoya because it's a switch of regimen. So I'm delighted with the way it's going. 80% of Genvoya comes from switches, and right now half of those switches are from Striva, (1:07:38) which is the natural TDF-to-TAF switch. So my expectation is that we'll continue to convert patients. I'm super enthusiastic about it. And once we get more countries online in Europe, I think we can have that same expectation. Germany's going great. Spain's going great. And we're on the threshold of getting the most important market up and running, and that's France.
John F. Milligan: Geoff, it's John. The second part of your question was something about investing in this area versus other areas. So I would say from a pipeline perspective, with SOF/VEL/VOX being our fourth generation of HCV product now being approved, there really isn't much left in terms of unmet medical need. And so from a pipeline perspective, this is really the end of what we'll be developing in terms of HCV molecules and that will allow us then to turn our attention to the important aspects in our fibrosis and NASH franchises and our oncology franchises. So we've really largely turned our attention away from HCV to those areas already.
John F. Milligan: Hi, John. It's John. I think you asked a capital allocation questions and switched to strategy. We'll try to answer that for you. So as we said in our opening comments, we're still very actively evaluating opportunities. We're actively evaluating a series of different partnerships. But as I said in my comments, we're going to remain disciplined and we're going to keep the bar high. You don't want the sense of urgency to overwhelm your discipline because then you'll do things that don't make long-term sense. And that's been the history in all businesses, and that's one we apply here. So we're currently very, very active. We'll do things when they make sense for us and not before then. And that's really as much as I can say.
John F. Milligan: Discipline has both components to it. There are a number of things that I think are probably too early for us to take part in. There are a number of things that I think are just overpriced. And so it's been a combination of those two things looking backward. Going forward, we'll have to see what makes sense for us and where we're willing to go to bring in new products.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Hi, Brian. So the second question, yes, I can confirm that there were no baseline imbalances. And regarding the Phase III study, no, we're going to make the proposal to regulatory authorities to use just fibrosis as the endpoint. We feel very convinced that that's the right thing to do because, as you may know, fibrosis is the only histological correlate to clinical outcomes. There was a large study published a few years ago where they looked at baseline histology and they correlated histological variables with clinical outcomes. And steatosis didn't correlate, inflammation didn't correlate, ballooning didn't correlate. The only thing that correlated was fibrosis. So we are going to propose two Phase III studies, both looking at fibrosis 48-week as the endpoint. The other thing we're going do with the studies, in F3, F4 patients, again, the rationale is that that's where the unmet need is. And also since ultimately for full approval you will need some clinical endpoint, we think we can get there much faster maybe with a 96-week study even if we start off with F4 patients. But having all of that said, this all has to be agreed upon by regulatory authorities. We have a date with the FDA, but we have not discussed this with them yet. So stay tuned. Some time early next year I think we can update you on the exact plan.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Terence, the debate in with bictegravir is not doublet or triplet. We're developing bictegravir F/TAF because it has three excellent components that have proven safety and enormously high efficacy. If you look at the ViiV Triumeq compound, of course that continues abacavir. So in that scenario, there is an incentive to get rid of abacavir and go to a doublet, as you call it. But in our case, we have no incentive whatsoever to do that. I would like to point out it's an interesting strategy. It's a potential competitor. The only thing I would like to point out, the safety efficacy has to be still proven in a larger patient population, number one, and, number two, in a more diverse patient population, particularly in patients with high viral load.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah. So maybe, Ian, I'm going to answer the first question and Robin can join in. So as we indicated before, our hepatitis C research is winding down or the development is winding down. Really with this SOF/VEL/VOX, this will be our last development candidate. And we have spent over the last three years probably most of our money on hepatitis C, so that's winding down. And also on HIV coming down because bictegravir F/TAF is going to be our last single-tablet regimen for a broad patient population. And that I think will offset the increased spending in the other areas, as you pointed out, filgotinib and also oncology.
