John G. McHutchison: Thank you, Geoff, for the kind words and for the question. So regarding the first part of your question, the thromboembolic event rates with baracitinib, the most recent data that we have shown was a presentation at ACR late last year by Mark Genovese, which is an oral presentation. Now this is just from the DARWIN 1, 2, and 3 extension studies, where we have about 1,700 patient years of exposure, but that rate was very low, only one patient in that presentation who had both a DVT and a PE. So the rate actually in that presentation was 0.06 per 100 patient years. But, Geoff, so far we've got thousands of patients in Phase 3. We've got a relatively small data set in terms of exposure, but that's what we have said so far. We continue to collect all of that information. The other point to raise about this was the discussion recently at the Advisory Committee and whether this is slightly or partly related to JAK-2. As you know, filgotinib is very selective for JAK-1. And in terms of JAK-2 specificity, we don't have that at all. So we don't see any changes in hemoglobin. When we see positive changes in hemoglobin, we don't see any increase in platelets. In fact, we see a small decrease in platelets. Whether or not that's related to thromboembolic phenomena, we don't know. In terms of what we're excited about in R&D, you know me, Geoff. I'm always excited about everything. But the opportunity to make huge progress in cell therapy, not just with Yescarta, which has enormous potential, but the future of cell therapy going forward. Investing in research as we have, to come forward with next-generation products is really exciting for the organization to lead that entire field. And we will continue to lead that, and I will ensure that, as will Andrew and others in the organization as well. Additionally, I think we have a lot of opportunities in NASH. The ability to have a drug approved for an antifibrotic endpoint in liver disease has never been done before, and we clearly want to do that, and there's a lot of patients out there with NASH. And then I believe our fledgling programs that are now developing in full force in inflammation, with filgotinib in multiple diseases are becoming differentiated, exciting, and heading in the right direction, particularly with things such as the Verily collaboration. So that's a long answer. I'm sorry, Geoff.
John G. McHutchison: And, Matthew, it's John McHutchison. The second part of the question was about the futility interim analysis for the selection of filgotinib in ulcerative colitis Phase 3 study. Just to remind you, the reason we did this futility analysis is we hadn't studied filgotinib in ulcerative colitis in Phase 2. We had in Crohn's disease in the FITZROY study and we have obviously had data in rheumatoid arthritis, but we had to have an interim analysis in the ulcerative colitis study to make sure that we were on track. That analysis is planned, without getting into all of the details, coming up shortly this year. It's based on the week 10 induction timepoint and the endoscopic response and improvements in endoscopic response in the two groups of patients that are enrolled in the trial, those that are naive and those that are biologic non-responders. So I'll leave it at that, I think, to answer the question, and we'll see how it goes.
John G. McHutchison: Robyn, it's John McHutchison. Hello. So I've been talking to some of the team members in Santa Monica over the last couple of days. And in general, there's nothing untoward that's been observed to my knowledge as well outside of the clinical trial.
John G. McHutchison: Hi, Regina. It's John McHutchison. In terms of the second part of your question relating to variability in placebo response rates, it is an issue with liver biopsy, where we know there's a 30% variability if you have two pathologists read the same liver biopsy. And I think some of the presentations you referred to at AASLD might be partly reflecting that. So it's an imperfect tool at best but what we have in terms of drug approvals for NASH patients. We have had the fortunate opportunity of being able to address this. Our previous simtuzumab trial enrolled many hundreds of patients. Now the drug didn't work, unfortunately, but we have a lot of patients with two liver biopsies a long time apart, so we are very, very confident of what we expect to see in F3 and F4 patients in terms of the placebo response rate, in terms of the fibrosis improvement score of one point with no worsening of NASH. So we have that number, and that is what we've used to calculate our power and our sample size in our STELLAR 3 and STELLAR 4 programs.
John G. McHutchison: Hey, Terence. It's John McHutchison. Hello, thank you for the question. I think the first-mover advantage is important. We have the relationships. We have the experience now in the community, particularly in the U.S., which will obviously extend elsewhere. So I think it's an important advantage, as it has been for us in other diseases, including HIV and hepatitis C, where we were fortunate to be first as well. So that's a brief and general answer, but I think it is important.
John G. McHutchison: Hello, Ying, it's John McHutchison to answer the first part of your question. The observation you made and noted in our EASL presentation that selonsertib has less of an effect on steatosis in the liver than our ACC inhibitor that inhibits de novo lipogenesis is exactly what we wanted to see and expected to see because of the mechanism of action. Selonsertib doesn't have a primary anti-lipo toxicity effect. It's an anti-ASK, and it works on hepatic stellate cells as well. So that's what we expected to see. In terms of the second part of your question, does that give us more or less confidence in terms of our Phase 3 STELLAR programs, I think you need to take the context of what we presented at EASL in a 12-week study and think about it in the overall context. What we did in all of these programs is we did single-agent small studies first to show that each drug was effective, which we've done for all of our three drugs. Then we did a small combination study to see if there was combination safety. That's what we presented at EASL. We did, however, also present some of the parameters that you've been talking about. But our goal was always, once we had combination safety, to then be able to kick off a definitive larger study with a longer duration of therapy to determine which of those drugs is safer, which is what we're doing. To get back to the selonsertib question, we decided to do a Phase 3 STELLAR selonsertib study based on a previous study that we presented last year that was 24 weeks in duration, that had two liver biopsies, that showed a dose-dependent effect on the regression of fibrosis, and an inverse relationship to the development of cirrhosis. We also showed that the target phospho-p38 is up-regulated in MAPK patients, and it's also blocked or inhibited or down-regulated by the drug. So everything is heading in the right direction. And I think what's happening here is people are taking this small 12-week experiment that was due and looking at combination safety out of context. When we started our STELLAR Phase 3 program, it was based on a larger Phase 2 study, two biopsies six months apart, that showed a definitive effect on fibrosis. So we are in good shape. I'm excited about the results. We've enrolled them ahead of schedule, and we look forward to getting the results early next year.
John G. McHutchison: So, Carter, it's John McHutchison. Thank you for the question. So as I said today in my prepared notes that we now are in the fortunate position to have all FINCH 3 trials enrolled for both methotrexate-naive and inadequate responders in our biologic non-responders. So we can file if the data supports it, of course. We can file for RA with all of those three studies, and they are in a different timeline from the inflammatory bowel disease study, so we would not wait for the inflammatory bowel disease studies.
Robin L. Washington: So I'm going to let Andrew start with just giving you really the underlying details around the Biktarvy launch, and then I'll jump in with some of the revenue areas.
Robin L. Washington: And, Geoff, I'd add to that that keep in mind that the launch of Biktarvy, we basically got six weeks of revenue currently in the quarter. So while a partial quarter, we also had about half of it was related to inventory. But underlying, to your point, we're really excited with the overall launch of Biktarvy and the success to date. The launch trajectory is looking very close to Genvoya. And over time, we expect it to overtake Genvoya, as I mentioned, as the number one STR for naive and switch patients over time. I think if you then turn and think about just Europe beyond Biktarvy, we're also seeing, as I mentioned, over 50% of our HIV sales came from Descovy-based products in Europe, and that's exceeding in advance of the fact that generics are widely available. So to the point I made on the call and John made, we're really excited with the opportunity for HIV to be a growth business. That's inclusive of PrEP as well, but we're excited where we are for the year and for the opportunity to have this business be a growth trajectory for us beyond 2018.
Robin L. Washington: Sure. So, Michael, let me start with HIV inventory. The drawdown in inventory was primarily from our HIV products. But as I mentioned, if you look at underlying U.S. prescription growth overall, it was 12% year over year. And as I mentioned, 50% of our HIV revenues in Europe were comprised of Descovy-containing regimens. So while we haven't quantified the dollar magnitude, the drawdown was larger than what we have seen in past quarters. And typically, if you go back, the last eight quarters we've had that Q4 to Q1 dynamic relative to inventory, so it is seasonal. There were two key events this quarter that made that inventory decline greater than expected. One was the availability of generic versions of TDFs, so therefore wholesalers weren't carrying Viread anymore. And then two, the anticipation of the Biktarvy approval, so lower stocking of both TAF and TDF-containing regimens. Keep in mind if you look at year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter growth, the availability of generic versions of TDF in the U.S. impacted our HBV business. Overall, as we think about our big three wholesalers, we were in line relative to our inventory agreements. I'll remind you that we don't have agreements in place for the sub-wholesalers. But again, just emphasizing that overall, our underlying HIV growth remains strong but we have the typical seasonal inventory, driven by the two events that I just mentioned.
Robin L. Washington: Yes, the competitive environment, I would say if you step back and think about where we are relative to our guidance and our expectations, we reiterated guidance. It is pretty much playing out in line with our expectations. We talked about the fact in my comments that the U.S. pricing has largely stabilized, and we expect market share to stabilize by midyear. I would say, Michael, that the ex-U.S. competition has intensified, but I'd also say that competition was a more intense environment prior to the launch of a competitor and remains to be. So we do believe that overall hep C is a long and durable market. We'll continue to compete very aggressively with our competitor. But in summary, our expectations for 2018 are intact, and we believe our revenue reflects the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year.
Robin L. Washington: So I'll start, Brian. I would say you're right. It's early days, so we're not going to get into throughput discussions or specifically what we're seeing at every center. We're really pleased with our full first quarter revenue. We've talked about this being a very measured launch, with our focus being this year on getting centers authorized and being sure that their experience with Yescarta meets the expectation of the centers and the patients. So I mentioned we have 40 centers authorized, and we expect by midyear that we'll have coverage for 80% of the eligible Yescarta patients as we continue to ramp up centers. Relative to revenue recognition, no overall concerns there, we're seeing good reimbursement overall for both commercial as well as Medicare patients. So we're really comfortable where we are with the launch to date.
Robin L. Washington: So I'll start, Matthew. I think the main change that you saw in Q1 in that step-down, as we talked about on our February call, was related to Medicare in the U.S. So as we mentioned this call and the prior, we expected that step-down with the price adjustment as we move to the new contractual arrangements at the beginning of the year.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Regina, so I'll start off. As I mentioned on the call, I think we're off to a great start. We've reiterated guidance, and the year is progressing in line with our expectations. We do believe that 2018 is a trough year for us on which we can grow. We'll have seasonality fluctuations from quarter to quarter, but we're very confident, hence, reiterated our overall guidance for the year and expect to be able to grow off of our 2018 base going forward.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Phil. So I'll take the first part and then turn it over to Andrew for Biktarvy. Looking at the slide that you referred to, and again I'll reiterate our HCV revenues for the quarter were $1 billion. So if I think about what we talked about, the reason for the step-down, one being price, because we did the new contracting in Q1, that would fall under competitive environment as well as thinking about share. The combination of those two make up the competitive environment. Starts, we talked about them being a slow and steady decline. So yes, I believe this slide is intact and it's included in our overall reiteration of our guidance for the full year of $20 billion to $21 billion.
Robin L. Washington: And, Terence, to follow on to that, we priced Genvoya at parity with Stribild. So our ability to get early access in those markets where we've launched has been helped, and it's helped that overall transition that Andrew just referred to, with greater than 50% being Descovy regimens overall.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Cory. It's Robin. I'd say again, it's early days relative to our centers being certified and getting launched to really get at a throughput per center or any of those type of metrics. And I'd also say that because this is such a specialized treatment, we've selected centers that we think can be successful. We're helping them through that. Yes, some of the earlier centers we're seeing higher volumes, as you would anticipate. But I think the volume is not just determined by saying you're now certified. It's just determined by the hospital and their resources and looking at the other various treatments, et cetera, and other capacity centers that any hospital has to manage. So it's going to be harder, particularly in this therapeutic area, to provide the level of detail and granularity or at this stage, details by center. The $40 million was very robust for us. We're happy with the results today. And as I mentioned, this is going to be a controlled, measured launch for us, and we're going to continue in that process and provide you updates on that as much as we can.
Robin L. Washington: Thanks, John. And I think, Ying, your other question was related to ex-U.S. HCV sales. So let me start by saying I think that's always been a much more competitive environment compared to the U.S. But OUS sales if we compare what we did relative to our competitor includes a wide variety of geographies, including Europe, Japan, and Asia. And I would say the market share is very different from country to country. I think it is fair to say that we've seen our competitors do very well in Japan, for example, with some of the prior DAA failures and some warehousing there. But there are other countries where we're doing well and we're going to pick our opportunities to focus on. While we know this is a competitive market, we feel we have the field force and necessary folks in place to be competitive. And as mentioned, I think we're on track. And relative to where we expected us to be, we see things playing out very close to that. As I also said, we expect our share to stabilize by midyear, so I think we'll be able to provide more insight around share going forward during the next call.
Andrew Cheng: Geoff, it's Andrew. So I just want to touch on and reiterate some of the things that Robin has mentioned during the call in her prepared remarks, primarily that when we look at Biktarvy, we see 80% of Biktarvy scripts come from switches. Of those switches, a third are from Genvoya and about 20% come from dolutegravir-based regimens, both Tivicay and Triumeq. When we see the switches as well as the naive patients' trajectory overall, they're right on target for what we predicted prior to the launch and really are in line for where we think Biktarvy will ultimately end up as the top switch as well as naive drug in HIV, and a position that's currently occupied by Genvoya.
Andrew Cheng: So, Phil, it's Andrew. So we'll switch gears, and you were asking about prior authorizations with Biktarvy. I think as you're well aware that when any new product launches that there is some degree of prior authorization as they start to review the product. However, as John mentioned on his initial remarks of the call, on March 27, the DHHS guidelines placed Biktarvy in the top tier of its recommended initial regimens list. Since that time, we've received some feedback that the amount of prior authorizations has really decreased and has become less of an impediment. And taken together, that helps put us to and reiterate what Robin said earlier on the call that we have every expectation that Biktarvy will match and then exceed Genvoya when it comes to number one position for both naive and switch patients.
Andrew Cheng: Terence, it's Andrew. So I'll touch on the impact in Europe and what we've seen. Generics for Viread, TDF, are available in Europe, and we have seen some impact on certain pricings in certain countries. However, I think it's important to recognize that over 50% of our European revenues come from TAF-based products. And you can see, as we mentioned on our last call, that in certain countries, the conversion rate from TDF to TAF products like Germany exceeds 70%. So I think when one thinks about the impact, we've already made that switchover for a number of countries, and that impact is somewhat muted.
Andrew Cheng: So, Alethia, let me just clarify something in your call, just to recognize that when we think about Biktarvy scripts, 80% come from switches. About a third of those come from Genvoya. So I think when we think about it, a third from Genvoya, then about 20% from dolutegravir-based regimens, either Tivicay or Triumeq, and then the remainder of the switches come from a mix of different regimens. So when we think about it overall, I think we're very happy with the mix. And given our robust development plan where two of the four studies were based on switch, one from Triumeq and one from protease inhibitor-based regimens, we expect that mix actually to be the same going forward, about an 80:20 switch given the overall dynamics. Now there's certainly going to be some degree of variability from quarter to quarter into the proportion that's Genvoya versus dolutegravir-based regimens. But certainly, we're very comfortable with where we are and expect that the overall growth of Biktarvy to continue, as we mentioned earlier.
