Daniel O'Day: Thanks Andy. And before we open-up for questions, I'd like to thank the broadly Gilead team, who accomplished a great deal in the first quarter, setting the stage I think for quite an exciting year reaching catalysts across our clinical portfolio. Of course, Gilead would not be the company it is today without the vision of John Martin, Gilead's Chief Executive Officer for 20 years, who passed away in March. Under his leadership, Gilead transformed the treatment of HIV and viral hepatitis and became a global organization, firmly rooted in its commitment to science and to patients. That commitment will be a constant, as we work to take John's legacy forward in Gilead's next chapter. With that, I'll invite the operator to begin the Q&A.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Michael. I'll take that. So two -- yes great questions. In terms of assumptions, I think, what's safe to say is we've been fairly conservative on our inputs to the assumptions in terms of looking at what the standard of care PFS looks like and using sort of that as our approach. And I'd say actually that's fairly our general approach. I think we try to take a fairly conservative approach in terms of designing our trials and balance what I would sort of a statistically significant benefit with a clinically meaningful benefit. And I think that that's -- we keep both of those in mind when we're powering our studies to make sure that we are -- we're hitting not only statistical significance, but looking for clinical significance. In terms of prior CDK4/6, I mean it's obviously something that's come up a fair bit appropriately. I think, people are looking at some data -- there are a number of hypotheses that are going around what it could be there. We're trying to take a very data-driven approach on this. And I guess, I would say a couple of things. One is that, in our hands and what we've seen so far from the prior studies, where we looked at those people who had gotten prior to CDK4/6 compared with standard of care, Trodelvy continues to bring benefit to those patients. And as a big caveat that's a fairly small number of people in that from us when we look at it, but I think we're comfortable that that continues to be the case. And secondly, we are going to look at the data from the upcoming trial and we will look at that that group of patients as a subgroup analysis to see if there is a difference in terms of how they respond compared to the overall population of patients that are going to be enrolled in that. So, we'll make sure that we segregate those patients out to make sure we learn from that.
Daniel O'Day: Sure. So maybe just to you Matthew to just give a little bit of context of people that may not be completely familiar with our relationship with Galapagos. So, of course, there was the filgotinib relationship, but then there was a separate relationship that we went into. As you know, a couple of years ago now. And that was really based on the research platform. And I would say that nothing has really changed in relation to that. I mean one of the reasons to do that was to diversify our approaches from a discovery research perspective across if you like the Gilead Group. I listened hard to the scientists at that time. I continue to listen hard to the scientists today. They think they have a very discriminated platform for screening compounds for first-in-class. And I'll remind you that's really the approach first-in-class which of course comes with some risks some of which we've seen in the later-stage programs. And, of course, Toledo is the most advanced now of those programs. But having said that there are many others within their discovery platform that we continue to be intrigued about. I think it's an important part of our overall inflammation strategy, albeit, at an earlier stage for Gilead. But when we think about our strategic approach that really focuses on immunology and virology as our core scientific skills, we have now obviously leaders in virology built up a really significant presence in oncology with inflammatory disorders really, kind of, the next step and the next stage of our platform where Galapagos presents, I think, one aspect of that but a very important aspect in terms of first-in-class approach. So we continue to be working very closely with our partners at Galapagos to determine what the next screens are and what the next targets are in the concept of our -- the entirety of our inflammation strategy. So thanks, Matt.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Hartaj and believe me it means a lot for you to comment on that for all the colleagues at Gilead who I think feel very strongly about the intrinsic work we do for patients and donations is just one piece of that it's part of our DNA. Andy, I think you're going to answer the question.
Daniel O'Day: And Hartaj, I just want to end by thanking our colleagues at Merck. It's terrific. When you get two companies to come together to put patients first to accelerate treatment options for patients in need. And we have a lot of respect for our Merck colleagues. And happy to say that already the collaboration is getting off to a very strong and rapid start. So we look forward to moving fast to make a difference for patients with different treatment options.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. Thanks, Brian, for the question. And we're really excited with the recent news that we got with Trodelvy. It's really going to help us gain momentum, exactly what you said. We have strong awareness in academic centers above 80%. We haven't been able to break through. We're only at about 50% or so in the community. And as you well know, if three quarters of the patients sit in the community, that's an incredible opportunity for us to make sure that we make sure the messages come across. We haven't been in a position in the past to promote overall survival, in light of the fact that we just had that conditional approval. And so now, with the full approval not only do we get to double the patient population that Trodelvy can actually help, but actually we also get to promote the overall survival, which is the only agent with overall survival in this setting. So I think it's really going to help us ramp-up. And the focus is still going to be despite the urothelial bladder indication. We -- the focus is really going to be more like a 90-10, 90% on second-line plus, triple-negative breast cancer and then 10% from a promotional standpoint on urothelial cancer. We believe that that's going to work well, because there's a high overlap. There's about 70% of physicians that overlap from bladder cancer and also treat TNBC. So we're going to be in good shape to ramp this up. This is really the opportunity for Trodelvy right now for this year.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. Yes, we're really quite pleased with Biktarvy's performance. It just continues. And obviously, there's been some ins and out because of dynamics around us from a market standpoint, because of COVID and inventory, but the share growth 8% year-over-year, as well as the fact that we continue to grow share and even 2 points in the last quarter. We also grew 2 points not only in the U.S., but we also grew just under 2 points in Europe and about 5 points year-over-year as well. So we are seeing solid growth in Europe and we are seeing, in other markets as well, like, Japan and Canada, we're number one with Biktarvy. So I think that, as the data continues to show the benefits of the profile that Biktarvy offers for patients. I think there's no stopping us, Geoff. I think we need to continue to grow this business and we are well poised to get out of this COVID-19 pandemic and hopefully the markets reset. The market already has reset in the naive patient population. We're almost back to pre-COVID levels, which is great, and that's where Biktarvy truly differentiates itself. And in the switch business, we're not there yet. We're about 30% under pre-COVID levels. But again, with a share of close to 50%, also well poised for that to come back on track. So, I think, we continue to expand and continue to gain share over older agents, because of the benefits that Biktarvy offers, not just in the U.S., but really around the world.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Thanks, Dan. So, on the PrEP market, as I mentioned Descovy share is holding at about 45%, 46% in the first quarter. So we're quite pleased with that. We've obviously been working closely with payers to make sure that patients and providers had choice in their prevention approach. The market is still dampened because of this pandemic as you can appreciate with the social dynamics that we are all living with. Although, we have seen some uptake in the last month or so, we'll see how that plays out. But again I think it's going to be in line with what Andy said which is going to be a bit of a gradual recovery for the PrEP market. But I think, we're very well poised to make sure that once that market gets back to pre-COVID levels, I think we'll be in very good shape in light of our -- holding our share at this level.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Thank you. So thanks for that. I didn't hear the last part of that question originally. Yes. So for Descovy the year-over-year, obviously, it does have to do with higher payer discounts. And that was to ensure that patients and providers had choice. And make sure that we didn't have any step at it. And now we do have some step at it for some plan. But for most plans access is very open to make sure that our patients and providers choose which therapeutics is best for them for prevention. And so I think that we will continue to be smart and we will continue to be disciplined in the way that we look at those discussions with our payers, but we're also looking at data that's been pretty clear that shows that if you basically put a step at it you don't actually get the patient on a Truvada generic you actually just lose your patient. And I think as we think about ending the epidemic prevention is a big piece of that. And so that's why choice is so important and that we keep people at risk of HIV making sure that we keep those folks on the medicines that they're on without creating any access restrictions. And so if that's what we need to do moving forward to ensure that that might impact the price as we go. Our intent is obviously to keep the balance between what we do from a payer standpoint, but also what we do from a share standpoint. And that's why we're proud of the fact that we've been able to manage the payer dynamics and actually hold and even grow share in the last quarter.
