John McHutchison: Thanks, Brian. It's John here. Multi-part question. But look we are -- let me just step back a bit and think time -- summarize what we think about the entire data set. We have the full data package now from a Phase III clinical trial. We have over 3.5 – 3,200 patients. Look we've shown in terms of characterization and although it's hard to do head-to-head comparisons across drugs, across studies of course. What we have seen in our FINCH program consistent with our Phase II program is deep efficacy responses in broad patient population. And if you're a practicing rheumatologist that's what's most important to you. You're not getting to ACR20 you're getting strong ACR50 and strong ACR70 responses -- remission responses low disease activity. And all the FINCH trial shows those deep responses when you characterize them by those characteristics. Look each of the studies achieved all of their primary endpoints, and they showed improvement in functional status. And where we explored it we showed that we could slow the rate of structural damage on the X-ray files. So these are all important additional advantages of the drug or what we showed in that clinical programs So we'll go to -- as I said today on the earnings call we have the full data package. We're impressed by the risk benefit. We think it's relevant to patients and rheumatologists. We'll be able to file in Europe in the second half of this year, and we'll go and have a discussion now with the FDA. We've requested that meeting where we'll sit down and talk with them about what we have in terms of data from the MANTA studies what we have in terms of our Phase III registrational programs and what we should do. And the time the time lines around that will play out during that meeting. But look I think it's important to us and Dan has brought this with his fresh eyes on the program recently is that there is some degree of urgency for us to get this drug approved as quickly as we can and obviously in collaboration with the regulators across the world.
John McHutchison: And of course, if I could add -- thank you, Dan but the safety -- I forgot to mention --unfortunately, the safety profile. We actually had a press release about this because we thought it was important as well. And again, it's impossible to make cross-drug cross-trial comparisons, but the safety profile we're seeing with this JAK1-specific inhibitor leads us to believe we have an additional benefit for patients as well. We're seeing low rates of infections, low rates of discontinuation, herpes zoster, thromboembolic events, cardiovascular events and so forth. So we also believe that that's an important advantage for the patients as well.
John McHutchison: I completely agree, Dan. I think we've always had the philosophy and the success with being led by the science. We feel much comfortable in making those decisions when we have the expertise internally as you articulated. And we are opportunistic and prepared to take risks when we feel the science and the opportunity and the need exists.
John McHutchison: Yes. We know that Novo Nordisk, Ying, that's a compelling mechanism of action. Novo Nordisk is clearly a leader in the pharmaceutical development of products for patients with diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Mechanism of action is not necessarily directly related to NASH, but it has many of the effects you would want to see in patients with NASH. And additionally and importantly, as well as all those other metabolic benefits in terms of glucose control influence secretion and so forth, as a weight loss component to this drug and a significant weight loss component. And that weight loss component, we think is very compelling for us to explore with our other mechanisms of action that are really focusing on different and separate drivers of NASH at the Genesis. So we believe it's a very exciting and a very important collaboration. Novo Nordisk brings a lot of people and a lot of depth of knowledge about metabolic syndrome to the table, whilst we bring a lot of expertise in liver disease. So it's a wonderful collaboration that we're just starting, and looking forward to. So we will combine a semaglutide without FXR agonists and our ACC drugs as well, and that will be the initial clinical collaboration.
John McHutchison: Sure. Thanks, Phil. Phil we have led the field of HIV therapeutic development for over a decade. And one of the critical components of that approach and our success has been no resistance. And that has been achieved with effective three drug regimens. So, for example, with all the Biktarvy studies as you know we have no resistance through week 96, which is a critical advantage for anybody. You can't afford to increase the fragility of a regimen by decreasing or diminishing or cutting out one of the components, and theoretically or not theoretically increasing the risk of resistance. So that's very important. Now two drug regimens with adherence is potentially not so important such as an effective long-acting regimen is actually one of our critical programs internally. And we believe that our ultimate goal with the long-acting regimen should be a subcutaneous at-home small volume, non-painful injection that's probably got two components to it, but it won't have that adherence issue to it and we'd like to be giving it every three months. That would be a great advance for patients as well. And in terms of our other activities in HIV, we have many cure programs as you know. We also have programs for those most in need in terms of the highly resistant groups of patients and then of course we have all of our PrEP programs as we discussed on the call today. So we are very much laser-focused on maintaining our leadership position scientifically and for patients with HIV and preventing HIV by all of these initiatives. So I think the issue of two versus three drug regimens has to be put in context of the decades of history of this disease and where the long-acting ultimate goal should be.
A – Robin Washington: Yes. I mean I think as we continued to discuss externally for you Dan and I'm going to -- I think we're very aligned in terms of our priorities Dan. I think you articulated that very well. We've been fairly consistent with continuing to focus on our dividend as being the primary shareholder return vehicle and we expect that to continue. And we believe ultimately that's very important to our shareholders. And share repurchases we've leveraged as you said where appropriate. So I think we continue to be aligned Geoff. You're right we have unnecessarily published a specific level of cash flow returns but I think if you look over the multiple year period, we've returned about 50% of free cash flows to shareholders in the forms of dividends as well as share repurchase and that vary year by year as we made the necessary investments to grow the company. We believe we have a financial flexibility to retain the dividend and make the investments at the end and the rest of the leadership team sees as appropriate to grow and strengthen the pipeline as Dan outlined.
A – Robin Washington: Yeah. Cory I'd just add also. Remember that for Gilead our franchise has really been driven by volume right. Pricing has been frozen in the public market, since I've been here. So, we don't get real upside relative to pricing particularly in the U.S. and as you know ex-U.S. it's all pricing decreases. So, I'm totally in agreement with everything Laura, provided in terms of our focus legislatively and competitively. But it's just -- underlying price has never been a key factor when you take a look at our HIV revenues.
A – Robin Washington: Yeah, Ronny I'll take that -- the second part of your question. What I was referring to was just a shift relative to when public buyers purchase right. And that's about payer mix right? And typically in Q1 as even the ADAP cycle, we do see that downward shift driven by payer mix. The biggest overall driver of our sequential decline this past quarter however was not pricing at all, it was inventory right. So I just want to clarify that and happy to follow up after the call on that component. Laura, do you want to address the Louisiana and …
A – Robin Washington: Perfect. So, Ronny I also wanted to go back to the other component that HIV line also includes prevention right so flat. So to your point there is that impact on the average price per patient. Because it's not the STR you're looking at the Descovy component of that right so that would also impact average price per patient as PrEP users -- PrEP usage continues to go up as well.
