James R. Meyers: Sure. I think there were a couple of questions in here. Maybe I'll deal with the contracts, which you mentioned. So what happened really is what typically is a 12-month contractual cycle that we're used to, really became a 15-month contractual cycle just largely based upon the timing of the launch of the new competition. So everything that we're working through right now in terms of finalizing the contractual process are contracts that will go through the balance of 2018.
James R. Meyers: Yes, no, I would say it's – again, as we mentioned, we're still in the process right now. We've made a lot of good progress, but it's not complete. So we're not in a position to speak about that right now. But, again, what we can signal to you is that pricing in general is similar across genotypes and it has gravitated down towards 8-weak genotypes one pricing. And, again, you'll see that more fully reflected in the fourth quarter although as they said, the process of 2018 contracting is not fully complete during this quarter.
James R. Meyers: Yes. Maybe just a first comment, anyone jump in. It would be hard to see a more rapid conversion to TAF than we've seen in the two years since the – really less than two years since the launch of Genvoya. As we said, we're at 56%. We would anticipate that by considering the mid-February PDUFA date for B/F/TAF that we could be around two-third. So that has exceeded our expectations. So there will be a – again, by 2020, we anticipate that the only folks still remaining on TDF will largely be Truvada for PrEP at that point. So there will already have been a significant conversion to TAF even before B/F/TAF launches. What we – obviously, we see TAF as really the culmination, the first regimen really without trade-offs. And what we think we're going to see at that point and what I believe we'll see is a lot of conversion of not only business that isn't TAF yet, but business that is already TAF on to B/F/TAF. Particularly, we have seen an uptick recently in the last quarter or so in patients starting on Descovy plus dolutegravir. And what physicians tell us is, is that in a lot of cases, this is in preparation for what they expect to do in the first quarter of next year. It's very logical to them and to us, but more importantly to them, switch opportunity for them, to obviously get them on a single pill. So I'm not that surprised we're seeing an uptick in that and I think that bodes very well for B/F/TAF.
James R. Meyers: Yeah. I'll start. This is Jim. I would say I agree, it looks like it was a larger drop in the third quarter relative to earlier quarters. Obviously, what helped us in the beginning of the year was the fact that we had the midyear launch of Epclusa, and that had obviously some carryover into the early part of the year. The other thing I'd say – and again, I don't mean to get into the weeds here, but I will just say that when you actually normalize this year based upon holidays and trading days, which a lot of the IMS and other companies will do for you, but don't routinely do, we've pretty much seen a fairly steady 2% month-on-month decline in patient starts basically since the start of the year. Again, there's different numbers of days and holidays in each area. So in reality, it's been less of a drop just from the second to the third quarter and more consistent and steady decline. The reason we were saying very correctly that we saw higher levels of starts than we thought was we actually started at a higher point than we thought. So there was more starts in the first half of the year than we thought. But the general trend of patient starts declining relatively consistently throughout the year has really been in place since January. And we don't expect that to change in the fourth quarter.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff, it's Kevin Young here. Let me add a little bit on the starts. The starts overall were down for the total HCV market down 51,000 for this quarter, the third quarter versus 53,000. And there was also some change as you would expect because there is a new entrant in our market share. There was a tiny bit of pricing effect, but as Jim pointed out, that pricing and share effect will have a bigger impact in the fourth quarter and then rolling into 2018. I have to say I think we're still in a really strong position, as Jim pointed out for 2018. We have really preserved the availability in our commercial payers and Part D for 2018 to use our options for Hepatitis C. So that's what we were really asked to do by our hepatologists and I think it gives them the option to use the best-in-class therapies, whatever the genotype. So whilst we are seeing changes from competition, and that is somewhat inevitable, we still believe we're in a strong position with regards to our portfolio.
Kevin B. Young: Let me just add a little bit to Robin's comments. I think I've said on the last call that in terms of patient volume, it was looking like between 185,000 and about 200,000. We would sense that it's tracking to the kind of higher end of that in terms of patient starts. What happens next year, as Robin says, remains to be seen. The numbers that we have for Europe that we've put in our original guidance seem to be pretty solid and so do Japan. So the rates of treatment is still going on out there.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Matthew. It's Kevin. There's always a worry with the start of a new kind of market about will there be commercial patients versus clinical trials. I remember in the early days of RA that was always a worry. But my experience is that there's always a demand with high need patients, as Alessandro said, for treatment from an FDA-approved product. And as Alessandro says, Kite have by far the biggest clinical trial base upon which to introduce Yescarta. So with 40 some centers that have actually had clinical experience that's a really strong base for the commercial introduction.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Phil, for this quarter, quarter three versus quarter two, it was by far driven by patient starts and share. It was a 4-point difference going from 80% to 76%. It was just a tad, it was just a little of pricing. But, as Jim says, that will become a bigger effect in Q4.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah. I think, Robyn, just for modeling purposes, I would just take out $3.73 (48:25) as the price per patient. I think that's probably a good way to think about it for you.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah, Terence, I would just give a shout-out for how well our colleagues in Europe are doing. As Jim says, that's Genvoya. Terrific that already 75% of our HIV business in Germany's already across TAF-based regimens, but it's also Descovy, as Jim makes a great point. If you look at the uptick and we've supplied you with some slides, you look at the uptick in Italy, Descovy is going terrifically. And that's a great platform for B/F/TAF. So we couldn't be happier about how we're doing this year with our HIV portfolio.
Kevin B. Young: Andrew, typically, Europe is more seasonally sort of orientated. We did see France and Spain come down a little bit in the third quarter, although nicely, Italy was quite strong, because there's a lot bigger opening now there is general access across all genotypes to HCV therapy, and there's a lot of untreated patients there. Typically, fourth quarter is as good if not a little bit stronger than third quarter in Europe. I don't think there's really much seasonality, as Jim points out, between third and fourth quarter in the U.S.
Kevin B. Young: Umer, again, we can't jump ahead and start to give you kind of numbers for 2018. As Jim said, we're finalizing all of our contracts. And there are the three variables: patient starts, which still continues to be a big variable, there is the pricing and there is the share. The one thing that's now come off the table really is duration, because the use of Harvoni, use of Epclusa is pretty standardized now. So that's not really a variable. Yes, you can do the maths of taking away our first three quarters from the guidance that Robin took you through. But we really don't wish to go any further than where we are with, I think, a 2017 that we delivered on our original guidance in hepatitis C and have done superbly with over-exceeding our HIV guidance. But we'll get to 2018 when we get to 2018.
Kevin B. Young: Well, Katherine, you're making me nervous here. I think it'll be – I think a staged launch in China. What's remarkable is in the last 12 months how the China FDA have changed their regulations and, particularly for products that we've got in the viral area, are very, very motivated to see these products come to market. We will have a relatively small organization in China. That's quite deliberate. We want to really do the right thing and be highly compliant and bring our therapies very responsibly to the Chinese market. We've known the Chinese opinion leaders for a long time, even though we haven't actually had an office in China. So that gave us the confidence and the platform upon which to start to put in our organization. We have a very seasoned General Manager. It will be, as you say, a private market launch to begin with. We have missed the national listings, which are now closed for the coming year, but in 2018, we will be trying to bridge from the private market into provincial reimbursement and when the next round of national authorization opens, then we will try to get Sovaldi, Harvoni, and Epclusa and Vemlidy, for that matter, because HBV is a very prevalent disease in China onto national listings. So we want to walk before we can run. But there's no doubt that our antivirals are much needed for the infection rates in China.
Kevin B. Young: And, Ying, we will see some competitive effects running into Europe that will be a country-by-country. I have to say that Epclusa is doing really, really well in Europe, and is the number 1 Hepatitis C product, that's being used across all genotypes in the European market. So we believe we've got a very able competitor to the new market entrant in Epclusa.
John F. Milligan: Yeah. Michael, I would say that I think that in the fourth quarter you'll see more fully the impact of new competition on both price and share. We're not through with the contracting process. So again, I think that to Robin's point, we will issue guidance. We'll have a more complete picture of what 2018 looks like as we get closer to there. I can just tell you that again, we hope to – we believe strongly we'll be able to maintain access for physicians and patients in 2018 similar to what we had in 2017. We have been able to maintain parity and preferred access with the major payers at least in the Medicare and commercial books of business with those that we've worked with so far. Again, we also have maintained parity access in the VA. Where we will continue to remain disadvantaged is in the Medicaid segment, particularly the Medicaid Managed Care segment. But again, in those scenarios, we're mainly seeing Mavyret replace Zepatier. But in the areas where we got the majority of our business and had the greatest access, we will remain either at parity and preferred access, and we are very confident in our ability, when all of this shakes out, to continue to remain market leader from a share perspective.
John F. Milligan: Sure. Well, I'll take the first part and then maybe some combination – yeah, Alessandro on the second. But let me step back for a minute and just remind that the payer mix for – we believe, and I think we feel fairly confident about this – will be about 50% to 60% commercial; the rest, largely Medicare; a little bit of Medicaid. And remember, within Medicare, there's a portion that is DRG-related and a portion that isn't. All the discussions the Kite folks have had with payers to this point, both government and private payers have indicated that they believe that they will cover Yescarta beginning an approval while they update the medical policies and so forth. Now, there's a difference between covering and reimbursement obviously. And reimbursement levels will vary by payer segment and also by the contractual agreements that exist between hospital and payers, which are independent of anything that we're involved with. We do believe that over time that Medicare DRG segments will probably at most grow to approximate about a third of the payer mix. They won't be close to that in the first year or so because, again, most of these centers are PPS exempt, meaning that they are not reimbursed based on DRGs and it's more about fee-for-service and more like a commercial-type reimbursement. Even with that, these hospitals are well adept at using non-CAR-T DRGs until they actually have a CAR-T-specific DRG. And I think it's important to remember that what we're dealing with right now is not new. Every hospital-based product launched in the last 20 years has done so without a DRG at launch. So it's not like they're having to figure this out for the first time. So there's experienced people in these cancer centers that do this for stem cell transplants, that do this for every product, hospital base that they've had come in. And last thing I'll say and then turn it to Alessandro is just, one of the prerequisites of these cancer centers being certified to administer CAR-T was a determination that reimbursement would be sufficient to make this financially feasible for them based on their payer mix. So we don't – obviously, we would love to have, and we will have, in a couple of years the CAR-T-specific DRG. We have NATAP and things we can do in the interim. But this is not novel ground and hospitals are very adept at using other DRGs and other codes to get sufficient reimbursement.
John F. Milligan: Sure, Robyn. Thank you. Just touching on value-based pricing at first, we are in ongoing and active discussions with really all commercial and government payers, including CMS. And I can convey to you there are varying degrees of interest and ability to execute value-based contracts. It truly does vary by payer. You may be aware there's a lot of operational complexities to this in addition to just government price barriers to implementing this across all payer segments. But we have communicated our openness to considering solutions – any and all solutions to improve patient access regardless of what they may be. It may end up not being value-based pricing, it could be something different. But we're very open to it. There's a reason why to our knowledge, we don't – at least, historically, we haven't seen value-based pricing in oncology. It's not the easiest to execute under current regulations. But we're open to that. I think that remember what I said that a lot – part of the certification process and the vetting process at these hospitals is, these are hospitals that are very used to having to do the same thing with stem cell transplants; understanding who's a commercial patient, who's a Medicare patient; where am I going to get reimbursed at this level; where am I going to get reimbursed at that level. So they really are conducting the same type of calculus here. And one of the reasons why they end up coming onboard is they feel they can make this work for them.
John F. Milligan: Hey, Cory. It's John Milligan. Thanks for the question. So a couple things to say. The Kite acquisition was done very rapidly, and, of course, we are spending a lot of time now figuring out how to best work with our colleagues at Kite. I can say that they had – and we are quite interested in bringing in technology that will enhance our ability to move CAR-T forward to the next generations of CAR-T. As we had mentioned on the call when we acquired Kite, when we announced the acquisition, that we see this as a platform that will require continuous innovation. And so we are quite active in bringing in technologies, which will help us move this CAR-T forward. Having said that, it's also true that M&A is going to be an ongoing activity at Gilead, where we will be in a constant state of evaluation of opportunities to bring in revenues or technologies that we think will help enhance our portfolio and our top line for the future. So I can tell you we're very, very active. I'm not going give you hints as to what we might be looking at. But I can say the group that we've put together is very, very good. And we are constantly evaluating stuff internally and with our board. So I would expect us to continue to be quite active in the coming years.
John F. Milligan: Yes. Maybe start with Genvoya, no, we are not seeing anything. There's month-to-month fluctuations just based on – I wouldn't call it seasonality, but just the number of holidays and so forth. But there is – the uptake of Genvoya has not shown any attenuation at all and couldn't be going stronger. Again, as we said, 56% we expect to get to about two-thirds by the time of the launch of the B/F/TAF in terms of the presented TAF. So no worries there. The second question was just in terms of the drop-off in the fourth quarter. Again, that's the first quarter on Hep C where will see the – more fully, the impact of both the dynamics we spoke about in pricing, where it is now consistent across genotypes and has come down more towards genotype one eight-week levels. And again, also, more of the impact of share. So both of those things were reflected in that. And again, that's reflective of the updated guidance that was provided earlier in this call.
John F. Milligan: And just to reiterate, again, maybe it didn't play out exactly from the four different dynamics that drive revenue as we thought. Patient starts were higher. Price and share, at least, later in the year, were lower. But 2017 HCV revenue will fall within the original guidance that was issued last February. So we feel very good about that.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Brian. It's Norbert. So thanks for that question. Yeah, we presented data – 12 weeks data by the way. We couldn't do a longer study, because we didn't have the supporting talks, (31:28) talks done. That's done now, of course. And the data showed that there was a good reduction in liver fat as measured by MRI. There were also certain markers of fibrosis – biomarkers of fibrosis were down. Not all of them, but it looked then there was a dose response. So it was a very nicely behaved compound. And as John said in his prepared remarks, we will almost certainly start combination studies sometime next year. Now, you mentioned one side effect that we did see that was clearly drug-related was triglyceride elevations. Now two comments to that. First of all, out of the 16, the large majority, 12, occurred in patients that already started with high triglycerides of 250 or higher. Secondly, some of these triglyceride elevations were reduced to a lesser grade with continued dosing. So it seems to be an immediate effect. We think actually, by the way, mechanistic, it's a redistribution effect. You shut down lipid synthesis and then the triglycerides come by releasing VLDL from the liver. That's one hypothesis that we have. In the future, how we're going to manage this is, first of all, with statins or fish oil, and number two, by excluding those patients that have high triglycerides at baseline. We think this is manageable. As I said, either with con-meds or with choosing the patients carefully, and over time, the triglycerides may go down to normal levels. Again, we don't have data right now beyond 12 weeks. We will see that in the next study.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Geoff. Thanks for the question. So the one study that's published where they looked at background venothrombolic events in RA points to a number of six per 1,000 patient years. So it's very rare, but it does occur in inflammatory conditions. Now, if you look across all the studies that have been published with JAK inhibitors, there's a pretty good variation. And while I don't – and by the way, we also believe that there is insufficient evidence that any of these JAK inhibitors that it's drug related. The numbers are just too small. So we (34:46) 1,300 patient years' experience with filgotinib across all our clinical studies. And I don't want to tell you the number that we have in terms of these events. It's very small. But if you look at the rate per patient year exposures, we're at the very low end of what other companies have seen and what has been reported in the literature. And the last thing I would like to add, Geoff, if you believe that these events are drug-related and if you believe that the mechanism has to do with JAK2 inhibition – and as I think I mentioned last time, there's a paper published that looked at a JAK2 knockout mouse, and those mice had higher platelet levels. So it's entirely possible that somehow the venous – the thromboembolic events have to do with high platelet levels, then we should not have that effect, because number one, filgotinib doesn't inhibit JAK2. And number two, we actually see platelets going down in our studies. So this is the extent of my wisdom that I have on this subject.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: FXR? Okay. No, so you will see – so we have a Phase 2 study kind of ending. We should have data fairly soon. That's going to be a 24-week study, by the way. And you will see data then presented probably at EASL. We haven't really decided yet where we're going to go with those. But what we have seen, it's well-thought. There's no effect; it's well tolerated. We think – I think we have disclosed that it releases FGF19, that has been published. So the only question is, is the GI-generated FGF19 that then goes to deliver, is that enough to have the same efficacy as, for instance, in FXR agonist that actually gets physically to deliver. That's the question we haven't answered yet. That will come with the Phase 2 study. So we hope we'll have some data on that. But FXR, clearly, it's a proven mechanism with OCA. The FLINT study was published a few years ago in NEJM. Again, the OCA has some drawbacks. And we think with a gut-restricted FXR agonist that we have, we could probably potentially solve some of those downsides.
