Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff, nice to hear your voice as well. Thank you for the comments. I'm not at all pessimistic about the long-term prospects for hepatitis C. In fact, I'm rather optimistic. I think what we have seen 2014/2015 is an enormous group of the less well patients treated particularly by specialist hepatitis C treaters. It's really quite amazing. I think this quarter, and we've highlighted perhaps going forward, is really a sort of a payer mix situation that we've got. The VA has definitely increased in terms of its contribution to the 59,000 total HCV starts, which, of course, was an increase on quarter one. So a lot of VA patients are coming through, and the VA is very, very motivated to try to essentially eradicate the virus from that population. I think, yes, we did see pickup in two of the large payers that came onstream with open fibrosis scores from the beginning of the year, but we did see some downtick in other commercial payers. So net-net, it was slightly a decrease in overall commercial patients. What I feel about the long term and as we go into years further forward and we hit an equilibrium of patients is all around what I mentioned and John mentioned around diagnoses, there's been a considerable pickup in the number of HCV tests 2014 and 2015, about a 65% increase in the number of HCV tests, 280,000 in that two-year period were HCV RNA positive. So, as John said, they will eventually work their way through to treatment. There's still over a quarter of the population being diagnosed is at a fall, so there's still a lot of sickness out there in patients. So whilst the healthcare system here and in some of the European markets have done heroic things in treating patients in the last two years, I still think with 1.5 million diagnosed patients in the United States, that we are going to see a continued healthy flow of patients that can benefit from our products.
Kevin B. Young: Thanks for the question, Geoff. I think it is encouraging that our patient starts in the U.S. and Europe have been reasonably steady over the past three quarters. Japan's a different story and I can certainly at some point comment on that this afternoon. I think from my perspective and Robin, Norbert, John around the table here, I think it's more of the latter comment that there will continue to be a gradual decline in new patient starts, but an equilibrium will be eventually hit. Quite the timing of that, Geoff, it's really, really, really hard to peg. I've just got to believe that with the amount of testing, with the amount of diagnoses, with the CDC guidelines, Gilead itself in Q3 – Q4 of this year are going to do some more educational programs around the need to test and treat that we will eventually hit an equilibrium. In terms of Europe, Italy and Spain are very steady. I should tell you that in Italy, there are still 200,000 quite sick individuals, people to be treated and they're in treated care. And the Italian government do want to go ahead and try and mobilize providers to do that treating, so still an enormous number in Italy. I think the markets that are more akin to the U.S. like first and foremost, Germany and to a slight lesser extent France, are starting to see that turnover of patients. We've got full access in terms of fibrosis score in Germany. And we're hoping, as I said, that we get broader access in France. The UK is a different situation now. It's largely due to payer restrictions. But again, still an enthusiasm to treat, but one or two of those markets there is some maturing going on.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Michael. It's Kevin. Thank you for the question. I'd prefer not to break out specifically the percentage of the public payers in terms of Medicaid. As I said, all our public payers lumped together for the quarter were about 45%. That's an increase from the previous quarter. But as I said, that's all driven by VA. We've seen very little change really in the scale and size of our Medicaid business. I think it would be true to say that Medicaid's – the states are slowly, progressively opening up. Forty percent of Medicaid patients come from the five largest states. Two of those, New York and Florida, now have no fibrosis score. So as states do progressively consider opening up, they typically come to us for a contract. We think about those contracts very carefully. Depending on the size of Medicaid, we obviously put our submission in. Realistically, I think we may win, we hope, the majority of those, but there may be occasions when occasionally a Medicaid state goes to the competition.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah, great question, Brian. Nice to hear your voice as well. Brian, the majority of the revenues in the second quarter, which is right at the end. The majority of that was inventory that Robin called out. So we've really only just begun the introduction, both the promotion and the education around Epclusa. I'm really pleased that the response has been excellent. And our advisory boards and our speaker programs have been good acceptance. Whilst we have obviously a pan-genotypic label, I think the reality is that physicians are very, very comfortable, as are payers, with Harvoni for genotype 1. Obviously, there's a mix of 12-week treatments and eight-week. Just for your information, the eight-week course of Harvoni is now 45% of patients treated in the United States. So I think people are just really comfortable with the clinical effect and the value proposition of Harvoni in GT 1. That all means that the slot that people see Epclusa is in the genotype 2 and genotype 3 patient. As I highlighted, it's something like in the order of 20% to 25% of patients in the United States. I think the obvious advantage both clinically and from a payer point of view is you really do have a 12-week single-tablet regimen. You don't have to extend the treatment duration. You don't have to use ribavirin. There was quite a number of patients treated with Sovaldi/daclatasvir, certainly in United States. So really somewhat it takes away that regimen and is an excellent slot. So we've had very good reception to Epclusa. It's extremely early days. It will take us three months to six months to get payer approval. Physicians can apply based on medical need and we know they're doing that. So just very early days and weeks. It seems to have found a very nice entry point.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah. And I would just add, Cory, that the Gilead way is always to lead with the science around our product. Nothing's changed in my eyes as I've come back into the company. We lead with science. That's what you do in specialist markets. It is a reality that there's more contracting. I think we've got a phenomenal team working on this. I met with them two weeks ago. And I think they're highly professional. And we always lead with value. That's the key thing. We think we've got tremendous products that either control disease or cure disease and they add terrific value. And that's the course we're going to stay.
Kevin B. Young: I'll start and then hand the question to Robin. You know, Robyn, it's really hard. We've got markets in different stages of development whether it be U.S., parts of the U.S., different countries in Europe, and, obviously, interesting and profound dynamics in Japan. So that partly made up of patient flows and partly made up of sort of payer flow. I think the big thing this quarter, from the point of view of the U.S., was very much a payer kind of mix with the large addition of patients from the VA. So I think in the last three months that was probably the biggest thing. We have not changed our prices in the U.S. Q2 versus Q1. It was largely we're seeing dramatic, but incredibly successful program from VA.
Kevin B. Young: So I'll take the first part in terms of pricing and competitive impact, very little in terms of our commercial payer areas because the contracts essentially were set up at the end of last year for the full year, so very little change in market share within the commercial payer segments. We still have a very strong position in VA with Harvoni and Sovaldi, particularly Harvoni. I think probably where we're seeing increased competitive activity is in the Medicaid setting where, as I described earlier, some of the smaller states are requesting contracts as they open up access. So I think that's probably where we see the competition. And again, because of our very strong value proposition, we hope we can be successful in the majority of those. But again, on occasions we may find that they go to the competition.
Kevin B. Young: It's a good question, Ian. We're waiting to see some of the obviously emerging clinical data. Right now, I think we've got a situation, certainly in the U.S. Japan with this resistant situation I think is perhaps quite unique in terms of the original use of the Bristol-Myers regimen. But I think we've got patients being cured to an incredibly high level with Harvoni. And now we've got the right treatment, I think, in (1:06:11). So I think in the U.S., perhaps in Europe, it will be far more modest, the opportunity. Having said that, it depends where we are with those products, our products with where the competition is, obviously what we decide to do in terms of the pricing strategy. I think most importantly, from a company point of view, we think this is the right thing to do and probably the last step in the whole story around hepatitis C to help treatment-experienced or failure patients. So I think first and foremost, we think this is the right thing to do for patients in need.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Terence. First of all, in terms of any feature rates of market, I did mention Australia earlier, and that's an incredible story of treating and curing patients and amazing commitment by the government there. We are seeing more patients treated in Brazil. It's a lower price market, but we have seeing more. We are just beginning our launch in Mexico. So, yes, these are smaller markets. Typically, they are lower-priced. But those – if you like, those smaller ways are starting to work through. We are thinking carefully about China and how we launch there probably in a very modest, very focused way, very efficient way, should I say. So our expectations, I think, are very reasonable around China. So the second question in terms of switch, about 18% of the switch patients is from ATRIPLA. So I hope that gives you the number.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: And so, Regina, you asked a question about what our pipeline is for hepatitis B. So we have, as you know, two compounds that are currently in clinical development. One is an active vaccine, GS-4779, a collaboration with GlobeImmune. That's currently in the later stages of being evaluated in non-suppressed hep B patients. The suppressed hep B patients, those data had been released maybe a year ago. They did not show any activity. So we don't have high hopes that this compound will work. Then the TLR-7 agonist is just finishing the first cohort, which is in suppressed patients. And we are currently initiating – the second cohort is ongoing. We hope that we'll have the presentation of the first cohort ready by ASLD. Hopefully, we'll reach the abstract deadline. Then you said that – you asked a question about we have two other compounds in development. You know what we're pursuing – maybe I should answer this more generally. So we're pursuing three approaches to hepatitis B cure. The one is adding another different mechanism to the nucleotides because there's the observation that despite being undetectable with hepatitis B therapies like Viread or TAF, there was always a little bit of virus left, HBV, if you look at very sensitive PCR methods. So by adding another mechanism to it, we could completely suppress virus replication down to zero, would that lead to an eventual cure or hepatitis S conversion. The second thing we're pursuing is immune therapy, so that belongs to vaccine and to TLR-7 that I've talked about already. And we have a TLR-8 agonist currently that is working its way towards an IND. And the third possibility that's the most hopeful but also the one that's least scientifically proven is going directly after cccDNA. And that's really too early to talk about at this point. It's still in the research stages.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Hi, Matt, your question about F/TAF for PrEP, so we and also the outside medical community believes that obviously Descovy or F/TAF would have advantages in terms of use for PrEP versus Truvada for all the obvious data that were published already. And also, we have data non-human – in animal models that showed that has the same efficacy. The thing we're debating internally and also we have had early discussions with FDA is what clinical study would need to be done that leads to approval. It would have to be in almost all likelihood a comparative study and then the secret is what would be the sample size and what would be the powering. And that's currently a discussion we're having with FDA. We hope we can come to some conclusion within the next month or so and then let you know.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Ying, you asked a question about the pan-genotypic NS5A. So we're, of course, aware of the data that were presented at EASL. They looked fairly impressive. They had a number of genotypes with high SVR rates. However, what they're doing right now in Phase 3 is not looking at the eight-week treatment duration or genotypes in old patients. I would like to contrast this with our own triple combination, SOF/VEL/VOX, that John Milligan mentioned. We are looking essentially at two patient populations. One patient population is experienced that had previously failed other DAAs that treatment duration is for 12 weeks. And then we're looking at all genotypes, cirrhotic and non-cirrhotic patients, for eight-week treatment duration. And we have one study in particular that only looks at eight weeks of treatment duration in the most difficult to treat genotype 3 cirrhotic patients because that's still a population where SVR rates are still in the low 90%. And if we could push that up into the high 90%, that would be a step forward. So I think if our Phase 3 program, the data supports our Phase 2 results, then we will be a step ahead of all the competition.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, I'll take the first part and then Norbert will take the second. Matt, first of all, there are two separate things that we're talking about here, Q2 versus Q1. First, let me address Q2. We did have a sales return reserve adjustment, really related to the fact that as we introduced our new hep C product, we're required to go out and get an external proxy related to sales return reserves. And just recently, just this past quarter we closed several of the lots related to our product regimes, and no further returns are expected. So that gives us a triggering event by which we can look at returns versus how we had been accruing. The other key thing about the timing of this related to this accrues a lot. So as we bring on a new product, we want to rebase their level of returns that we're expecting to see. So that's really the adjustment there. For the most part, you can see – it's one-time in nature. We may have small adjustments going forward. But as long as returns continue where they are then that $279 million is kind of a one-time event. Last quarter, we had a different issue and that related to rebate claims for hepatitis C. And as I said on the call last time, we always have a situation, where we're constantly showing up claims around HCV rebate, because we get those claims one to two quarters in arrear. This quarter was a bit different than last quarters that we saw a modernization of the level of those claims relative to the prior quarter. So it didn't reverse the other way, it was just a slowing of what we saw in Q1. So we're – for lack of a better word, we're a little bit more caught up relative to returns this quarter than we were at the end of Q1. So two different items, but we called out the $279 million because that was the one-time event. So we wanted to ensure that you understood relative to the future projection of HCV sales.
Robin L. Washington: So, Phil, I'll start. I think relative to the cash flow, what I was messaging was really just related to the dynamics of payment, right. So we have accrued rebates and other things that kind of cause volatility to quarterly cash flow. So overall, our cash flows remain strong, but we definitely expect a sequential decrease in cash flow second half. Relative to our overall capital allocation, it's no different than what we've been messaging; again, more focused on our BD opportunity. But I'll let John speak a little bit more and just again, focus on that. And that additional focus has meant we're somewhat less focused on share repurchases in the second half of the year.
Robin L. Washington: Robyn, I'll add to that. I agree with Kevin. I think the heavier percentage of more discounted payers along with the fact that on the commercial side, we're seeing slight decreases in the U.S. And Kevin mentioned earlier about what we're also seeing relative to the mix shift in countries in Europe less of Northern Europe, Germany, France, and more of Italy and Spain. The other part of your question is, as we said earlier throughout the call, this is a really difficult area to predict. It's unlike any other – it's a curative market and it's very large relative to Gilead's total revenue. So it's a question we have in ourselves as we think in the outer years how can we continue or can we really guide around HCV revenues. So we guided this year, but it's definitely something we're getting a lot of proxy as we think about the trends of HCV going forward and all the dynamics that we're trying to deal with it. It's very complex. So more to follow on that.
John F. Milligan: I think there were a couple of questions. So it's John Milligan. So in terms of – let me get to the last bit. You said there was a bump in R&D. That is true relating somewhat to our acquisition of Nimbus. So there were charges associated with that and are also charges associated – I should say, expenses associated with the purchase of an FDA priority review voucher. So we're very pleased to get that on board. And we'll look forward to explaining when we're going to use that. Above and beyond that, actually, R&D expenses were slightly down what we – beneath what we had forecasted, because we continue to hold the cost centers accountable and continue to drive good value through our clinical teams in getting studies done at a cost-effective way. So in terms of that, there's no difference. The SG&A line came down a little bit, because of some one-time charges that were lower than we – I'm sorry – the IRS charges was lower than we anticipated. So kind of what we would expect. In terms of signaling about pricing or changes in management about structures, I don't really think there's anything to signal there in terms of our pricing strategy. We're highly competitive. We think we have a very good differentiated product. And we'll continue to do the best for the company and for patients by coming to the right level of price and access.
John F. Milligan: And just to follow up on what Robin said, Phil, we were very aggressive in the first quarter of this year. That's why we back off a little bit from where we are in the second half of the year. Mostly, you get the full-year effect or a greater effect of repurchasing the almost 100 million shares through Robin's program. With regard to business development, obviously, we're a company that has been very open about being interested in doing more deals; especially, deals of a certain size where we think we can get some leverage and we can use our organization to effectively accelerate or expand indications. We've done some good deals both with Galapagos and Nimbus recently. We are very interested in continuing that to add more things to our pipeline, especially, in the non-antiviral area where we continue to see growth and franchises. It's our hope that as we exit this year, we'll have a better, more complete story of programs internally and externally that we can use to talk about why the long-term prospects for growth are as good as we believe they are. And that's what we'll be focused on.
John F. Milligan: I'd just follow up with Norbert's comment by saying, we are committed to oncology. We continue to be interested in assets, collaborations, and partnerships where we could enhance our ability to continue to sell these products. But where we are seeing good progress, as Norbert mentioned, our BTK inhibitor, which is we're developing with our partner from ONO, is now making its way to the clinic. And we've overcome some formulation challenges to allow us to go ahead. So that will be very, very, I think, an interesting avenue for us to continue to explore.
