Daniel O’Day: Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everybody. We’re pleased to connect with all of you today to share the details of another very strong quarter. Thanks to strong commercial and clinical execution by our teams, the positive momentum continues to build. Total product sales excluding Veklury were $6.1 billion, growing 6% sequentially and 11% year‐over‐year. The total including Veklury was $7 billion. If we exclude the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the tail‐end of the loss of exclusivity for Truvada and Atripla in HIV, total product sales excluding Veklury grew 15% from the third quarter of last year. The majority of this growth was driven by HIV and over 40% of the $620 million increase in sales came from oncology. The team will share more details, but this has been a great quarter for commercial execution, including: continued share gains for Biktarvy, growing momentum for Trodelvy, another impressive quarter for cell therapy, and a strong quarter for Veklury. We also saw continued clinical momentum this quarter. Some of the highlights include: the FDA priority review granted to Trodelvy for late line HR-positive/HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer, the EU approvals for Yescarta for second line relapsed and refractory Large B‐Cell Lymphoma, and Tecartus in adult Acute Lymphoblastic Lymphoma, and in virology, lenacapavir received its first regulatory approval, in Europe. Marketed as Sunlenca, it is approved for heavily‐treatment experienced people living with multi‐drug resistant HIV, making it the first approved capsid inhibitor and the first therapy with a six‐month dosing schedule for HIV treatment. We are taking multiple important steps to advance our ambitious clinical pipeline, including: in oncology, we are expanding our lung program, with 8 trials now active, and 3 more planned to start in the coming months; we plan to resume our phase two trial investigating a once‐weekly oral combination of Merck’s islatravir and our lenacapavir. This will be one of many ongoing combination studies we have for long‐acting HIV treatment, in addition to our extensive program for prevention; and we continue to further strengthen our early‐stage portfolio, adding a BTLA agonist for inflammation from MiroBio and an option for a bispecific antibody for oncology from MacroGenics. Moving to our clinical goals for 2022 on slide 5, we’re on track to start the 2 remaining Phase 3 trials, namely EVOKE‐03 for first line non‐small cell lung cancer and ZUMA‐23 for first line high risk LBCL. We continue to expect another interim readout for the Phase 2 ARC‐7 study in first line non‐small cell lung cancer before the end of the year. Overall, this has been another very strong quarter in a very strong year for Gilead. We’re seeing impressive growth of our base business with continued share gains for Biktarvy, an excellent performance for cell therapy and growing demand for Trodelvy. On the clinical side, we’ve had the first approval for lenacapavir, a foundational asset for the future of our HIV franchise. Trodelvy is now under priority review for HR-positive/HER2-negative breast cancer in the U.S. and we’re executing on an extensive development program across virology, oncology and inflammation. Finally, the recent TAF settlement is expected to significantly extend the exclusivity of key components of our HIV franchise in the U.S. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank the Gilead and Kite teams for their outstanding clinical and commercial execution. This consistent execution of our strategy, along with a very robust portfolio has led to some terrific progress in 2022 and we look forward to building on that momentum through the rest of the year and beyond. With that, I’ll invite Johanna to share an update on our third quarter commercial performance.
Daniel O’Day: Hey Matthew, Dan O’Day here. So we’ll have Merdad take the first part of your question, and then Johanna can feed into the second.
Daniel O’Day: And Matthew, this is Dan O’Day. I’ll just add one other thing in addition to my colleagues, which is in our conversations with the U.S. government, particularly the recent Fast Track designation that was applied to GS-5245, there’s 3 major things that they’re interested in, too. Number one is more oral antivirals; number two, to the points that both Merdad and Johanna made, working across the variance as the virus continues to mutate; and then thirdly, lack of DDI, lack of boosting and this rebound issue. So, I think it’s a recognition of the fact that there is a need for the ongoing pandemic/endemic, whatever you want to call it with COVID for additional options. And I think that’s expressed in the way the U.S. government wants to work closely with us as we continue to develop this program.
Daniel O’Day: Thanks, Umer. Let me just start before I hand it over to Andy to say, obviously, with any litigation, we’re -- we don’t comment on ongoing litigation in any level of detail. I do want to emphasize the confidence we have in our overall patent portfolio in general. And maybe with that, I’ll hand it over to Andy to answer some more specifics of your question as well.
Daniel O’Day: Terrific. With that -- this is Dan. I just want to thank all of you for joining today. And I just wanted to emphasize how we believe our third quarter performance demonstrates the tangible impact of delivering on our strategy. After putting the right foundation in place over the past three years, we’re now seeing the positive momentum that continues to build. It’s an exciting time for the Company as we realize our potential to do more, to reach further and to help more patients and the communities we serve. So, I just want to take this opportunity to thank all the colleagues again at Gilead and Kite to thank all of you for joining your interest in Gilead. And as usual, if you have any additional questions, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. As you know, they’re more than happy to help. And thank you for joining today.
Merdad Parsey: Hi Chris, this is Merdad. Let me first start by saying that we are really excited about the recent approval for lenacapavir in this -- in the highly treatment-experienced population. Obviously, that’s a group of people who have limited options, and I think lenacapavir as a new class provides a new opportunity for them. In terms of islatravir, what we like about islatravir is that it is fairly late in its development. We are able to be in Phase 2 with that. And I think it provides us a relatively near-term opportunity to launch a partner in treatment for lenacapavir that could be given in a long-acting way. And I think that’s really important in terms of where the market is going and what our goal is in terms of, as we’ve said before, providing a long-acting parenteral option that is longer than in the 3 months or longer time frame. And we’re optimistic about our ability to do that. So for that, we have our internal pipeline assets that are really providing our options there. For islatravir, that’s part of our oral program. And for us, we do think that we have a number of opportunities in terms of oral programs to provide weekly oral treatment options for people using lenacapavir. And right now is a potential certainly islatravir is an option there, and we have other options in our pipeline that could potentially get that -- get to that level. So, the way I look at it, just to answer directly your last question, we do think that there will be a lenacapavir partner, and there will be probably one partner that will achieve our therapeutic goals in oral, potentially a different partner in parenteral. And as we go forward, if we can make improvements whether that’s lenacapavir and being able to provide even longer than six-month therapy or to the partner that we could extend the duration of therapy with a different molecule or a different formulation, we’ll always try to get to that longer exposure. So over time, I expect us to continue to try to innovate and move forward.
Merdad Parsey: Salveen, this is Merdad again. Yes, maybe I’ll start by saying that really, nothing has really changed in terms of the ARC-7 study and where we’re headed. And the reminder make is that this is going to be the fourth interim analysis for the ongoing Phase 2 study and enrollment was only recently completed over the summer. And so, when we look at that, if you think about it in that context, to your point, we continue to look for consistency in the dom and zim combination as a doublet in the ORR to bolster our ongoing Phase 3 program, right, just to underline our confidence in the TIGIT and dom combination. Based on the data we’ve seen already, and this should continue to support that. In terms of PFS, I think PFS is -- as I tried to allude to, given the fact that enrollment went on until fairly recently, the likelihood is that PFS is going to be fairly immature and may not be informative. And certainly, when we think about the triplet there as well, it’s unlikely that PFS is going to be informative, but it may be. And so, we’ll look at that, and our plan is to evaluate the data and then decide with our partners at Arcus what the data and how we approach it. And certainly, as we’ve said before, making sure that we are sharing the data at a medical conference next year. And exactly to your point, it’s really about confirming the confidence we already have in TIGIT and moving into Phase 3 with our -- with the lead programs that we’re moving with. So, I hope that answers your question.
Merdad Parsey: And maybe -- this is Merdad. Maybe I’ll add to that. We’re not done, right? And I think we’re excited about how much we’ve been able to achieve with Trodelvy so far, and you’ve seen consistent positive data across tumor types. And in particular, I think, as Johanna highlighted, the late-line therapy, certainly, those are patients who may now -- there’s a potential that some of them will be getting in HER2 beforehand. We don’t have data on sequencing, but I do believe that there may be those who decide to treat for those patients who may not respond adequately to in HER2 to later lines, right? So that’s kind of where, certainly, there’s an opportunity there. The other thing I would add is that we’ve got really strong data in triple-negative breast, including the HER2 -- sorry, in HR-positive breast cancer, including the HER2 zero population. And I think that’s a very important distinction and really important to remember. And then finally, based on what we’ve seen so far and the clinical benefit we’ve brought, we certainly believe that there’s an opportunity for us to move to earlier lines of therapy as well in breast cancer in triple negative, in HR-positive and in other tumor types. I think that’s -- our excitement about Trodelvy has always been the ability to go into broad tumor types, and our strategy has always been to advance into earlier lines of therapy as we generate positive data.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, Michael, Merdad, thanks for the question. I think just to follow on, it’s a great follow-on to the prior question around our ability to really look across tumor types and earlier lines. And in particular, I think what you’re referencing is our confidence in going into early line lung cancer and starting those studies. To your point, we’ve seen data, as you know, very well from our early Phase 1b study in lung cancer. And we continue to enroll and we’ve initiated now studies looking at both the second- and third-line setting and we -- and then as well as in the frontline setting. As you know, we’re doing a study in combination with EVOKE-03 [ph] with the PD-1 and the PD-L1 high population, which I think is really an important trial for us to proceed on. So, I think what I would say is that the timing of the data, Michael, is always difficult to predict. We have to see how the study enrollment goes, and it’s early days. But we’re really excited about the opportunity to bring a meaningful therapy to a group with a very high unmet need.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks for the question. Happy to expand on that. Yes, look, bictegravir is an amazing molecule and has done a lot for patients. And one of the opportunities we looked at is in addition to thinking about bictegravir for long-acting oral was to see if we could give it as a long-acting subcutaneous. And really, what happened is we had tolerability issues just given that molecule subcu in terms of injection site reactions. So, it’s not about the molecule itself. One of the challenges of developing long-acting subcutaneous therapies is tolerability. And so, I want to make sure that it’s clear that bictegravir as an oral agent continues to be a huge part of where we want to go. And then maybe just to step back to your point, the way I think about it, maybe the way to think about is from a PrEP standpoint, long-acting, we are lenacapavir, it’s prep for long-acting and that -- those studies are underway, moving along nicely. From a treatment standpoint, as I mentioned earlier, lenacapavir is a huge part of our backbone therapy for us. And now, we are looking at a number of different opportunities to get to long-acting oral and long-acting parenteral. And molecules like lenacapavir don’t come along every day. We are looking for a number of -- at a number of molecules. We think we have the world-class expertise in chemistry and preclinical development that gives us a leg up on the competition to get to those molecules that will really get to the need that Johanna laid out, which is to get to the subcutaneous or every three-month dosing or even longer, and that’s what we’re looking for.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks, Dan. Yes. Thanks, Matthew. So, 5245 has -- as you know, we started those trials in Phase I earlier this year. Things are going well. And as you know, the pandemic has changed a lot. And I think you make an excellent point that looking at high-risk patients is a challenge right now in looking at high-risk patients who may get hospitalized as a challenge right now, giving vaccination, other treatment options. So exactly to your point, I think the discussion we’re having internally and with our regulators is what’s the best population for us to establish the benefit of 5245. And how does that anticipate what might come down the road, which has been the unpredictable part, whether that is resistance to other agents, the need for combination agents, new variants that may increase the hospitalization rates. Those are all the things that we have to be prepared for. And we really see 5245 as a way -- as we move forward with that and move into clinical trials once we demonstrate its efficacy as an important tool, should the pandemic start to pick up again, heaven forbid, but that’s how we think about it. So both combinations and treating resistance or a new surge.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Geoff. This is Merdad. Yes, we’re -- I think our chemistry and our virology team do favor the INSTIs as a class where we believe that we have a better shot at getting to a long-acting partner for the capsid inhibitors. So, I would say a fair bit of our effort is going into those. But -- and we are open to looking at a variety of mechanisms to achieve our goal. We just think that the INSTIs are more likely to get there. I will remind you, this may have gone under the radar, but we do have the program where we are looking at the bnAb. I did mention it in the script and that does provide us another option for people from a long-acting standpoint where we’re looking at every six months potentially there. So, we are pretty open and committed to finding the right partner that will achieve our goals.
Johanna Mercier: So maybe just to add to that, Chris, in light of what Merdad was just referring to, we’ve done a lot of patient market research to really understand the segments within the oral market, but also with the long-acting market, specifically in treatment, which is quite different to your point, to prevention. And in the treatment setting, it is clear that you will always have a market for that daily oral, which we believe Biktarvy has really set the standard there. And then there are others that the weekly oral will be more preferred. Some people just want to make sure they’re taking something every single day. Others don’t want to be reminded that they have HIV. And then you have, obviously, the injectables or the subQ with lenacapavir combinations every 3 months or potentially even every 6 months that will be very appealing to some that don’t want to be reminded at all. And so those are kind of the segments we’re trying to play out. So, I do think as a long acting, there will be more of a split segment than we’ve seen in the daily oral.
Johanna Mercier: Hi Brian, it’s Johanna. Thanks for the question. So basically, let me start by saying with Trodelvy, the performance for the quarter has been really strong. We’re seeing 78% year-on-year growth, 13% quarter-over-quarter. And we’re seeing markets add in every week basically. And reimbursement kind of playing out. We have now over 13 countries ex U.S. that have gotten reimbursement. So, we’re seeing really strong launches namely France, Germany right now and other markets coming in as we’re speaking. So, strong foundations there. I think having OS data in both triple-negative breast cancer as well as now with TROPiCS-02 in the HR-positive/HER2-negative, patient population really helps the foundation for Trodelvy but really helps across breast cancer. To your specific question around kind of where do we position ourselves, obviously, with TROPiCS-02, we’re in previously treated -- heavily-treated lines of therapy, right, when you think about this patient population, so a little bit different than some of our competitors. And so, we’re excited actually because these patients have very limited options. And so, now with Trodelvy, there is a real potential for overall survival in these late-line patients. So, we do think that as we’re playing it out, as we’re doing our market research, we feel very confident that Trodelvy will be very well positioned in the marketplace, and we’ll build on the success that we’ve seen thus far in triple-negative breast cancer as well in how we’re playing that out. So, we expect continued momentum in our base business. And I might have mentioned before in one of the previous calls, how we’ve expanded our footprint, specifically in the U.S. to prepare for both not only the expansion of what we need to do in triple-negative breast cancer, but also what we need to do in HR-positive. And so we’re well poised to make sure that we’re ready for that PDUFA date coming up in February to make sure that we’re successful.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. So in line with that, Matthew, it’s Johanna. I would just add to what Merdad is saying. So I think from a commercial standpoint, what we’re thinking is the fact that it doesn’t have a boosting agent is a real plus here as well as the fact that we’re going to look at rebound effects as we’ve seen with current marketed products right now have that issue, and so, -- in addition to the antiviral activity. So I think those pieces are kind of what we’re thinking about. As well as you well know, drug-drug interactions has been a bit of an issue with some of the current agents today. So I think if you -- without the boosting agent, I think those will just open up a little bit more for a broader patient population potentially to really benefit. And as we’ve seen with this pandemic, it’s not over. We’ve seen hospitalizations go up and down. We’ve seen a little bit of an increase most recently, and we’re tracking that very closely with hospitalizations, of course, because of Veklury. But we do believe that there’s still opportunity for more options here to make sure that we curve this pandemic.
Johanna Mercier: Tyler, it’s Joanna. Thanks for the question. I would say that we’re really proud of the Biktarvy performance, but I would say even the increased momentum that we’re seeing. And this is not just in the U.S., this is really around the globe. And so, we’re just about 45% market share with Biktarvy. We’ve seen 4% share gain year-on-year. And now, we’re looking at an annual run rate in excess of about $10 billion. So, I do think we’re very well poised for the future. The -- we’re looking at both the naïve share, obviously, just about under 60% of that share right now with Biktarvy, so really setting the standard for new patients coming into HIV. And obviously, the switch share, and you can’t -- switch share is obviously a little bit lower because you can switch to Biktarvy if you’re already on Biktarvy. So therefore, we’re tracking that very closely as well, but making sure that when there is opportunity, either from older drugs or when there’s been some issues for patients to really come on to Biktarvy just because it really does have a profile from an efficacy standpoint and safety standpoint. So, we do believe that continued growth with Biktarvy is on the agenda. And I would also add just a little bit of a note around the market as well, which also helps, right, because where the market goes, Biktarvy goes and where Biktarvy goes, the market goes. We’ve seen market stabilization actually back to pre-pandemic levels and growing at about 2% or so year-on-year, both in the U.S. as well as in Europe. And so, that also really helps our momentum continue and Biktarvy is driving that as well, of course, in a lot of our efforts. The teams have worked very closely with community partners and physicians and advocacy groups to make sure that we get patients back into clinics, back into care, both from a screening standpoint and diagnosis standpoint. Now that we’re -- and you really see those numbers back to pre-pandemic. So I think we’re in good place moving forward and well poised for the future to continue this leadership in HIV driven by Biktarvy.
