Johanna Mercier: Okay. Thanks, Tyler. Yes. So for example, in HIV, when you think about Biktarvy and Descovy, which is our two lead brands both for treatment and prevention, Biktarvy grew share. So it's been growing here year-on-year but even quarter-over-quarter. So we grew share to 33% in Q2 for Biktarvy. And then when you think about on a very large basis, you can appreciate, so that's about a 1% share increase. And then when you think about Descovy, we were – we closed the quarter Q1 at about 37% and in the PrEP market and we ended up at the end of June at 43%. So I do think that despite some of the dynamics because of COVID-19 and some of the decrease in patient visits and screening, I still do think that that the brands are solid because of their portfolio, because of what they offer for patients. And one of the things, both of those brands are actually brands that in COVID-19 environment are actually probably the best choice for patients because if you think about Biktarvy and you think about no monitoring, no HLA testing, et cetera, those are really the rapid start with Biktarvy is critical for patients. And I think that, that's also helping to support Biktarvy throughout this transition with the pandemic.
Johanna Mercier: Yes, the sourcing of business is actually about the same. The only difference I would say is our – the switch in treatment is obviously a little bit slower than what we've seen in the past just because physicians don't want to switch there's actually guidelines that suggest no switching during the pandemic from drug to drug. So it's more the naive patient population that's feeding Biktarvy right now versus the switch population and older compounds are keeping share. So since Gilead has about 75% within HIV, basically what you are seeing is some of our older brands are keeping higher share versus then switching over to newer compounds like Biktarvy.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. Yes. Sure. So maybe just add to what Andy was saying for Q4 specifically. I think the uncertainties are multiple, and it's not just our supply actually is less of an uncertainty because I think we have a pretty good idea, and the ramp-up has been impressive. The team has done incredible job ramping up, and you really see that ramp up through in Q4. We feel that – and I think Dan mentioned this – we feel that by early October, we should be in a place, assuming somewhat, I don't know if stable is the right word, but some stability within this pandemic globally across the numbers, we should be in a situation where global supply meets global demand, and that's a great place to be in. We can't wait because it's been challenging thus far. The – in Q4, the uncertainties are more around the pandemic itself and not really understanding does it stabilize, does it come to an all-time low, like we've seen in Europe? We really don't know. And so that's why it's a little bit tougher to manage on that front. As mentioned before from a supply standpoint by the end of December of this year, we should be in a position to have cumulatively of over 2 million treatment courses. And some of those, obviously were used during the donation and some are being used in Q3. So the balance of that will be in play for Q4, and we're just working with all the different governments, not just the U.S. but governments around the world to better understand what they think their real-time need is, and that's really our focus right now is the real-time need.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Maybe, Dan, just to add to that, Michael, I would just add the fact that it's also based on incidents in epidemiology. Everything we are doing, working with the U.S. government, working with ex-U.S. governments as well, governments around the world, it's really based on the incidents. And what we've seen so far is that because of the way we're managing it with the HHS, a lot – some hospitals have actually said, "no, thank you. Give it to somebody who needs it. We don't need it right now." So I do think that people are coming together to work through this, understanding that there is a shortage of supply and understanding that it really needs to go to patients in need, and the worst thing that could ever happen is products sitting idle somewhere. So we're being very, very careful to make sure that doesn't happen anywhere in the world.
Johanna Mercier: Thanks Matthew for their questions. If I understood it, sorry you broke up a little bit, but if I understood it correctly, it was specific to the Biktarvy and the shift in what's driving it and it's really the inventory fluctuations, that's what's driving the shift from Q1 to Q2. And you can appreciate Q4 always a little bit higher, it plays out in Q1, it bleeds out in Q1, but then we saw the uptake because of COVID-19 in late March and we saw that bleed out in Q2. So it's really what's driving the Biktarvy piece. We have seen a payer mix shift in the last two quarters, where due to unemployment we're seeing a shift from commercial payers to government channels, specifically PHF and Medicaid, but at this point in time that's really not impacting or modestly impacting our business overall. So it's really inventory-driven.
Daniel O'Day: Geoff, and we'll update you and everybody else in quarter three, obviously. So this is our best estimate at this stage.
Daniel O'Day: Sure. I’ll start, and then Johanna, you add and then we'll go to Merdad the injectable. So first of all, Michael, I think really, the vast majority of the remdesivir that we have today is being used. The allocation process with the U.S. government has gotten better over time, and they really are allocating basically at least twice a month, sometimes more frequently to where the hotspots are in the United States, and that's the vast majority of the supply. So we think there's probably very little demand that is not being utilized at this stage. Of course, it's not completely efficient, and there are some pockets where you might have some hospitals that have more remdesivir than patients. But right now, given the tremendous human need in the United States, in particular, and a variety of other countries we're working with, we're really just working on the real-time demand right now. So that's being utilized. Johanna, do you have anything else you want to add to that.
Daniel O'Day: I think the earliest is October, Michael, that we would start to see actual demand and utilization perhaps be different and perhaps the opportunity for stockpiling, but not before October. Merdad, over to you on Michael’s question.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Go ahead Johanna, why don’t you start and Merdad wants’ to add anything as well. But go ahead, please.
Daniel O'Day: I think Merdad is having a bit of an audio issue, so I'll feed in here Brian. I think it's kind of premature to anticipate exactly what's going to happen in different regulatory authorities around the world. We continue to have discussions with all regulatory authorities, obviously Europe was the first one out of the gate. We're pleased with that. And as soon as we have some additional information, we'll let you know, but difficult to speculate. Thanks.
Daniel O'Day: You're a great cheerleader for us. Thank you very much Alethia. So yes obviously, I think, our general position on this is that you will always need effective therapeutics and effective vaccines to control any type of a viral outbreak of any type and certainly one in a pandemic. So I think we're firmly committed to working to expand remdesivir's impact. We’re really pleased at every piece of data in our hands or in other people's hands has been consistent, consistent about the effect in terms of reduction in hospital space, consistent around the ability to use it earlier in hospitals space and get even bigger impacts. And I think that will continue regardless of vaccination. Now our hope obviously is like you have the normal influenza that with an effective vaccine appropriately administered to as many patients as will take a vaccine around the globe that you could reduce the number of patients that ever have to enter the hospital. But, as we know, vaccines are never a hundred percent effective, they are never a hundred percent utilized, so there will always be patients that need therapeutics. And what we're excited about in terms of the potency of remdesivir is the ability to use it earlier on patients to get them out of the hospital faster. And also to make sure that the types of work we're doing now using remdesivir outside the hospital could prevent patients from ever having to go in. Of course that's all to be determined. So I think it will be hand in glove with vaccines. And obviously we're looking forward also to the work that's going on in terms of looking at antiviral, a potent antiviral that has been proven like remdesivir in patients to be used, perhaps in combination with other therapeutics to get an even stronger treatment effect. But that continues to be, I think, our view and we're hoping, and I'm really proud to be working in this industry at this stage because my colleagues around the industry, I know are doing everything possible, including the collaboration that they have with us in remdesivir to bring new therapeutics and vaccines to patients. And so we're excited about that. So thank you very much for the question.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Evan, and we're looking forward to hearing more from Christi as that Kite business develops. More to hear from you. Thanks Evan.
Daniel O'Day: Yes, thanks Robyn. I mean, first of all, let me just take a big step back from the executive orders. I mean, I know that we all agree at Gilead that the current system in the U.S. needs to change. And we're leaning into that in a variety of different fronts have been now for a couple of years. What's really important is that when we look at changes in the U.S. system that is done in a way that ensures that patients are the one to benefit and at the same time that we maintain the U.S. innovation model. So, the types of things that we've been working with the different packages within the Congress and the Senate have all reflected that. And now, as we look at these executive orders, we'll be looking forward to engaging with the White House and with others to have the very principles that I just mentioned articulated and that's where we’ll go. In terms of how that impacts, how we think about the future business, I would say that we have so many healthcare systems around the world, I think, that we're working with of course the U.S. is disproportionally important to us. But our belief firmly is that if you hold the bar high enough on transformational medicine, so in other words, if you really think hard about first-in-class and best-in-class and keep the bar high regard, because remember our cycle time is so long, our capital investment is in a decade that we can't be pivoting to one or the other particular governmental action. The bottom line is that we keep that bar high enough under any system under any scenario. I think we'll do first of all, well for patients and we'll do well for shareholders as a result of that. So that's my firm belief. Christi, over to you on Robyn’s question please.
Daniel O'Day: Thank you, Robyn. So I now that we’re kind of at time, if there is one more question, we could take that in respect for everybody's time Liz.
Daniel O'Day: Umer terrific. Merdad I’ll decide – you decide if you or Diana want to feed the numbers. That's great. Thanks.
