Paul Carter: This is something clearly on our mind as well as we asses and think about our guidance going forward during this year. So the U.S had 70,000 starts in quarter one and a large number of those, the vast majority of those were Harvoni starts in GT1. We think that there are various dynamics here that probably were some patients being warehoused at the end of quarter four waiting for Harvoni. We then had the impact of all the contract negotiations early in the year and we had a widening of the pipeline in a sense of intensive fibrosis restrictions by many of the payors that we have made contracts with. Going forward, we see the prescriptions, the same data as you see and we do see a kind of flattening off at the moment. But we also think that in general we’re very early days into this launch. So, the run rate would imply that with somewhere north of the 250,000 patients that we indicated last time with all this possible in the U.S this year. I was at EASL last week myself and spoke to a number of physicians who I asked this question, did I think they were seeing physician capacity being reached. And the answer was not physician capacity per se but really back office capacity to deal with the bureaucracy and paper work. And whether that thins out a little bit in the rest of the year is to be seen. But I think the run rate we’re seeing with some of these dynamics of fibrosis restrictions opening up with prior authorization, sort of patient flow stemming to ease up a little bit. But at the same time with the physician office capacity sort of challenges, it’s kind of somewhere between 250 and the high 200, I think the patients will probably see being treated in the U.S. this year. Going to Europe, we’re also very happy to see a large number of patients being treated in Europe for the first time, around 20,000 in the first quarter. The majority of which were in the big five countries. And what we’re seeing in Europe is Sovaldi now approves in the big five countries and Harvoni available in Germany and in France under the French ATU system. And we signed agreements where we should see Harvoni in both Spain and Italy quite soon. This is great news. The capacity constrains in Europe is really the budget that have been set by the governments and we work for the government in terms of the prevalence, the number of patients that they hope to treat and we encourage them to really maximize the amount of budget they could put towards hepatitis C. Nevertheless, they are single payors with budget. And we think that we should get to the sort of top of those budget this year. So, we previously said we thought in Europe roundabout 100,000 patients was probable for 2015 and I think that’s kind of our thinking at the moment.
Paul Carter: That’s a hard question to answer. I think again I would just emphasize it is early days still in the U.S. as some of the contracts that payors we contracted with in the first quarter that starts to sort of unfold. Some of them have very open fibrosis restrictions, some of them are still fairly restricted to sicker patients. We have this dynamic of warehousing; we also have things like being direct to consumer campaign that you may have just noted starting. And I think all of these things of dynamics that are moving. Again the data points that we’ve seen I agree with you would imply a slight flattening of the U.S. market. But I would say there is still a possibility of further growth in the rest of the year. But again, I’d just emphasize it’s very early days to make a prediction on that.
Paul Carter: So we have negotiated and signed contracts I think now with about 90% of the covered lives in the U.S. Of that 90%, 83% have direct access to Harvoni, either through an exclusive arrangement or through a parity arrangement. I would take this opportunity to say once more that Gilead really believes prescribing should be in the hands of doctors and their patients, not through these exclusive arrangements. The payor mix is around 70% what I would call commercial and 30% public. And within that commercial that includes Medicaid Part D at roughly half that amount. And the reason I made that split is because the rebates associated with those covered lives, would be in the same sort of ballpark with clearly higher discounts with the public payors. Medicaid, I am not going to comment on extensively except to say that we have ongoing negotiations. And I am sure you appreciate from a competitive point of view why I can’t talk too much about that. Nevertheless, we are winning some exclusive arrangements and our competitors are winning some exclusive arrangements. And I think that’s all I can say really at this point.
Paul Carter: Just on slide 22, which is the type of patients that are being treated in terms of genotype, fibrosis score and whether they are naïve or not. I think there will be some dynamics through this year as the sicker patients get treated. And I think payors that are currently restricting fibrosis scores will start to open up a little bit. That’s something I would imagine will stop to happen in 2016. Although there are plenty of patients that seems through all scores at the moment. We have some data on intent to prescribe during the first quarter, which shows that physician level in the U.S. where doctors intended to prescribe actually slightly more than half of their patients being fibrosis scores zero through S2. In reality, we know that the payors are putting some restrictions, not all payors but some of them. And so most likely the actual treatment is going to be towards the sicker patients and that will start to unfold. We also saw very, as you can see from the chart, 82% of patients naïve to treatment. I guess that would stay the same, possibly even increase the experienced patients get addressed. You asked about how we would see that change with other competitors in the market. I would just emphasize, we are extremely pleased with the chemical profile of Harvoni and at EASL last week, we saw more data showing how Harvoni can deal with -- really sick patients extremely effectively and some other genotypes. And that clinical profile will only get stronger during the course of this year as we -- an incredible amount of real world data. And I think that data will be very advantageous for us as are the competitors with no real world data and to the market next year. So, I think the dynamics of type of patients will change a little bit over time, but there’s plenty of patients out there and we’re seeing plenty of patients coming from the diagnosis pull into treatment and plenty to keep this market going for a number of years.
Paul Carter: So, we made a very atypical last quarter by describing gross to net. And by the way gross to net is not as same as discount to rebate; there are other items in that. And we’ve taken a view that for competitive reasons, I hope you appreciate why we don’t want to discuss gross to net really ever again this year. Having said that during the first quarter, some of the contracts and Robin said this in her script that we signed -- started to be executed during the first quarter. So, I would say we’re in steady state really from quarter two and the guidance that we just we’ve given absolutely reflects our assumptions around gross to net in the U.S. hepatitis market. I hope that answers. I didn’t very last part of the question. Stocking, yes. There was actually very minimal stock increase during the first quarter, I would say not material in the hepatitis market; a very slight increase of Harvoni stocking matched by a slight decrease in Sovaldi stocking.
Paul Carter: Sure. So fibrosis scores in Europe interestingly do very somewhat between countries. So in fact in Germany there’s fairly opened treatments restrictions, therefore there’s a range of patients from sick to not sick being treated; that’s different in France and in Italy and Spain in particular where the budget constraints are really ensuring that only sickest rate patients are being prioritized at this stage, so really in Spain and Italy for example and a majority of the French patients are S3 and S4. 
Paul Carter: I wouldn’t comment on the price points except that the listed price points are between EUR 41,000 and EUR 45,000 for Sovaldi and we would anticipate probably a premium of around 15% for Harvoni when those numbers get announced.
Paul Carter: Well that’s a really tough question, predicting into the future. I mean today as I think everyone knows, we have a very substantial market share in the HIV world. And even in this quarter, we see in the U.S. about eight out of 10 patients naïve to treatment going for Gilead product but six out of 10 are getting a Gilead single tablet regimen with Truvada backbone. And we’re seeing very good growth of our Truvada based single tablet regimens like Stribild which is going 75% year-on-year Complera 33% year-on-year. And you can see both in Europe and in U.S. that the top three or four regimens remain Gilead’s single tablet regimens. So we’re in a very, very kind of strong position today. And we’re competing with the GSK products and we do see their impact. I mean for example we were getting seven out of 10 patients in the U.S. on a Gilead single tablet regimen; we’re getting about six. But I do think that emphasizes the single tablet regimens are the way forward here. We have very strong data with E/C/F/TAF and we hope to have switch data launch. And as we mentioned earlier PDUFA date is 5th of November this year. We are getting our organization very much tuned up for that launch and we will be focusing of course on really trying to bring the conversation back to the importance of a great backbone. And we have great confidence that the F/TAF backbone is a great innovation over Truvada with very high efficacy and safety benefits which are really increasingly important for the ageing HIV population. So, I think that it’s all about whether doctors feel that the F/TAF backbone warrants a priority. And we’re going to make sure that our medical organization and our therapy -- our specialists out in the field convey that data very clearly.
Paul Carter: There is a little bit more of a different genotype profile in Europe, some of the countries have more genotype 2 and 3, UK actually is an example of that. So, we would expect Sovaldi to continue to have some utility, especially in some countries like the UK for example.
Robin Washington: Sure Geoff, so just to get the stats out of the way, if you look at our cash, and the full year we expect our cash balance, 40% or so that we expect to be onshore. And relative to cash flow, it’s slightly less. About a third of our cash flow is generated in the U.S. We still think we have fairly significant capacity to borrow in the U.S. If we do discuss borrowing externally, it’s not something we plan to do it immediately relative to our overall cash balance, very similar to what we’ve been saying all along. And we’re very focused on investing in our pipeline, we continue to look at strategic opportunities that may make sense for us with the focus on Phase 2 or earlier stage assets and the rest as you see that we’ve been doing is we will redeploying and returning it to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases.
Robin Washington: So to your point, the majority of the SG&A quarter-on-quarter decline was driven by the one-time impact and then like sort of further decline because we got a preliminary invoice from the IRF. So we took down our accrual a bit with under 200 million associated with the new estimate that we’ve got and I’ll reemphasize that it is just an estimate. So we will see what happens longer terms when we get the final invoice in August.
Robin Washington: So, as you know we had a significant increase in contracting that’s occurred in Q1 primarily related to Harvoni. It usually takes the payors and governments up to about three months to six months, sometimes even nine months to ultimately come back and charge us for those rebates or charge backs. So, if you look at our cash flow it grew over $2 billion quarter-on-quarter. So, what we were seeing is that shift because that cash hasn’t actually been paid out. So, our run rate really is not at the $5.7 billion going forward in further quarters.
Norbert Bischofberger: With the TLR7 agonist 9620, we’re looking for S reduction. So it doesn’t have to be complete S conversion but if we will see like you know too long [ph] or so. So I mean that clearly indicates S-antigen goes down, that would be in to go into Phase 3. And with the 4774 the therapeutic vaccine, yeast-based vaccine, we’re looking more of immunological parameter. So we see a robust anti S-antibody or S-antigen or anything that would indicate a specific hepatitis B infected either antibody or T-cell immune response. The other thing I would like to point out Matt is hepatitis B cure as we call it here is one of our largest research programs right now. So, we have a fair amount of headcount particular biology. We’re looking at you know compounds that could inhibit cccDNA, that could make cccDNA go away, we’re looking at epigenetic approaches and few others that I don’t want to talk about because it’s too early and too confidential. But that is a big area of focus for us and we hope to see something towards the second half of this year. I would like to point out one last thing Matt, these two studies both the TLR-7 agonist and yeast vaccine are in virally suppressed patients. So whether or not we see anything with these virally suppressed patients, we will then go into treatment naïve non-virally suppressed and actually have initiated already the study with the TLR-7 agonist that’s the second follow-up study that looks at the same compound in viremic patients because there were reasons to believe why immunologically good work and viremic patients that it couldn’t work in virally suppressed.
Norbert Bischofberger: So, there is a 48-week analysis but it’s a utility analysis that is being done by DSMB. So, if the DSMB comes to the conclusion, there is absolutely no change that will ever rich the end point then they will recommendation to stop this study and then of course the decision is up to us. If they don’t see that then they will simply tell us continue. And the real end point is 96 weeks and by the way this was negotiated and agreed upon with FDA. FDA felt for somewhere NASH that is a chronic potentially lifelong disease 48 weeks is not enough of a treatment duration; they would like to see 96 weeks. But if we can show a convincing reduction in the Sovaldi study, so there are two NASH studies one is in Sovaldi. And the end point there has been pressure going, if we see a clinically meaningful reduction at week 48 and week 96 in HVPG; that would get us potentially accelerated approval under the sub part. I can’t remember what it’s called for biologics; it’s sub part agent for small molecules guidelines.
Norbert Bischofberger: So, FDA was -- to be answering that, completely informed about HVPG. So we have to have another meeting with them to talk with the thought leaders. But the thought leaders felt 20% reduction would be a huge clinically meaningful benefit.
John Milligan: We have talked about this in the past about having constraints on what we could do basically, the limitations on the kinds of activities we’re going to undertake because of how difficult it was to get Sovaldi and then replace it with Harvoni in such short order. And as we exited last year, we really thought that we had achieved a greater balance across the company and that we had the capability to do more things and to look at more things than we had in the past and that has as each month and quarter goes on, we actually gained more ability to do those things as we move forward. Now Norbert highlighted all the very exciting opportunities that we have in our pipeline. So, we do feel that we have a very full pipeline. But I think with our position as a company with the cash flow that we have and with our appetite to continue to do more things for more patients around the world, there are some good opportunities, some good time -- it would be a good time for Gilead to consider wide range of things. But I can’t tell you that we have an appetite for things large or small, it has to be kind of the right fit for Gilead. We typically like things where we can have impact on Phase 3 and where we can accelerate those products either into the approval process or integrator indications after the approval process. And I tend to think still we’re looking for things where we feel we can catalyze the development of those products and have a greater utility over them overall. So, we are open to suggestion; there have been many mentioned out there. But I would say that I want to sick very closely to kinds of areas we’re in here today.
John Milligan: You asked the second part of the question about the triple and the duration of therapy. And I would say we have some conflicting reports coming out of EASL. But I can tell from our own interactions with physicians and thinking about the dynamic of the market, we do think it could get down to a shorter duration, I think certainly as Norbert said that 12, 8 and 6 week durations that we’ll be looking at our triple combination. It’s our goal to try to collapse the most number of patients down to the shortest duration possible. And it will be interesting to see how this triple works across the wide range of different kinds of diseases, both by genotype and by stage of diseases, still those severely ill patients have fewer options because many of these agents can’t be used in severely ill patients. And they don’t tend to cure as higher rate; we’ve seen that certainly as you get into Child’s B and Child’s C scores. I think what will happen here is that it will go down to some easy duration to use. But the pushback we’ve been getting from doctors and from regulators is that six versus eight doesn’t really matter to them. In fact I’m not sure eight versus twelve matters all that much. As long as it’s simple; as long as it’s safe and as long as there is surety that they will get high cure rates, that’s what they’re looking for. So it’s the outcome that seems to matter more than the duration. And we can also tell you from the regulators’ point of view, they don’t view shorten duration as an important parameter at all. So that will create even a further bearer on all of us as we try to get to shorter durations, if we can’t provide that simplicity across a wide range of patients and that will make it more difficult for those products to come to market.
John Milligan: Well first question was about where we think Sovaldi to be used and it is principally used in genotype 2 and genotype 3 patients. As we exited the quarter it was clear there were still some patients on simeprevir, probably patients finishing out their regimen from last year. We don’t know how that will continue now, but I expect there is a smattering of use in certain patient types for that. And there is probably still little bit of use for patients who are in combination with interferon. And your question is about the run rate; I think there seems to be a steady flow of patients for genotype 2 and genotype 3 in the United States, but Harvoni is quickly making Sovaldi obsolete in many areas. And I suspect that more data rolls out, there will be more and more Harvoni use and less and less Sovaldi use.
