Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff. It's Kevin here. Let me have a go at the first couple of parts, and then Jim can also help out. So I'll just split the business really between the public side and the private side for HIV. We've got about 55% of our business HIV sales go through the public, and about 45% go through the private. It's actually almost a direct reverse of HCV. And of that 55%, 20% or so is ADAP in the U.S. So that's basically the situation that we have. We're very pleased with the progress with Genvoya. As we said on the last earnings call, we will see the effects of generics in Europe in the second half of this year. That will be a country-by-country event. I think the most direct effect, of course, will be on Viread and Truvada. The most important parts, as far as we're concerned, is to make sure as many of our countries convert from TDF-based regimens to TAF-based regimens. And as you heard from Jim, some of our European markets are doing very, very well on that front. We've got Germany already at a ratio of 60% TAF to TDF. So we're trying to control I think the most important variable, which is good for patients, which is to see them converted to TAF away from TDF in advance of the change in the TDF landscape.
Kevin B. Young: Geoff, just two last points, Geoff. We obviously thought about these events as part of our guidance. They're included in our guidance, and the other point I'd like to make is I think for the first time, we've really seen a downturn in the number of Atripla patients. Atripla stayed very strong for 10 years since its launch, but with Genvoya now and the TAF-based regimens, we've really seen that turn, and I think that's good for patients and obviously it's very encouraging for Gilead.
Kevin B. Young: Yes. Matt, the only other thing I would add from a commercial point of view is that the success of Genvoya, the success of Descovy is the platform for BIC/TAF. So we see it as a family. TAF is doing extraordinarily well. You saw the results of Descovy in the quarter. So that's just the building block upon which that we'll launch BIC-F/TAF. So the momentum we really have going now will be taken forward with B-F/TAF. But we see it all as sort of a collective platform.
Kevin B. Young: Yes, Josh. It's Kevin. I was just out in Australia about ten days ago. They've already got a 40% conversion to TAF, so it's happening around the world where we have launched in most markets, a lot of markets just over a year. I would also say that, with HIV, as Jim referred to earlier, this is not a contracting type of market. This is once you have reimbursement, then generally physicians have the freedom to operate and will follow guidelines and put patients on advances in therapy, and clearly, clearly, clearly, clearly TAF is an advancement on TDF.
Kevin B. Young: Yes, Alethia, not much to add. Yes, we've got to find non-invasive measures. But I would emphasize that we like the focus of going into the F3 and F4 patients. I mean, they're very defined. Somebody's got cirrhosis, it's a very defined patient population and I think with perhaps different from perhaps some other companies in the area, we like that focus and that's where we want to begin our entry into NASH and then build upon that.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Ying. It's Kevin. Let me try and take a stab at that. I mean, let me say right from the start, HCV continues to be a large opportunity, albeit that it's declining, and that decline is happening in every market that we look around the world. In terms of looking at revenues and our performance, we took a very realistic view when we set about our guidance three months ago, and really nothing has changed. We still think the number of 150,000 to 175,000 patient starts in the U.S. is still a very solid number. Yes, you are correct that it was 44,000 treated, but please bear in mind that when you look at revenues, it's a composite that's made up of starts. It's made up of share. It's made up of payer mix, and it's made up of product mix. So there's a number of components that goes into this. It's early in the year. It's just three months. Starts can vary from quarter to quarter, but we don't see anything right now that would change from where we set our guidance back in February. Yes, and so I think from what I can see, and it's not for me to comment on other companies in the area, I think pretty much everybody is now seeing this market in a similar fashion. It's large, and it'll go on for a long time. I don't think anybody really knows when there will be a turning point. We'll probably only know that turning point when we're nine to 12 months after that turning point. But clearly, with 1.5 million people diagnosed in the U.S., 3 million infected but 1.5 million diagnosed, that's still a lot of patients to cure. And I think ourselves and probably the general noise in the market will encourage people to step forward and be treated, and as Jim described earlier, our DTC campaigns are really focused on that.
Kevin B. Young: Sure. I think it's also important to say that we know many of these sites very, very well from our HCV programs
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Terence, it's Kevin. No. It's just too early. We haven't got the 2016 data yet. So, sorry. It's not that we're holding this back at all. It's just not available. We're hoping maybe going into the second quarter or middle of the year that we'd have that data, but no. We don't have 2016. I'll let Jim take the VA.
Kevin B. Young: It's important to say, Jim, that we don't see or we don't hear of any budget restrictions from a VA point of view.
Kevin B. Young: Yeah and, Terence, as Jim pointed out, we do have the opening of access now in France and Italy. So we're going to be obviously trying to use that opportunity to treat more patients. So that's a very positive situation that we've got right now.
James R. Meyers: Yes, and, Kevin, just to add on that, and I agree with everything you said. I think HIV is a bit of a different market over the years. Of all the markets, of all the chronic therapy markets Gilead's ever been in, it's been driven more by increases in patient volume than by changes in price. And there's always some element of both in every therapeutic area that you're in, but disproportionately in HIV. There's always been a healthy steady flow of number of treated patients each year. As I think you're probably aware, and as Kevin just said, we're already in heavily, deeply-discounted payer segments in the U.S. market. What that means is that's already part of the run rate. So the normal impact of a generic is a big change from where you are. We're already, especially for the older products that are going to be coming off patent, the difference between generic pricing and where those prices are right now is much more incremental than you'd see in most markets, and anyways, that's something that's just very unique with that. We continue to see obviously a strong support for single-tablet regimens and fixed-dose combinations, and of course, there will be some level of impact whenever there is generic entry, particularly outside of the U.S. But we still very firmly believe that when we want to ultimately have the full launch of our entire TAF portfolio, particularly BIC/TAF, B-F/TAF, that this remains very much a sustainable franchise going forward. Again, I would say we hear sometimes how sustainable is price levels in HIV. That really hasn't been the story of HIV. It's really, I mean particularly in the U.S. market, because of the deeply-discounted segments and the CPI-U penalties you have over time, this has been a market that has overwhelmingly been driven by patient volume. So we're not as reliant on that. We have not been historically as reliant on, if you look at list pricing for sure, it's there. But net pricing has deteriorated over time, and that's already in the run rate. But I'll stop there, and we feel very confident in this being a sustainable franchise.
James R. Meyers: Sure. So starting with PrEP, what we're seeing very encouragingly, and I think consistent with CDC guidance and data, is that we're starting to see persistency that is very similar to patients taking antiretroviral therapy for treatment, and that's what you want. Frankly, three, four years ago, PrEP prescribing was very episodic, and we're not seeing that now. So that's not just a good thing for Gilead, I think that's a good thing for patients. That's what the data would say is the way that PrEP should be prescribed. So we're not seeing very much shade of light between those two, and because of that, we do see this as a significant continued driver of growth. I think as we said in the last earnings call, 90% of PrEP prescribing was coming out of five cities coming into this year, and they weren't the cities where a lot of the epidemic is really starting to unfortunately increase, areas like New Orleans, DC, Newark, Oakland, the Bronx. And part of our efforts, both with the field-based team that we deployed of prevention specialists, and also with some of our education that we're doing is geared towards those markets, because honestly I think that's where the needle can be moved the most.
James R. Meyers: Yeah, so my apologies that I didn't hear all that. I think I have it now. But I think what we have seen in Germany is consistent with what we've seen in other early launch markets in Europe, which is number one, rapid adoption or rapid acceptance of the TAF profile and treatment guidelines. Again, we have it in four of the five markets right now in addition to EACS. But also a strong desire to appropriately, depending on the label, move patients to the TAF-based regimens. And because Genvoya launched earlier there, that's a good example of what we're seeing in some of our earlier markets. The example we gave was Germany. It was up to 60%. We also have some earlier launch markets in the Nordics and in some of the northern European countries that tend to launch earlier that are there or thereabouts, closer to 60%. So the encouraging thing for us, too, is that as we mentioned, we just launched Genvoya in France this quarter and in Italy literally at the end of the quarter. So we've got a lot of room to grow there and try to get up to the levels that we've seen in the other countries. But I think it's primarily a function of just it was an earlier launch. People are seeing good results. They realize that this is a patient population that is aging, and the attributes of TAF in a 50 to 60 year old patient are even more important than they are in a 40 year-old patient, and I think we're seeing that reflected.
James R. Meyers: I think the one final thing I'd say is that in some quarters there's some worry that as you get into some of the generic options, that choice will be taken out of physicians' hands, so you do see a lot of physicians wanting to switch to TAF while they have the ability to do that. And that makes a lot of sense.
James R. Meyers: I do, yes. I mean, I've said it, and Norbert's probably – we've all said it in this room. I truly believe that it is the first single-tablet regimen we've had without tradeoffs. And I believe that most of our physicians see it that way too. And I'm looking at my clinical colleagues in the room here, and that's what we hear from our advisors.
James R. Meyers: Sure. So, yeah, the VA as you know in the past has been at times one in four patient starts for us in any given quarter. The VA is experiencing the same dynamics outside the VA where we are seeing a steady gradual decline in the number of treated patients, due largely to the changing profile of the patient under care. We're seeing it actually in a little bit more of an accelerated manner in the VA, simply because they were so efficient and so effective in getting their folks into care and getting them treated. So they actually have been able to treat about 50% of their population. So we would anticipate that the VA would continue to represent a smaller and smaller percentage of our overall treated patient population.
James R. Meyers: Yes. I'm sorry the question was – so if you think about market share across Europe, you know we had about the same number of patients this quarter as we did last quarter, but what you are seeing, you are correct on a dollar basis it goes down, and that's somewhat a shift from the patients in the north to the patients in the south, which is sort of a natural again evolution because there are more patients in southern Europe where the prices are lower than they are in northern Europe where we have had a good run at curing a high percentage of the patients already. So I think that trend will likely continue.
John F. Milligan: So, Geoff, I would give you a shorter answer to your question. But you asked about metrics. Certainly as we think about opportunities, we do look for things which have potential to have a high operating margin. That's important to us. That of course informs the potential cash flow from the business in the future. We also of course look for things that have a scientific and medical need such that we can build a sustainable business that would have the top line growth that we desire, along with those margins and cash flows. So those things are all informative in terms of how we think about it.
John F. Milligan: Yes. Sorry, Josh. You broke up a little bit. So we're going to try to recreate your question as best we can. We'll turn it over to Jim for that
John F. Milligan: Yeah, thanks for the question, Cory. So first of all, with regard to Washington, I think that uncertainty in Washington seems to be the norm in my 27 years here. So I think we've kind of learned to filter that out and focus on the things that are right for the company. There may be tax reform. There may be repatriation, but you can't count on it and you can't wait for it either. So we've focused our efforts – I'll turn to what you asked last, which is we really focused our efforts on broadening our team, adding some depth both scientifically and with business development experience so that we in fact have much, much greater capacity to assess things and are in fact fully engaged with our teams assessing a number of different opportunities, which we think could play out over the coming year as we start to make progress in getting partnerships and potential acquisitions together. So we're going to just focus on what's right for Gilead, try to ignore the noise globally on terms of tax reform, and do the best thing for the company and for the shareholders in the long term. And we really have a great team right now.
John F. Milligan: Well, first of all, Phil, I don't recall ever saying that we were going to have a specific unveiling of a strategy, and strategies for companies are an ongoing process, not an event. And so what you have seen in our different areas, I mean, really think about our strategies over the last few years. We wanted to stabilize and then grow HCV products by the introduction of TAF and additional STRs. We wanted to round out our HCV portfolio with SOF/VEL/VOX so we'd have an answer for every patient within our portfolio. We did that very successfully last year, and then we brought Vemlidy to market to help stabilize the HBV market and provide a really good foundation for the company. We're making forays into NASH, as we've described, more compounds that we've acquired, and are building upon. We may do more there. We're building really nicely in filgotinib. I think we have a really great opportunity with filgotinib to accelerate the clinical development timelines, now that baricitinib seems to have a setback, which could provide greater upside for us as well if that is significantly delayed. So those are two different areas where we're continuing to invest, and you'll see with filgotinib, we're going to embark upon other studies. For example, we have a Syk inhibitor that could be also useful in RA, and that maybe combinable with filgotinib. With regard to future legs of stool, I think it's pretty clear we're looking for another avenue to increase our opportunity for revenue, and also for helping patients with the considerable heft that we have, and it's clear we've been focusing on oncology, where the question is there in the area, where we can use our resources to accelerate products to market and build a meaningful franchise in oncology. And that was the hiring of Alessandro Riva; that was the foray we made with our business development people to broaden and then to look at other things that can build this. And so I feel very good that we've got a number of different ways to accelerate growth for the company into the future so that a decade from now we're a very different company, having reinvented ourselves beyond antivirals into a really multi-therapeutic area company. And I feel very good about where we are and we'll continue to try to enhance that as well. So that's our strategy.
John F. Milligan: Well, first of all, I'm not going to comment on future patent litigation and what we won't or won't do. I don't have my attorney with me, so I'd be loath to say anything. With regard to TAF itself, the TAF patent is out through 2025. What you're seeing in additional patents is, of course, as we have bictegravir and other products that we're developing, those will have longer product patents of course. And so those products and combination products may go out to a much longer date than that. And as we continue to invent other molecules for HIV, we're not done. We're still looking at, for example, drugs for salvage. Those will have additionally long patent lives, as well. So it will be somewhat of a laddered portfolio of patent expirations going out well into 2030.
John F. Milligan: Yes. I'd say we have the potential to file it early depending on the data and the safety and risk benefit.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes hi, Matt. I'm happy to answer that. So the head-to-head studies in naïve patients, remember one of them is comparing bictegravir to dolutegravir. The other one is comparing our single-tablet regimen to Triomune. Both assume that the comparator arm has a 91% success rate, and the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval is 12%. So the delta is 12%. Now what the chances of achieving superiority, there's always a possibility. I don't think I would like to speculate on that. It really depends. This will clearly show that these are both large studies and will clearly show if there is a difference between these two drugs, we should see it.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Matt, I forgot to add something. Of course we will look for superiority. So the primary test will be non-inferiority, and if we meet that, we will of course look for superiority, which is of course a possibility.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, so Alethia. I want to answer first then Kevin will, if you have any comments. So we are including in our Phase 3 studies, of course, the primary endpoint as you know is histology. We think that's a potential hurdle to diagnose patients and get patients into care. So we're looking at the use of FibroScan with all patients in that study, and hopefully we can then show the correlation between FibroScan and histology, that that may be a way to include those data and the need. Again, we have not discussed this with regulatory authorities. It's too early for that. We just have to see what the data looks like. But clearly, one thing from a clinical point of view is to get away from doing biopsy. And we're also looking at the usual markers of fibrosis. We presented at EASL, the ELF data, and others like CK-18. So these are all serum markers that have to do with fibrosis and we showed a fairly good correlation between these serum markers and MREs, so and medical resonance elastography. And if we can do the same thing showing the correlation with histology, then hopefully this will become the accepted diagnostic avenue.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Alethia, I want to add, we had another presentation at EASL about, you know the study of simtuzumab in bridging fibrosis and cirrhosis, that overall field. So it didn't show any efficacy, but it taught us a lot about disease progression endpoints, and it is clear that fibrosis is the only predictive biomarker, the only predictive diagnostic that predicts clinical outcomes. And we also got a good sense for what we can experience over a year or two years in terms of clinical events. And based on this data, we are comfortable that with two-year follow-up, we should have enough clinical events, hepatic decompensation ascites, et cetera, that would get us potentially full approval rather than accelerated approval based on histology.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, there seems to be this rumor in the public that we have a futility analysis. We do not have an interim analysis planned in our Phase III studies. This will be 48-week endpoint with histology. There will be the usual DS&B meetings that mostly look at safety. But there is not a futility or an interim analysis planned. So we are going to carry this study out to 48 weeks, last patient 48 weeks biopsy. That will constitute the NDA filing.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: The study will continue blinded because we believe that the histology will get us accelerated approval, and in order to get full approval, you need to reach clinical endpoints. And we think they should be reached as I explained just before in the two-year timeframe or so.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, Katherine, honestly, it's a little bit too early to talk about where we are in patient recruitment, because I always want to get a quarter or one-third into the recruitment phase to be able to make intelligent projections. But clearly what I can tell you is the STELLAR 4 study, which is the one in cirrhotic patients, is enrolling very, very fast and there are two obvious reasons. No competition, number one and unmet need with a population that is very ready to enroll in a study that has the potential to help them and to make their fibrosis better. So the answer was a little bit qualitative. Again, to quantitatively answer it, it's too early. But it is also clear that we might have STELLAR 4 enrolled much sooner than STELLAR 3, in which case we would file with STELLAR 4 only. Of course, this has to be discussed with regulatory.
