Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks a lot, Michael, for the question. And I would say, again, based upon the strong results coming off of 2019 that our base business, our HIV business is really robust and continues to grow. And of course we need to offset, as Andy mentioned in his comments, the full year effect of the cardiopulmonary franchise and just the beginning of the Truvada expiry. And we feel confident in our ability to be able to do that. Our guidance reflects the revenue that is essentially flat year-on-year, and of course, we'll keep you updated as we go throughout the year, based on a variety of events on the commercial side. On the investment side, I would say, yes, absolutely, we feel that we need to invest on the commercial side to make sure that we are preparing ourselves well for the most recent launches that have gone out, and that's Biktarvy and Descovy but also well prepare ourselves for a very competitive launch for filgotinib, where you've heard us say, we really think we have a unique medicine with a best-in-class profile. And we want to make sure, as we know, there's only one chance to get a launch right. We want to make sure we're well prepared for that. Now, we have obviously looked hard at our expense base on a commercial side, reallocated resources from cardiopulmonary and are well-prepared to put our investments on the growth drivers. And as you can see in our qualitative guidance, feel we need to increase slightly from year-on-year for the SG&A guidance. Likewise, with the investments that we've made both in our internal pipeline, the expansion of life cycle programs around medicines like filgotinib and others that we need and including external innovation that we've brought in over the past two years, including 33 different collaborations and/or acquisitions, we want to make sure, we invest appropriately in those to take them to the next decision point and decide about future investment accordingly. And we'll continue to work on that portfolio as we move forward. Andy, do you have some other things you want to add to that.
Daniel O'Day: Great. Thanks a lot, Brian. I'll start, and then I'll ask Merdad to comment on the portfolio because one of the big efforts that we have underway is with Merdad coming to the organization, his breadth of experience in building world-class portfolios. That's exactly what he's involved in right now, and really leveraging the strengths accordingly, across the portfolio. So, I'd say a couple of things, Brian. I think, as you know, we've kind of elevated the full disclosure and openness on our portfolio. We started that at JP Morgan. You can expect us to continue to be very transparent about the portfolio, the decisions we take and we make. But, I think, just the very fact that we have 40 clinical stage programs, 14 of which are in registrational trials is something that I think may be underappreciated as we -- from the outside. Now, you asked about, what are the things that are most interesting? I'm going to let Merdad give that as well. But I remind you that our strength in viral diseases will continue to be invested in and that's the discussion around capsid, and really, truly providing kind of next generation therapies that we think patients and customers, -- well, we know patients and customers are asking for out there. Having said that, I think, the extension of our inflammatory disease portfolio with the Galapagos transaction is something that excites me. I think, there's lots of potential shots on goals there. There's ways to think about between Gilead and Galapagos, building combination approaches in the future. And I think, we've really got a strength in inflammatory diseases that is building. Fibrotic diseases is something that we have a depth of expertise in. And we understand the challenges associated with that disease state. And so, as Merdad builds the portfolio, I think he'll come in, we have to make sure that we're putting the right level of investment in there that makes sense for the big unmet medical need, but also the risk associated with some of the natures of those diseases. And then, finally, there's been significant effort, long before Merdad or I joined on oncology. Of course, the Kite acquisition provides was the immediate step up and knowledge and knowhow and a breadth of portfolio there. But the non-Merdad portfolio is something that's really built up over the past couple of years, both internally and through our collaborative. We know it's early and we know that we're going to have to continue to pursue those programs and build on it.  So, that's my two cents. And Merdad, you have a deeper and kind of a refresh view cause you've just entered not too long ago. So, it'd be good to hear your reaction.
Daniel O'Day: That's all right. Thanks for the question. On Remdesivir, we have not had any other anecdotal reports to date. And so, we'll obviously keep an eye on that very closely and see how that progresses. In terms of manufacturing, our team has really been working night and day, it's been very impressive to watch this team over the past couple of weeks really ramp up to the extent that we can. Our capacity is going up every day. We're looking at all the options we have expecting to be prepared for what may come. Obviously we are waiting for data, both in vitro and then in people to ensure that the drug actually works. And it's important just for everyone to keep that in mind that this is still investigational and we are still waiting for more data to know. But at risk, we are investing pretty heavily to make sure that we're prepared as best as we can. In terms of fibrotic disease, we think of it fairly broadly, but I guess from my perspective, when I think about fibrotic disease, to your point, we -- NASH, as you know, we've had programs in diabetic, kidney disease, we have a program idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis right now. And those are biologically related. And one of the things that we are always have in our mind is to think about where to apply a particular mechanism, which disease to apply particular mechanism. And so, what I would say is that as we see the readouts on the IPF study as they come forward, as we have the discussions with the agency about the NASH program and as we see novel molecules that come through, we'll do those in a gated way. Fibrosis is a challenging area, and we don't underestimate how difficult that's going to be.
Daniel O'Day: I think that's great, Matthew. The only thing I would say, Johanna’s captured it really well. But, we kind of put this into the durable base part of our strategic story. And I think, that's because it is a volume game. I think, there is real opportunity here obviously for patients in China but also for our business, but it helps us kind of stabilize and navigate that durable base over the course of the years to come. And it's important for patients and also for our business to build that in. And then, we have the inflection points on top of that with Yescarta business with filgotinib with a variety of things that are in our hands right now and a larger portfolio to inflect for the -- to provide our confidence in the mid-to-long term growth. Thanks.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. I think, I couldn’t agree more with Merdad’s view. The only thing I would maybe add to that, Alethia, is just to say, particularly in hep B we understand that at the end of the day this is going to take partnerships. So, we have to decide, what do we do internally, what do we do with partners. Care is significantly more difficult than treatment in this area. And so, I think that gets back into some of the comments that both Merdad and I had around how much do we invest in ourselves, how much do we do with partnerships, what percentage of our total investment goes into these very, very important unmet medical needs and making sure that we also invest appropriately in other areas that we know have even greater realization potential that also have big unmet medical needs. So, that balance will continue to play out. The reality is we have very good expertise in both these diseases. And I think we'll be able to make good decisions.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks, Salim. I’ll certainly have others comment here as well. But look, I think, as we've tried to build the story and as I've come to investigate the story and some of the other colleagues around the table, I think the first answer to your question is how durable is our base business. Because I think that has a very different -- depending on how durable you feel it is, that has a very different perspective on our confidence around the mid to long term growth. So, I think, and we've talked quite a bit about this, we feel very confident with the durability of our base business. And this is different, by the way, compared to a lot of companies in the industry. Yes, we have, as you know, from our guidance we’re issuing today, we've got some patent expiry to deal with this year and some patent expiry to deal with next year in terms of Truvada. But then, as you look out in terms of time, we feel well-prepared for the Descovy patent expiry in ‘25, ‘26. And we basically then have a very durable franchise out until 2033. So that's the first part of the answer into the story. Then we do feel that we have growth engines internally and that's exactly why we've tried to highlight them a bit more, give you exposure to them, be transparent about it, but also be very clear about where those inflection points are, things that we have in our hands today. And of course, some of the obvious ones, we have on the plate with things like ulcerative colitis, potentially reading out this year, second line DLBCL, capsid inhibitor coming next year, but we didn't talk about a variety of things that are coming to the Galapagos pipeline that also have optionality for us, if you like. And that's, osteoarthritis, the Phase 2 will come true this year. And then we'll have an IPF interim next year. So, there are a variety of things in our hands, including other collaborations. I'm not speaking out here today that are in Phase 1 or label enabling Phase 2s that are going to read out. And we're giving you all the exposure to the pipeline and portfolio. So, can we grow based upon what we have in house? Yes. I'm confident we can. And I also believe that we're going to supplement that and de-risk that over time. And we're going to continue to do it in a way that you've seen us do that with proper partnerships and proper M&A transactions to get to a portfolio strength that's even more obvious to everybody and even more reliable. And that's going to take some time to build that and to grow it. But, we're firmly committed to do that and we have the resources to be able to do it. I mean, that's what I would say, Andy. Would you…
Merdad Parsey: Yes. And I won't belabor what Dan said. I think, he hit on the main things, which is sort of making sure, the capsid molecule looks really interesting. And I think we're pretty excited about that one. And building a partner for that -- for both treatment and prevention is going to be an important goal of ours. And then, in inflammation, getting the filgo launch, right. And then, supplementing, filgo in our -- filgotinib in our pipeline is going to be an important task for us to focus on as well to build around the inflammation portfolio and to enable broader reach as we develop there. And then, oncology. I think, that's an area where we are going to spend time building out, looking for opportunities, especially in immuno-oncology and working with our colleagues at Kite to make sure that we're finding the right balance and bringing the non-cell therapy portfolio upto complement the cell based therapy. I think more qualitatively, maybe I'd say, I think what you're hearing is this idea about focus for us, making sure that we're really thoughtful about where we focus and where we build our expertise so that we can build a portfolio around those areas of focus as you've heard me and Dan lay out. And also that we find a balance to address your other question around risk, to find balance around how we approach the overall portfolio. So, that we have a mix in there, some high risk, high reward programs, balanced with some other programs that are less risky and have a more higher likelihood of success. And so, we are going to approach the portfolio that way and broadly across the entire portfolio inclusive of oncology inflammation, fibrosis and HIV.
Merdad Parsey: Maybe I'll start by clarifying the timing because I think you may have given my team a heart attack. I don't think it's any day now. I think we've got it to a little bit later in the first half of the year. So, please be patient with us. We will get it out there as quickly as we can. In terms of the Entyvio non-responders, I won't know the precise proportion until after we see the demography of the study afterwards, after the trial is done. So, I'm not going to -- I’ll be speculating as to sort of where we land on that. So, I'm going to beg your patients on that one as well. But, in terms of expectations of response, I think if you look at this population, as you know, they cycle through a variety of medications. And while the response rate, when they cycle to the next medication, isn't usually as robust as a naïve patient, there are good -- there's good evidence that going from let's say Entyvio to a TNF inhibitor or vice versa, you have -- you still have a good proportion of patients who respond in that. So, I think our expectations are fairly realistic about what the response -- that we'll have responders in there to filgotinib.
Merdad Parsey: For NASH, I think, we definitely are working hard on the results from the ATLAS trial. And we'll be talking with the regulators and looking to see what the path forward is. As you said…
Merdad Parsey: EASL, right, exactly. So, in April we'll show the data to everyone in April at EASL. And we have plans for a sort of midyear discussion with the agency to sort of see if there's a path forward and what that might look like and make a decision based on those discussions. Just a reminder that we've been studying more F3 and F4 patients, the more severe patients than most of the other competition has where they're looking at the milder patient populations, the F1s to F3s --F2s and F3s, sorry, primarily. So, it does pose some unique challenges. So, we will continue to work there. And I think that -- I would say the same thing for HBV, right? I think it's -- HBV is a bit different in that. It is a core part of our business. We have therapies, we have a sales force, to your point on that. We're continuing to be committed to that space and working there. Our focus is on a cure. We have ongoing work with a number of programs to try to hit our move from where we are today in treatment to moving towards a cure. That's going to be a challenging road, but we're committed to it and continue to work there.
Johanna Mercier: So, maybe, I'll hit your Descovy question first and then go to Biktarvy. So, we exited the year about 27% with Descovy and what we're seeing is really nice uptake. But if you recall, there's a real fragmented market in the prevention market versus the treatment market. In the treatment market, you have 3,000, 4,000 prescribers. In the prevention market, it's much larger than that, like five, tenfold. And so therefore it's really -- how do we get there is making sure we focus on the higher volume, which is the same folks that actually are prescribing and prevention are also prescribing in the treatment -- HIV treatment world. And those are physicians that truly understand the benefits of going from a TDF agent to task with all the boat and renal safety that comes with it. And so, we've actually seen that share of that segment increase very rapidly. We also have another big piece of the pie that is about 20%, 25% of the volume that are folks that have never prescribed an HIV treatment. And so, these are folks that we are visiting and obviously using different means of communication to make sure they're educated around the fact of the benefits for a tap agent like Descovy. And so, what we're seeing is that increase month-to-month, and we're very pleased with where we are today, after only three months of launch. Having said that, we believe that's going to continue with some challenges potentially on the payer side. And that's how we get to the 40%, 45%, towards the end of the year in light of the fact that Truvada is losing its patent later this year in October. And so, some payers are already planning ahead a little bit on that one. And so, we're working with them very closely to make sure that patients get the best, most appropriate compound for them. And so, I guess, we're -- we believe that that's where we're going to adapt about 40%, 45% of conversion by October of this year. So, that's the Descovy story. From a Biktarvy standpoint, I think what you were saying, good quarter, and I think, I would say it's an excellent quarter for Biktarvy, if I do think of it myself. I'm very proud of the team on that front. And it's been obviously very active, very competitive in the market space as you well know. The Biktarvy is really being used for with the majority of patients, and that's really the profile of Biktarvy and what it brings to the table in light of the combination of convenience, tolerability, the high barrier to antiviral resistance. And so that kind of what Biktarvy has to offer. What I would say is, as you think about all the ending the epidemic initiatives, that's where the rapid start with Biktarvy is becoming a really increasingly point of differentiation and very important one for physicians. And I think that's really helping the Biktarvy growth as well as, as you move forward. So, the fact that, one out of two patients are actually starting on Biktarvy, whether that's a naïve patient or a switch patient, that is really where you're seeing how the market is consolidating around Biktarvy. And we believe that will just continue, not only in 2020 but beyond that just because of what Biktarvy has to offer for patients. Hopefully that answered your question, Geoff.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. So, in China, we're excited about the fact that this is really our first opportunity with reimbursed compounds. So, I think, Dan mentioned which ones. But just to highlight, from a hepatitis C stand point, it's Harvoni and Epclusa. And then, only other product is with a tender process in China and the only other product approved is [indiscernible], reimbursed, I should say. And so, I mean, of course, this is more of a volume opportunity than anything else. And this is one that we believe many patients are in need. And we have a real opportunity to help those patients. That's in hepatitis C. In hepatitis B, vemlidy also got reimbursement, which of course as you know, hepatitis B is biggest market from a patient standpoint, it’s also in China. And then last one is Genvoya and HIV, which HIV is going to be the first time that actually products will get reimbursed in China, in HIV the class. And so, we believe that's also one that we're cautiously optimistic that more patients can really get that treatment that they need. So, we are cautiously optimistic about our China business opportunity. You can appreciate that with everything going on right now in China, the focus is not on some of these new products that got reimbursement. The focus is really on the people and what's going on with the coronavirus. And so, we do think that might be a little bit delayed in 2020 as we see kind of that play out. But I do think from a longer term standpoint, this is how we should be thinking about China and the opportunity moving forward, because of the patient pool that is so predominant in the specific disease areas that we offer potential solutions for patients.
Johanna Mercier: So maybe I'll kick it off, Umer, with your first part of your question. So, specific to filgotinib, I think that you're right. Obviously, we are very well aware that it's going to be a very competitive environment. There's no doubt about that. But, I think we're being really smart about it. And what I mean by that is because I think what we're thinking about is making sure we're going to bring focus to the table. So, we’re going to be -- we are very clear about where we want to play, and where we play, we win. And that's about commercial excellence and medical excellence, to be honest with you. Because medical and commercial are going to need to partner very closely and we are already around the clinical data and the profile of this compound, and how that really needs to be at the center of everything we do with filgotinib. I would also say that, if I take other disease areas where we had similar competitive dynamics and similar competitors to be honest, we've done actually quite well in that space. And HCV is a great example of that where we've regained share. Now, we're at 60% share in HCV across the marketplace, which I do think shows others including internally and externally that we can be very comparative when we need to be. And I think that's exactly what you're going to see with filgotinib. We are preparing the teams. We are making sure that we are hiring the right people, with the right level of experiences to making sure that we are absolutely ready for an expected launch later this year. And, I think that I'm really excited about it, to be honest with you. I think, the team has really come up as a line, and I think we've brought in some really good external talent that we already had some very good internal talent as well. And building the two together, I think we'll make for a very successful launch moving forward.
Johanna Mercier: So, I think, I can touch on it from a commercial standpoint and then maybe pass it over to Diana to touch a little bit more on its clinical profile and its offerings. From a commercial standpoint, we're thinking about the caspid in two ways. One, in prevention and the other one in treatment. Obviously, we think there's probably an opportunity we'll see to see if there's monotherapy and prevention and potentially obviously, we're looking for combination in the treatment. And Diana can touch on that a little bit more. In prevention, I do think with Descovy right now in prevention and the launch of what's going on, we do think that’s probably going to be something that could be very interesting for patients, if you think about that marketplace and thinking potentially after six months. And that's really what patients are looking for to have something every six months. This could be something very interesting and exciting for patients. And that would be with the timing that we're thinking about for this compound is assuming all plays out, then it could be actually more of a switch in the prevention market from Descovy to the capsid inhibitor. Having said that in treatment that could look very different. And I do think that’s potentially a market expansion because it would really be, if we can find a combination that would really work in the treatment setting, I do think that would offer a long-acting that patients actually really want. And that's the biggest piece of the puzzle. What we're trying to do is making sure that we match up what the patients are telling us with our clinical development plan. And what I mean by that is as we've done so much market research with our patient pool, what they're telling us is yes, weekly oral would be interesting and potentially something that they might be interested over a daily compound, but it's not for everyone. And then, when you go from weekly oral to potentially what else would they want, would they rather an injectable to subcu, subcu wins out, if they'd rather three months in six months, six months wins out. And so, that's really where we have focused our clinical development team to make sure that we're addressing the needs of patients. And maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Diana.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. No, I'm totally aligned with what you said. I would just add from HCV standpoint, the only thing I would add to that is, it's just so much more predictable today than it was. And so -- and the declines are much, much softer. And so, what you're going to see is still continued price erosion across U.S. and Europe, and the patient starts are a little bit less every single quarter. But having said that, it's nothing like what we've seen in the past. So, I think much more predictable marketplace for us. In HIV, I think we have had some of those, I guess headwinds, as you say, from a competitors standpoint, mid last year, I guess, or so when competition came into the marketplace. And we have been able to manage that extremely well and very limited impact to Biktarvy and its growth trajectory. And so, we believe the same will continue throughout 2020.
