Robin L. Washington: Geoff, it's Robin, I'll answer the financial part of your question. Yes, we did include the Quad launch as well as the contingent uptick of Complera from a product gross margin in our overall guidance. I mean, from an operating margin standpoint, some of that is tempered by the R&D investments that we're making associated with Pharmasset and the rest of our therapeutic areas. You also asked about currency. As I mentioned in the guidance section, the FX assumption is included in that plus or minus 10%. We believe that our current revenue base is about $150 million to $200 million.
Robin L. Washington: So, Mark, I'll take the first part. So the margin to your point is higher for Complera. But Complera and the launch of the Quad, which wouldn't happen until the second half of 2012, are still relatively small relative to ATRIPLA. So while we keep some overall uptick because the variation in the mix of the single-tablet regimen doesn't start to make a huge difference until the out-years of the Quad upticks and Complera upticks. And you'll see more of that in 2013 and 2014.
Robin L. Washington: So Rachel, it's Robin. Relative to our R&D guidance specific year of investment for us, there, to your point there, our incremental investments in liver disease, there will be some rationalization of the portfolio. But again, given the transaction's quote less than a month ago, we're still going through that process. So that's basically taking our liver disease program and their program. And we'll do some rationalization, but that won't have an impact until the latter half of the year. There's also the ongoing investment in oncology and inflammation. And you have to keep in mind that our study progressions, we have a lot more in Phase II and Phase III trials versus prior year. So not only in 2012 but also in 2013, you'll see R&D expenses a bit higher.
Robin L. Washington: Matt, just a further clarity on Europe, right, we mentioned just the ongoing uncertainties. There is an assumption of about a 2% to 3% income -- impact from overall price reductions, which is mostly just part of the ongoing process that happens over there and there was a small amount of incremental austerity measures in the latter half of 2011 where we'll see the full year impact. Relative to collection, we continue to build up our reserves. That wouldn't impact revenue, but we baked an increase in bad debt associated with southern Europe into our SG&A guidance as well. But primarily, if things continue to deteriorate, a lot could happen as well as to have them relative to the valuation of the euro. So we factored that in also.
Robin L. Washington: Sure. Robyn, it's Robin. On the SG&A side, there was a small uptick -- and I'll let Kevin go in a little bit more detail as we prepare for the Quad. But the biggest impact on SG&A is the excise tax. So in 2012, we guided to about $50 million and that's pretty much where it came in. But going forward in -- I'm sorry, for 2011. But in 2012, we expect it to be in the range of $80 million to $100 million and that's really driven by about 3 factors. One is just our overall growth as -- or our overall revenue growth in the government sector. Also, the denominator in the calculation is getting smaller, a result of a decline in the overall pool of pharmaceutical sales used in the calculation as more products go generic. And then the overall fee is increasing. So Gilead is getting a bigger component of that tax. It's a fairly significant increase. So that's one of the primary drivers, but I'll turn it over to Kevin to talk about the Quad investment that we're making.
Robin L. Washington: And Robyn, relative to the color around the R&D expense, as I mentioned earlier, Pharmasset is a component of it. We've pretty much taken their budget. The investment in oncology and inflammation is also increasing. And as also mentioned, it's really a function of more Phase II and III as we continue to progress our overall pipeline that's driving the increased R&D expense.
Robin L. Washington: And, Geoff, relative to your share count, as we talked about with the acquisition, we did moderate and pretty much suspend our share repurchases after October of 2011. We will do moderate share repurchases in the near term to offset option dilution primarily, but our real focus of cash in the near term is going to be on debt repayment, which we expect to be back in our target. That's at the top by mid-2013. So to your question on share count, we don't expect it necessarily to go down significantly. We were just going to try to manage the current balance as much as we can.
Robin L. Washington: And, Jim, to the first part of your question, the spikes that you referred to are really just driven by a milestone payments or in the case of 2011 was primarily related to some of the M&A and the collaboration activity that we did in Q4 to the tune of $60 million, is what I called out in our script. And that included the Boehringer Ingelheim agreement as well as Global Immune (sic) [GlobeImmune] and then the other piece related to the timing of the Quad filing. So again, that's what the driver was. Those aren't always predictable when you think about 2012. And the way we plan it is it's pretty much straight line, but those milestones can occur from time to time.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, just on the clinical side, of course, we are -- we've been thinking about the whole different number of scenarios and many of these depend on what the emerging data look like. And that will all become much clearer in the next month or 2 or 3. And the other thing is we still have to have conversations with regulatory authorities. But something I can tell you, we've been thinking about this to further accelerate the program. It's entirely conceivable that you would actually -- the studies that will get to approval would be 2 or 3 placebo-controlled studies. So you take the placebo-controlled study in genotype 2/3 that Pharmasset has announced already at AASLD and you add to that 1 or 2 placebo-controlled studies in genotype 1 with 7977 and ribavirin. That would probably be an attractive thing for us to do. But again, of course, it depends on the data and the genotype 1 patients and secondly whether regulatory authorities would agree to that. And both of those things are being discussed internally and we have a meeting scheduled with regulatory authorities to discuss this.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Rachel, so I'll answer the first question. So the data that we will have by CROI or we'll be presenting at CROI is enough to schedule the meeting with the FDA. So that's the data that we're going to send in to get a meeting date. And when the meeting is actually scheduled, which is typically 3, 4 weeks later, then we'll have more data. And that will absolutely suffice to discuss the strategy that we're going to pursue in Phase III and genotype 1 patients.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Rachel, maybe to follow up on that, we started a large number of Phase II studies last year that looked at relevant questions then, they are not as relevant anymore now. So we will, of course, discontinue those studies, but it takes a while to close them out. So as Robin said, the real benefit of closing them out will not be seen in the first half of this year, more a bit later.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Matt, I'll answer your first question. It is our intent that, as these data mature, that we will make them public and communicate them because we have to do that. We also owe it to the investigators and the patients, that they know and that helps involvement in nonclinical studies. But we have not made a decision yet what exactly we're going to present at what meeting. It depends on really how the data evolves and what are we going to have at what point in time when the abstract deadline is due. So we'll decide that when -- on more short notice.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yaron, so 3 comments, 3 answers to your questions. So first of all, I would like to remind you again. I know you know this, but the RVR data is necessary but not sufficient. I want to remind you, in the ELECTRON genotype 2/3, they had 100% RVR rates with 7977 by itself but only 60% SVR rate. So we really have to wait for the SVR data, that's the meaningful thing. Then the other thing, we're just thinking about -- I mean, that this is all a dialogue internally. We get to a study in naive patients, in Phase III and genotype 1 and another study in previous treatment failures or rebound, also nonresponders, that will be kind of the treatment-na誰ve and treatment-experienced. And then the other question, yes, absolutely, we are acutely aware of the fact that we have to do studies in other geographies. It's just the fact that these studies are going to enroll very, very quickly and they will be enrolled way before we have the first site up and running. But what we are thinking about is doing, for instance, there's another special population studies that we're going to do in parallel and those are, for instance, transplant, HIV co-infection [indiscernible] telaprevir failures, those are just 4 samples. And those we would look to focus more on outside the United States to give people, particularly in Europe, experience with the drug and some comfort to use it so that they are comfortable once it gets approved.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, but it's not needed for registration, so we can absolutely register the drug in the U.S. and probably also in Europe. We still have to have that conversation with European regulatory agencies with the U.S. studies.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Sapna, so the end-of-treatment data, we have now and they were included at the abstract, so these are the SVR, the RVR data. But we don't have any SVR data yet. And those will be presented at CROI and it will SVR4s. That's all we're going to have. But as I said in my script, SVR4s are a reasonable proxy for SVR12 because they have been at least qualitatively very predictive. And secondly, what are we going to do with the rest of our HCV portfolio? Well, 7977 and ribavirin is not going to be our last drug that we're going to get approved in hepatitis C, but we're really aiming for a pan-genotypic single-tablet all once-daily regimen. And that, I think, is much closer than we thought a year ago. And we have all the compounds internally in place so we can pursue that. The first one will obviously be 5885 or 7977. That will probably be genotype 1 specific, but we have other things coming behind it that has pan-genotypic potential.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Brian, I would like to -- Kevin wants to chime in, please do. So Brian, you said, what is the -- what kind of SVR rates do we need to consider a broad genotype 1 development programs. I want to remind you, there a lot of people that are interferon-ineligible/intolerant. And so even with a not optimal SVR rate, this would absolutely be a very successful product because -- let's just pick something, 30% SVRs. If there is no downside, you try it for 3 months, and afterwards, you may have a 30% chance of being cured. That's a huge step forward from where we are today. So that's how we're thinking about it. And the other question you had, can't remember now.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: What's the rate in these steps, so we are currently pursuing a drug interaction study 7977, 5885 that will then be followed by a fairly small Phase II study to simply show that you can use together, the 2 together that you get reasonable SVR rates. And that will then lead to a Phase III study, and it's probably about 6 months to 8 months behind 7977 by itself.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So genotype 2/3, Ian, as we said, it's kind of on its merry way, so the first study is enrolling. And as I said, I think, in my conference call, the study was started on December 19 and really not much happened in December because of the holidays. But nevertheless, we screened, as of this morning, 145 patients. That's pretty remarkable. And that's the less attractive study of the 2. We're actually intentionally waiting with the second study so the first gets a little bit underway. So the study will enroll very quickly. It's a 6-month total study duration, 3 months frequent, 3-month follow-up. We will be able to assemble and analyze the data fairly quickly and then submit it to the FDA. And then you can kind of do the math. It's going to be a very accelerated timeframe. And genotype 1, if we get -- if the data look good, we will initiate that, at the same time, the second genotype 2/3 study gets up and rolling. And genotype 1 will be even faster because there are more patients around. So I think it's just going to be a very rapid development.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So we are doing a drug interaction. We'll do a Phase II, a small Phase II study, similar to what a 12-week 7977, 5885 plus, minus ribavirin, something of that sort. And once we have SVR4 data, I would feel comfortable making a decision to go to Phase III with SVR12 data emerging during that process. So we were thinking it would be maybe 6 to 8 months behind the 797 (sic)  ribavirin program.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Geoff, so the ELECTRON, the arm with 7977 by itself, still looks the same. This is not data we have disclosed, but that's one reason why we feel SVR4 is a pretty good proxy for SVR12.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, Tom, we have not disclosed this in any way, but we have a number of backup nucleosides that we, Gilead, has been working on. And of course Pharmasset had a number of other nucleosides that are further back. None of this is clinical yet so it's still preclinical, but that's what we're looking at.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. So Mike, absolutely. We have not only thought about it, but some of these cohorts are already ongoing to look at even shorter duration than 12 weeks to see what the response rates are there and to also look at other combination. I want to remind you, we have 2 important studies ongoing, one with BMS in combination with their NS5A inhibitor with or without ribavirin and one with Tibotec with TMC435. Both of those look at combinations of 7977 with other agents and we'll provide important information about how to use the drug ultimately. And by the way, both of those studies, the BMS study, as you can see. It also explores ribavirin-sparing because the arms, are 7977 plus the BMS NS5A, plus or minus ribavirin, so it has both 2 drugs and 3 drugs. And that's what you...
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No, really not because that study is conducted by BMS and they have control over the data assembly and release.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, the study is fully enrolled. I don't have the last patient's last visit here. But normally, internally, we look at 3 to 6 months to collect, analyze, write up the data, submit them and this will probably be a 6-month review efficacy supplement. So you're looking at maybe a year after completion of the 48-week end-point.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Well, so if you were -- calculation is correct, then yes, it's reasonable to expect that. The other -- I just want to point out 2 things. Actually, we haven't enrolled 145, we screened 145. There will be a certain screen failure rate, although we don't expect that to be high. The other thing is, also, there aren't a lot of the sites up and running yet. We were thinking about having a large number of sites. With only 19 sites open, in this short period of time, we have 145 screened. So enrollment will be very quick. I do not really want to predict how quick, but assume they're out. 6 months afterwards -- 9 months afterwards is the end of this study. Remember the control arm is peg/riba 24 weeks, so it's a 9-month observation period. And after that, yes, you could submit certainly an abstract to a meeting.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Well, at one point, of course, if you get to very low numbers, you kind of you know then we wouldn't be doing it because we don't need to go there. We have 5885 and 7977 that's about 6 months afterwards. And that if 7977 and ribavirin is not enough in genotype 1 by itself, then adding 5885 would certainly greatly increase those response rates. And we then just have to gauge what is the loss and time and the risk and the expenses associated with it.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: We really don't see it that way that we say, below 30%, we don't do it; above 30%, we do; with 50%, we do. We have to really look at the totality of the data. Another thing, of course, is also we would have to look at resistance. Those that don't respond, the rebounders or null responders, if there are any, well, there aren't any right now, but if there were, those people develop resistance. And if the answer is no, then you could say there was really no downside to treating somebody. The only downside practically is cost. It's safe, well-tolerated. It's only for 3 months, that overall, it's convenient. And you know why? If you win 30% response rate, that seems to be why wouldn't patient accept that as a reasonable alternative to what's currently available.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No. Actually, Brian, that -- until seeing the slide right now, that is not correct. There were 2 -- those 2 cohorts at 25 patients target enrollment. That's...
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, absolutely, Brian. We actually had a conversation with them when they informed us of their intent to do an AdCom. We said why do we need one? And they referred us to a guidance document that's available on the FDA website. And they clearly said FDA advisory committee meetings can be convened or should be convened if it's a first-in-class molecule. And the FDA felt fairly strongly that cobicistat, in particular, was something that's first-in-class, one-of-its-kind and that's why they wanted to do it. But they also communicated to us that there's no safety or efficacy concern with the Quad that will make them feel like they need an advisory committee. So it's more of a policy thing that has to do with first-in-class, one-of-its-kind molecules in cobicistat that is the one that's in the Quad.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, so Mark, to be clear, the abstract was submitted with all available RVR data, which comes from both cohorts the treatment-na誰ve and null responders from ELECTRON. But at the time of the CROI presentation, we will only have SVR4 data on the null responders. That's the total of 10. There won't be any other SVR data, which is those patients are still just aren't as long -- as far along at that point in time. So that's what we're going to have.
Kevin B. Young: Mark, it's Kevin on HIV. We think we've got very attractive potentials for Quad. The results that was referred to by Norbert, I can tell you, the awareness of Quad is incredibly high, particularly in the U.S. where we did the majority of our 102 and 103 studies. And I just think there is such a high and growing demand now for single-tablet regimens. On Slide 36, we begged a snapshot of Synovate Q4. The IPSOS [ph] healthcare database is actually Synovate, they were bought out. And so we begged to have a very early look -- particularly for Complera. But you can see already, just in the first quarter, our Gilead single-tablet regimen share has gone up to almost 60% in the na誰ve patients. And I think that shows you the preference for a single-tablet, so I think having our quote on the market will only help that. I do want to point out that, of course, our label will be in the na誰ve-treatment setting as opposed to treatment-experienced patients for the Quad. But nevertheless, I think the Quad is, in my mind, going to do very, very well in HIV.
Kevin B. Young: I wouldn't have much, Brian. We're very close now to CROI, so in a little over a month, we're going to see that data. So I think that's going to be very informative. So I wouldn't really add much to Norbert's comments.
Kevin B. Young: Yes, Robyn, it really isn't HCV. HCV is mostly in 2012 around market assessment and building our launch plans. We are increasing our investments in HIV for the U.S. for the Quad. Again, that will be very efficient. We do have a plan, I think, for a high impact launch and we're certainly not going to leave anything on the table when it comes to the launch of the Quad. I should also add that we're very carefully establishing our Asian organization. We hope by the middle of 2012 that we'll have the pricing approval for Viread for HPV in Korea. And Korea is a very substantial market for hepatitis B. Entecavir is actually the biggest product of any pharmaceutical in the Korean market and we'd like to be successful there. So we're being selective and we're being very focused, but we think they're good investments to make around the world.
Kevin B. Young: Jim, it's Kevin. I'll take the second part first in terms of the kind of possible uptake of Quad. Just a step back, if you think about Complera, now Complera was never going to be ATRIPLA. There are just really no existing patients who has newer conversion market like we had with ATRIPLA. ATRIPLA had 80,000 patients on the components when we came out the gates. And obviously, that gave it an incredible ramp-up. We never have that -- never said we would have that with Complera. So in some ways, Complera is almost like a third agent launch. And that's why on Slide 35 I referred to our volume being above Prezista as a sort of a third agent comparator, which we're pretty pleased with. I think at this stage, I would probably peg the launch of the Quad somewhere between an ATRIPLA and a Complera. As I said earlier, there's a high expectation for Quad, very high knowledge of it and a very strong investigative base. So we believe that there is a high expectation. And I think we believe that we would get to preferred listing, a preferred ranking for Quad based on 102 and 103 data. We never expected to be a preferred regimen in treatment guidelines with Complera, but we are hopeful that that would happen fairly quickly with Quad. And obviously, that's a big market driver.
