John Martin: Thank you, Patrick, and thank you all for joining us today. The first quarter of 2014 was an important step towards realizing a number of milestones for the business, particularly in hepatitis C. Earlier today we reported product sales of $4.9 billion, an increase of 104% year-over-year. This increase was driven by the launch of Sovaldi. Sovaldi's profile has the potential to transform the treatment of hepatitis C and the rapid uptake speaks to a significant unmet medical need. I couldn't be more proud of the teams at Gilead, who rapidly brought this product to market supported by a robust data package of data from many clinical studies. Paul Carter will discuss the launch in more detail. Moving to other advances in hepatitis C, FDA granted a PDUFA date of October 10, for the single tablet regimen of once-daily combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 infection in adults, and also advised us that an advisory committee would probably not be necessary. In addition, the European Marketing Authorisation Application for ledipasvir/sofosbuvir has been validated and has been granted accelerated assessment by the European Medicines Agency, a designation for new therapies and medicines of major public interest. If approved, this STR could be available for marketing in EU by the end of 2014. On April 2, in a press release, topline data were disclosed from a Phase 3 study of sofosbuvir/ribavirin dosed for 12 weeks in genotype 2 hepatitis C infected patients in Japan. In this study, 98% of treatment na誰ve and 95% of treatment experienced patients achieved SVR12. This study will support regulatory submission in Japan by mid-year. Earlier this month, at the 49th Annual European Association for the Study of the Liver, EASL, was held in London. At this meeting, new data on Gilead's products and liver diseases programs were presented in 15 oral talks and over 40 posters, including results from three Phase 3 studies, ION 1, 2 and 3 on the ledipasvir/sofosbuvir fixed-dose combination. Concurrently, the results of these three studies were also published online in the New England Journal of Medicine. Other presentations at EASL show that both, sofosbuvir/peg/riba and sofosbuvir/ledipasvir with or without ribavirin are viable regimens for the retreatment of patients who had failed previous regimens, including sofosbuvir and containing regimens. In these studies, retreatment resulted in SVRs of 74% to 100%. In addition, results from our Phase 2 study evaluating GS-5816, the next generation pan-genotypic NS5A inhibitor were presented. Treatment of patients with genotype 1 through 6 with GS-5816 with sofosbuvir for 72 weeks resulted in SVR12 rates of 86% to 100%. Initiation of Phase 3 studies of a fixed-dose combination of GS-5816 and sofosbuvir are expected later this year. Earlier this month, WHO published guidelines on screening, care and treatment of persons with HCV infection. This quick action by the World Health Organization signals recognition of the recent advancements in the treatment of hepatitis C. Now, turning to HIV. The two Phase 3 studies comparing the single tablet regimen of ECF TAF in Stribild in treatment na誰ve patients are fully enrolled and we expect data to become available in the fourth quarter of 2014. In addition, this STR is being evaluated in a number of other studies, including treatment experience patients, patients on stable therapy, who are switched to ECF TAF, patients with mild-to-moderate renal impairment and also in adolescent patients. We currently anticipate filing for U.S. and European approval of ECF TAF in the first quarter of 2015 for na誰ve, experienced and switch indications. In oncology, we continue to prepare for the potential approval and launch of idelalisib. The relapsed CLL application was assigned a priority review with a PDUFA date of August 6, and the relapsed refractory iNHL application was assigned a standard review with the PDUFA date of September 11. As I mentioned earlier, I am proud of what the team has accomplished with the launch of Sovaldi, and I also want to acknowledge the contributions on other important activities by more than 6,000 employees at Gilead. I will now turn the call over to Paul Carter.
John Martin: Brian, let me answer the first questions, then Paul will talk about the price issue. So we have proposed in our regulatory filing that eight week treatment duration should be for everybody who is treatment na誰ve and non-cirrhotic. People who are treatment experienced and/or cirrhotic will 12 weeks of treatment and this is really based that thought process. This follows a thought process where we asked ourselves if we take everybody 12 weeks, how many of the patients would be over treated, would get more than they need. And there were way too many, was north of 90% depending on which population you looked at. And if you were in London, you may remember, [indiscernible] who did one of our IM presentations. He actually mentioned this at the podium. And given the fact that you can't justify not medically, but certainly not economically over treating patients that for one-third of the duration, they need only 8 weeks, but they get a 12. That I think is a reasonable proposal. And our of course it has too to be agreed upon with regulatory authorizes, but that was our proposal in the filings that we have made.
John Martin: Maybe I'll just add a couple of comments on VA. So Sovaldi was added to the VA National Formulary during the first week of April. And ultimately be a potentially the largest federal purchaser of healthcare for Hepatitis C in the U.S. We haven't seen a huge amount of orders come in yet, but this is really because it's very, very early days for them. In the prison system, Federal Bureau of Prisons is updating basically the treatment guidelines and we understand those are going to be released imminently and we do anticipate that Sovaldi will be included in those guidelines.
John Martin: And if may add something, John, we're going to continue to be disciplined about all of this just because we have more money available, it doesn't mean we're going to spend it. The science has to be right and the medical need has to be right, that's when we're going to do it and not in any other -- under any other scenario.
John Martin: The combination of patients who are on genotype 2 taking 12 weeks and genotype 3 who are taking 24 weeks, but anyway you doing the math with the shorter duration and a high percentage of patients now taking non-interferon-based regimens is not surprising that the interferon sales are declining.
John Martin: Well, I think we have answered the question. AbbVie chose to do a separate cirrhotic study. We have included our cirrhotic patients, and by the results were in that population, AbbVie had 88% and then our subpopulation of treatment experienced cirrhotic patient was 86%, so a similar number. The only thing to remember is AbbVie didn't have experienced patient, really as experienced patients in their study, we did. So comparing the two studies is a difficult thing to do, you'll have to do a head-to-head study. And I think you asked about what's next about, the thing would be 5816. So what we have now filed ledipasvir/sofosbuvir for genotype 1 and we're repeating this now with a pan-genotypic NS5A inhibitor in as GS-5816, which would be the one pill, once daily for everybody for all genotypes. We're finishing up some studies, one the result was disclosed at EASL by Emerson, that show it works against all genotype sofosbuvir GS-5816 combination. We still have with data are coming in right now on the same regimen cirrhotic and we're also looking at shorter treatment durations. When all of that is in we'll make a decision to go in Phase III some time in the second half of this year.
John Martin: It's very hard to determine, if there is warehousing, except by talking to physicians, and we've talked to some of the top KOLs, and it's clear that they are thinking they would like to hold back some of their less sick patients to put them on all oral therapies later on the year. But as I mentioned there is a whole host of the middle-tier physicians, people who don't attend, so who are just now becoming Sovaldi prescribers, who seem to be having a very good experience. And we don't get any sense that they are all that aware of the next generation coming out or that they wish to slowdown their own practices in order to wait for business later on the year. So I kind of doubt that those physicians would have significant amounts of warehousing, and in fact could likely accelerate their use of Sovaldi as they get into the second part of this year.
John Martin: These are getting into the middle-decile of the doctors represent that mix, where they'll exclude the lower tiers, because we tend not to hit those decile one and two doctors frequently. But it's a real middle mix of these doctors who are geographically difficult to get to in some cases and some times could be difficult to see. So that is a really good piece of business for us as well. And the second question was the DTC -- 
Robin Washington: Thank you, Paul, and good afternoon everyone. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for our first quarter 2014 were $1.48. Total revenues for the first quarter were $5 billion, up 97% year-over-year. As Paul mentioned, similar to prior year's strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases in anticipation of January 1 price increases for HIV and cardiopulmonary products results in an inventory drawdown in the first quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP product gross margins were 87.4%, up from 74.5% largely driven by Sovaldi sales and an favorable HIV product mix. Sovaldi's impact to gross margin is a combination of Sovaldi revenues as a percent of total net product revenue and the geographic mix of these revenues, which were 92% U.S. sales in the first quarter. Product gross margin for our HIV franchise was favorably impacted, primarily by lower Atripla revenues. Turning to expenses year-over-year. Non-GAAP R&D expenses were up $98 million reflecting the progression of clinical study activity, primarily in oncology and HIV. Non-GAAP SG&A spending was up $167 million to support the ongoing lunches of Sovaldi in the U.S. and in cautionary as well as the anticipated launch of idelalisib. Cash flow from operations was $1.5 billion. During the quarter, we raised $4 billion in debt financing for general corporate purposes, including repayment of debt, working capital and share repurchases. We also repaid $840 million in debt from previous finances and purchased $450 million in shares. Finally, we are reiterating full year 2014 guidance, which excludes Sovaldi product sales and is outlined on Slide 45. The metrics we provided in February for the impact of Sovaldi product sales still applies to our full year results and includes the following estimates. Non-GAAP product gross margin will increase by approximately 0.75% to 1% for every $1 billion of Sovaldi sales and non-GAAP effective tax rate will decrease approximately 0.75% to 1% for every $1 billion of Sovaldi sales. In closing, we look forward to updating you on our continued progress in the coming months. We would now like to open the call for questions.
Robin Washington: Absolutely, Geoff. Thanks for the question. I mean our plan has always been to accelerate our repurchases, post the launch of Sovaldi. So you could definitely expect to see larger share repurchases, cash flows and recent debt raise. We have the liquidity to be able to do that. And as you mentioned just given our current stock prices something that we would be able to take further advantage of and reduce the number of shares outstanding.
Robin Washington: Not at this point, Geoff. We haven't kind of recalibrated to that. We haven't provided guidance. Again, I'd say, definitely it will be north or higher. But we haven't necessarily rethought our capital strategy, where I can give you a percentage of free cash flow at this point in time.
Robin Washington: Yaron, we're only 17 weeks in, in our market at this point and our IMA agreement are not totally inter-passed as we've previously communicated in case of Sovaldi nine months or so to fully get through that process. So while we know that inventory was build this quarter, it is difficult for us to fully quantify it at this point in time in the launch. But I would say, as we continue to get more clarity around demand et cetera going forward, we'll be better able to provide that in the future, but I would say there is inventory, but unfortunately we're not able to quantify it at this point.
John Milligan: Geoff, its John Milligan. So, yes, there is a number of things, I think it's important that we talk about. First and foremost, the value of a cure I tend to think it's under estimated in terms of the overall advantage to the healthcare system receives from it. And I do know, as we have talked to doctors and certainly the tone coming out of EASL has been one of greater understanding of the value that it provides to patients and healthcare systems. And then, in fact, HCV patients cost a lot of money. The all cost mortality, the overall healthcare cost for an HCV patient is very high. And we are seeing more and more papers now being written on this, as there is a possibility of curing a larger number of patients. And so we do think that's an important part of the dynamic of talking about this, and also talking about the priorities that healthcare systems will likely make as they do choose to treat certain patients now and for certain patients to later. And these will be difficult conversations, but important ones for doctors and the payer community and public health officials to undertake, as they understand the benefit that they get and try to outline the timeframe from which they wish to tackle this very difficult problem of trying to eradicate HCV from as much of the population as we can. And so we will be talking quite heavily about these things. There are publications out there not by Gilead, but by respected people in the field, who understand this very well and whoever can start these conversations and more of an academic collegiate way.
John Milligan: And I guess, I'll take the second part, this is John Milligan, again. So just thinking about, your question was what do we take into account where putting the price of Sovaldi and Sovaldi was I think price appropriately based on the benefit that it provides today, but we were aware that a significant percentage of patients, particularly those with low risk factors, a new to therapy could benefit from eight weeks in the future with the combination of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir. So we did think about this very heavily as we weighed into our debate on what the final price of Sovaldi would be and of course it will weigh into our picking on the next generation of pricing as well as we mature to no ribavirin, no interferon simple regimens for shorter duration still and so we will provide additional benefit to those medications that we have taken always into account as we think through pricing strategies.
John Milligan: Our R&D as a percentage of sales has been down fairly dramatically this quarter as you know, which means you can't grow that up to a level that might be more appropriate for a company with the sales levers we're seeing in a very short period of time. It takes a long time to hire the people and to put thoughtful programs into place. So with regard to R&D, our philosophy is simple, would be to continue to grow, but to grow a reasonable sustainable pace as we add more pogroms and as things mature from research into development. We're seeing quite a number of those happening this year and that I think is quite exciting for us. In terms of BD, it's somewhat of a similar issue, we're looking for to licensing programs, but we can only grow so fast based on a number of people we have, the complexity of the business and also just the capability of bringing in and bringing programs in and then doing a very good job on them. So I think we've got a very full pipeline right now. I think it's going to be a thoughtful way forward as we grow the company, and I think we have most of what we need to continue to grow this company for years to come. So that would be very, what I call very targeted kinds of transactions that can help further us along.
John Milligan: Ian its John Milligan. It's always difficult to talk about pricing. And let's not forget, we don't have approvals for those products. But as you know as you think about it there were natural limits on what I think is appropriate for a next generation products. And for example, with 5885, we're essentially replacing pegylated interferon and ribavirin, which over a 12-week duration is much less expensive for example than Sovaldi. So first of all it is the driver, the value in that combination. And then I tend to think about it in that sort of way. And so I think you're right. People are concerned about the combinations of things like Alicio and Sovaldi. And that's really not how we're thinking about next generation products.
John Milligan: Well, Jim, it's not generally prudent to talk about strategies in public, so that others know what you're doing. So I'm going to decline making any comments on that. Although I do note that it looks to us based on today's filing of the AbbVie regimen with the five drug regimen that they're putting out there, that we should have a considerable leads to market from where they are, since they are over two months behind us in terms of their filing, so that could be an advantage for us.
John Milligan: So Matthew, its John Milligan. In terms of the patient numbers, I mean you see the prescription rates as much as we do. We don't necessarily know where those patients come from, so I can't speak to the United Health population whether that is an accurate portray all or not, I assume they know more than we do about those patients and their system. But as Paul had talked about we have less than 50% of physicians who can prescribe Sovaldi, who have prescribed Sovaldi. And so we also look at the fraction of patients who've been treated relative to the total patients and it's relatively small. In a typical year about 60,000 patients are treated, near about 30,000 last quarter, and so that put us certainly in a faster pace than the last few years, but certainly far below some of the peak years and well over 140,000 patients were treated. So for one believes there are many, many patients out there who will continue to seek some Sovaldi therapy or who might be looking forward to the combination therapy, as we get later into the year. So I think there is plenty of opportunity out there for us.
Norbert Bischofberger: I am going to try to answer the first question. So with regards to the price and volume and the overall cost, there are four points to make. The first one is that regimen cost of Sovaldi/peg/riba for 12 weeks is not dissimilar from standard of care, either simeprevir or [ph] faldaprevir or peg/riba for the respective period of time. Number two, Sovaldi provide shorter treatment durations, higher cure rates and is better tolerated. So there is the value. But the value goes beyond just treating hepatitis C, there is value, as John Milligan mentioned, there is more disease in HCV that is non-hepatic. So if you look at the extra Hepatic mortality, non-HCV related is much higher in the HCV infected population than the control group. Thirdly, curing somebody for hepatitis C has benefits that go beyond the liver. It's recognized now that hepatitis C is a chronic inflammatory condition that over time leads to more diabetes, more heart disease, more CNS disease and you could certainly reasonably argue curing somebody of their hepatitis C infection has collateral benefits that go beyond the liver. And we've actually shown that in our own Phase 3 studies. It's a result that's somewhat underappreciated. We have looked at PRO, patient reported outcomes, and we have shown in a blind fashion that the people in the studies that achieve an SVR, they had much better outcomes than those that didn't. And the better outcomes were they felt better, they had less bodily pain and they had even better mental health status. And we're working as John Milligan said, in putting all of this together into a bigger pharmacoeconomic argument, but to summarize a short answer to your question, I do not believe its medically to prioritize and restrict the cure of hepatitis C. It maybe necessary economically and that's what is going to address.
Norbert Bischofberger: Simtuzumab was always the preclinical data strongly supported both fibrosis and solid tumors, and lots of [indiscernible] involved than necessary in both and expressed to high levels and both. So we decided to enter solid tumors. We chose pancreatic and colorectal cancer. And we chose to go into fibrosis and we chose IPF in Liver. And I have to say, all of these studies were done so that when if we see a spectacular effect, that we could potentially file with the Phase 2 data. For instance, the liver study, as I stressed many times, it's powered on HPVT, hepatic venous pressure gradient, that's an approval endpoint according to FDA and NASH, under accelerated approval guidelines. And the IPF study is similarly powered that we could file with the Phase 2 data, if the data is good. So you know, we feel very comfortable with the program. I know it looks like a lot when you look at the slide, but it's certainly a risk worth taking, this Simtuzumab if it works, it could be a really big drug, a successful drug for us.
Norbert Bischofberger: Michael, I would like to add something also in this pharma-economic debate and that is that there was a paper published in 2012 in hepatology that looked at the cost of caring for a Hepatitis C infected person and what is apparent from that paper that the cost of not treating is fairly substantial, and actually that paper claims it ranged from $7,000 for a cirrhotic early disease patient to $42,000 per year for somebody with end-stage lever disease. Those are the annual cost of just doctor visits, tests and other care. So that clearly has to be entered into this debate also, although I'm not sure how much of that is applicable to Europe, the cost might be different there. This was a really large U.S. study.
Norbert Bischofberger: The other equation is an interesting one that maybe I could summarize it by something that a well-respected thought leader told me. He said, he would prefer 12 weeks of treatment over eight, simply because it is something that's really safe, well-tolerated, why not go for the safe path and give them 12 weeks, it's not that much more. But then he went on to say that he is ultimately not the one that will make that decision, but that decision will probably be made for him by the payers. And how that's exactly worked operationally, I'm unsure, but that's probably what we're thinking.
Paul Carter: Mark, it's actually, this launch is absolutely unprecedented as we've already sort of agreed I think. The data coming in and the kind of patients sort of being treated is not absolutely clear yet. I mean, we got a sense of the genotype, but we don't have a good sense about the severity of fibrosis scores. We have, call it, a sort of qualitative anecdotal comments coming in, but I don't think I'm in a position really to say that proportion of F3 and F4s. I would get it's about maybe 30% or 40%, but that's just a personal guess.
Paul Carter: Well, we can't tell you too much is the honest truth, because we're in negotiation, but everything is pretty much in line with our expectation and our experience with HIV and other drug. So we're in negotiations. We're making good progress. And that's really all I can say at this point.
Paul Carter: Michael, this is Paul here. I think you've got it in one there. Its how to going to be big in short-term or it's going to be longer-term and less each year and I think the European markets, market-by-market have their own economic circumstances. A lot of the Southern European countries that you're fully aware have really tight squeezes on their healthcare budgets. And they will have to probably prioritize patients at this point or significantly increase the amount of money going into Hepatitis C. So I think we're very confident in our clinical position and the science and our pipeline. So to us, we're very, very comfortable about it. But I think you're right, it's going to be spread out in Europe, typically some of the Southern European countries over a longer time period.
Paul Carter: So again, its very early days and our data to some extent is reflecting that. We think about 90% of our business so far in the first quarter has come from both the private and the Medicare sector. And I think that that's probably split roughly half and half. Medicaid is about 70% and the rest is the small balance left over.
Paul Carter: So there is a healthy, I'm not sure it's healthy, I see tension between payers and clinicians I think at this point. And it's clear that some payers are trying to restrict or prioritize patients with say higher fibrosis scores or sicker patients. And I think clinicians are some times taking a different view of that and it's very hard for us to see how that's worked out from here, but we do hope that the clinician and the science prevails, but over time we're pretty confident that would be the case as payers starts to get used to and to predict better the volumes of patients that require treatment.
Paul Carter: The data we have is only for the U.S. We think about 70% of patient's are genotype 1 and also 70% -- we think about 65% to 70% are on so called NEUTRINO regimen at 12 weeks of sofosbuvir plus peg/riba. So I think that that's 12 week piece, the 24 week piece we're not at all sure on.
Paul Carter: I think this is a wonderful idea and if it could work, it will be great, because we could have one price and access at the same time across Europe. But as we've often said, you can't change a thousand years of history, and if Europe ever managed to get back together on this, I would be absolutely amazed. So that's really my point of view on it.
Paul Carter: DTC campaign. We really don't have any idea if the unbranded campaign of awareness have had an impact other than a few anecdotes of patients calling their physicians. I think give the stronger than expected early demands, those campaigns, of course, are being rolled back very substantially and you'll see less and less of that in the coming weeks and months.
