Paul Carter: Yes, Geoff, I think there is two questions there actually, but I can give you a little bit feedback on Harvoni's launch, as you pointed out we only have one data point like you do, but I can tell you a little bit more what we are hearing, but first of all the data point is prescriptions last week was for prescriptions that are actually filled. We are hearing that many more prescriptions are being written during these first, two or three weeks of launch. We have to be careful, I think comparing apples-to-apples though with the Sovaldi launch, if any of you remember, Sovaldi was approved at the beginning of December and there was a reticence I think at that point for many physicians to write prescriptions starting patients off from interferon regimen just prior to the Christmas and holiday period. So there is a slight apples-to-apples comparison, I think we need to take into account. However, we are seeing a few things. We are seeing a broader group of physicians writing scripts. I think than with Sovaldi, several physicians we know have written scripts that never wrote one for Sovaldi before and I think this reflects the simplicity of the Harvoni regimen. We are also seeing the rate of adoption, I think a little bit faster this time. So some physicians who took many months to write their first prescription of Sovaldi seem to appreciate again the simplicity of the Harvoni regimen and are writing scripts earlier. With regard to payors, we are feeling reasonably confident with their reaction. I think they're very pleased to see that in GT 1 patients, up to half we estimate of those patients will be eligible for eight weeks of therapy in due course because they're either treatment naïve non-cirrhotic and with a low baseline viral load, and I think also when they compare the cost of the treatments of Sovaldi plus Olysio, which we saw ramping up during the course of the year and in fact I think in the second quarter or possibly in the third quarter or even maybe 50% of patients, were on that very expensive regimen costing around $150,000 there is a sense of relief now that a large number of patients will be able to access the eight-week regimen at substantially reduced cost. So that's very positive I believe. It's very early really to characterize access through the state payer systems and really too early to say that. I do think it's worth pointing out that Sovaldi will continue to co-exist with Harvoni. So I think in the month going forward, we should look at the overall Gilead position in hepatitis C as Harvoni plus the Sovaldi prescription, but we're going to continue to see because Sovaldi remains the best on label options for genotype 2, 3, 6 and for various other patient sub-groups. So pretty early days, but I think good signs. We also just had a satellite symposium hosted last week by several hepatitis C thought leaders and we had 1,900 healthcare providers join that symposium. So I think it's a very high level of interest and so we are quietly confident in the success of this launch. I think the second question was about fibrosis score, we've seen a surprisingly large number of patients actually treated with low fibrosis scores. I think our estimate, so far in the year-to-date is that, zero through two is about 60% of the patients treated. So the balance would be F3s and F4s, Geoff, I hope that answer the question.
Paul Carter: Yes, so it's a really hard question to answer. We really don't know, I mean I think the apples-to-apples comparisons with Sovaldi again, we need to take into consideration that I think insurance companies were somewhat unprepared for the volume of patients when Sovaldi was initially launched and certainly in the first few weeks, a lot of prescriptions I think went through very quickly. This time insurance companies are more organized and prepared around the Harvoni launch, so there may be a slightly more -there may be some more constraints initially. But as I said Harvoni is an incredible step forward. You know the single tablet once a day, interferon free, ribavirin free regimen, many patients able to be prescribed for just eight weeks. So I would hope that the economic benefits, even at the eight-week potential might expedite proceedings, but is a bit difficult to tell, there are some swings round about on this.
Paul Carter: Yes, I think we should anticipate, certainly for modeling, I would anticipate the same sort of timelines for Harvoni through the state Medicaid systems. Although, I would emphasize again, the eight-week regimen, you would hope the economic benefits of the shorter treatment might expedite that process somewhat.
Paul Carter: So we are making very good progress in terms of reimbursement agreements with most of the major European countries, what we have in Europe is somewhat why the state Medicaid assumes fairly inflexible budget to healthcare generally and specifically in the hepatitis C area, having said that, I think there is very clear recognition of the unmet medical need and particularly in some countries, the very large number of patients that really need to be treated as soon as possible. We would expect, as government to prioritize the patients just because of the inflexible nature of the budget and therefore, I think at the stage, the sicker patients clearer would be the first ones to be treated. Having said that, ironically John pointed out, the best way to save money per patient is to treat early and in fact treat these, less cirrhotic patients on the eight weeks, type of therapy that will be available shortly in Europe.Michael Yee – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Paul Carter: And I can just add, certainly speaking for Italy the budget will be a significant step up from previous hepatitis C budgets, with the ambition of treating a lot of patients, over the next few years and with a recognition that they can't possibly treat all patients you know the first year or two, this will be spread out over many years.Phil Nadeau – Cowen & Company: Great thanks for taking my questions.
Paul Carter: Until we see the product profiles, I think if the shorter week durations, I think it's actually impossible to answer that question. I think, that what we do have there with Harvoni is a really, really strong clinical profile and high efficacy, low side effect, one pill once a day, no interferon or no ribavirin. A great profile, so that's what. Norbert, wants to say something.
Paul Carter: Well again, very, very early days on Harvoni specifically. We are not seeing anything sort of really unexpected. We knew there was a quite a lot of patients warehouse. We saw the prescription, new prescription let's say to Sovaldi reduce between quarter two and quarter three by about 20% and you can assume, those are the warehouse patients.  Other than that, I think we are assuming that there are still plenty of patients under care, there are plenty of diagnosed patients and it will take years to work through those.
Paul Carter: Well, there are three questions in there. Let me just quickly, deal with the first one, which is, we have made good progress with reimbursement in Europe. Several of those countries, notably Spain, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium we have signed agreements with, but those patients haven't really started yet, we're expecting those over the next month or two or three. France, we are still working with the pricing committee there. We are close, we believe to having an agreement and as I mentioned earlier about nice in the UK, where we have their endorsement, but we still don't have full access from NHS in England, but that we hope is close. So we can anticipate over the next month, to European sales of Sovaldi beginning to ramp up. Having said that, the European sales of Sovaldi to-date I think are pretty impressive given the limited access that we've had so far, I'll hand over to Robin, for the next part.
Paul Carter: It's far too early for us to know, what kind of patients have been treated. I think it's instructive to look further into the third quarter, where we did see very high usage of Interferon-Free, Sovaldi plus Olysio is very high premium price about $150,000. I think that will end with the arrival of Harvoni, but it will be interesting to see how long it takes to kind of to get to steady state when the usage of the eight-week regimen reflects the Epidemiology of the GG1 patients US and indeed European due course.
Paul Carter: I was going to mention the inventory, I think one of the features of the HIV inventory build slightly, this quarter was because the quarter ended on Tuesday, which is a day typically where we get our sort of three main orders in the week, whereas the previous quarter ended on day, I can't – which day it was, but it was at the lowest end. So we did have a slight build, I think specifically at the quarter four, we should anticipate neither a build nor a flattening out of inventory probably. 
Paul Carter: 8% of those patients, so I guess a best way to think about this in the way, we've been talking about is, of the patients we've looked across, who are treatment naïve and non-cirrhotic that comes to about 45% of patients, so in looking at that 80% of patients slightly more than half of those, who would come onboard, should be eligible for that eight-week of therapy based on just a map that we've seen across large data set.  We are not 100% certain, if those patients are represented. So those that were describing in this pie chart, Slide 24 are representative of the overall datasets, when we looked at large sets of patients out there. So I don't really know that we can compare with apples-to-apples but overtime, we would expect it to be about 45% of patients. We don't know if there will be buyers early on, towards longer duration in more cirrhotic patients or not, but it seems to us, that it should even overtime at 45%.
Paul Carter: Well, we started with the great data on TAF and we anticipate more data coming through in the next month. So that's a very good place for us to being, the process now of thinking through our HIV portfolio. The big bucket of patients of course is a patients that already are on the treatment and will switch. What we think historically is, that kind of, when you have conversion situation, which is really the way the way that we are thinking about this from [indiscernible] to single tablet regimens to TAF based single tablet regimens. We intend to ensure, that happens and it won't happen by itself, but that's our clear intention. 
Paul Carter: Yes and the second part is about our infrastructure build out in Japan, which we are very, very happy about. We got over 200 Gilead employees now in Japan and getting ready for launches as in when we get approved, which we hope will be in the first half of next year for both products.
John Milligan: Mark, it's John Milligan, I'll start with the waterfall question. We were taking a look at that plot and recognized that the data we have on the patients under care are at least a quarter old if not older, and so we no longer felt that we had an accurate picture of where are those patients are coming from, so we don't know exactly how many patients were under care anymore and how many of the patients that went through care would have been characterized as part of that bucket prior to this. So we felt it was misleading to put a number out there that you would then rely on for understanding how the dynamic is going. We are trying to figure out where those patients are going to come from and we will take some time of course to understand how many patients came directly into care from nowhere, which was common in this field, patients who typically had better care suddenly seeking care and how many of those patients are still on that bucket. So this very dynamic process may not lend itself to a typical waterfall that we've used in the past for HIV and we are trying to figure out a better way to convey what those numbers might look like as those patients come into care and as those patients are driven into care by increased knowledge of the product and of course many of you have seen awareness ads on TV already from various companies, which will of course help drive awareness and patients into care as well. So it’s a very dynamic process and we'll try to do the best we can, but I don't have a good handle on what that number is today. Paul, the second was about Medicaid.
John Milligan: Thanks, Michael. I'm going to turn it over to Paul Carter for the answer about the ex-US piece of this.
John Milligan: So specifically to Italy and to Egypt there is a specific amount of money that they're setting aside to try to treat the disease to my knowledge, those numbers aren't public, but if we have been, they have for the size, special public funds because of the important health need for each of those countries, yes.
John Milligan: I think, first to, John Milligan, Ian. So you have to think about the overall patient population that we're looking at right now and it will depend heavily on we were able to drive the different treatment durations, there are patients now who are considered for 24-weeks and so as we drive those patients down to lesser duration, we will have to take a look at the totality of the day, that they figure out, which patient population is appropriate for three drug combinations at which durations and at which price and so we may have to make some choices in there as to what we intend to do. So we have, the next thing, the most of the drug combinations we have, as we have flexibility across the regimen to do the best thing as that we can for the company and for the patient simultaneously.
John Milligan: Well Norbert, whether the question was it, is it commercially competitive, you know these things if somebody else has a shorter duration than you do, with all the activity, than that becomes a competitive advantage, so that's why we are continuing to innovate across our portfolio to try to drive things to the simplest, safest, shortest, duration and that's why you'll continue to see Norbert and his crew try to innovate with other three drug combinations in the future. Ying Huang – Bank of America: Thank you for that profile answer, you all.
John Milligan: Howard, I would just add we are going to make sure our sales reps are on label with this, the eight weeks is the right duration for patients, who are below 6 million international units of baseline, there is no evidence that more is better in any of these patients and that's the data that will emphasize as we go out and educate about the value of eight weeks and so I think, at the end of the day, it's very clear cut that eight weeks is a better thing for patients and over prescribing is not a good thing in this world.
John Milligan: Ravi, it's John Milligan. I just, when you look at the timeline for the AMBITION data that we put in the label. We'll file this before the end of year, but that means it won't be until the latter part of next year, that we'll be allowed talk about this with physicians. So we are anxious to be able to do so, it is clear that it has had an impact with the top KOLs, with regard to how they think about what the best thing is to do. I can't tell you to change prescribing habits, I don't know that, but I do know that it's becoming clear in their mind that this is the new standard or care and what we hope is, there will be further discussions and potentially guideline changes that were to allow, people to have access to this very important combination and the data, we are very crystal clear because we were better than either the individual treatment arms, not just placebo. So this was an important different that haven't been see in pulmonary arterial hypertension before. We think, this will be an important part of the armamentarium for doctors. I think your last part of the question is, does this do it for our franchise. Certainly, we are very interested in PAH, we are continuing through our own portfolio to see if other products, that we have, could be also be useful in the field of PAH and so. We'll see how things progressed, but there are some options for us to do things organically and that can be quite interesting.
John Milligan: [Indiscernible] in prescriptions?Brian Skorney – Robert W Baird: Yes, in terms of do you have any idea in terms of the patients, you're seeing or they primarily refractory, NHL patients or CLL patients. 
Norbert Bischofberger: Yes, Matt. Hi, it's Norbert. Matt with regards to 5816. The way, we are thinking about this, is it would be one pill, simple regimen 12 weeks for everybody, now you can make the argument in the US, it's probably genotype 2 and 3, but you know for instance, if you look at the UK, they have 30% genotype 3 and another part of the world is the most prominent genotypes are not genotype 1. So we are looking at this really as a global solution so to speak for all genotype for hepatitis C. With regards to shorter treatment durations, Matt we are still pursuing shorter treatment duration. You may remember, we have presented data actually, NIID presented data on six weeks treatment naïve non-cirrhotic 100% response rates with ledipasvir sofosbuvir 9451, can't remember the numbers. Sorry. We are now looking at, what happens in with eight weeks and six weeks in treatment experience cirrhotic. There is a presentation by [indiscernible] at AASLD that looks at eight weeks in treatment experienced cirrhotic and you can see, while the response rate are still reasonably high, almost 90% not as high as we would like them to be and we are looking four weeks right now, within treatment naïve non-cirrhotic. With regards to the [indiscernible] that has just entered Phase 2, so we are doing those ranging in or combination studies, again looking at shorter treatment duration. So I don't have any specific data to tell you about hopefully [indiscernible] we will be able to say something about, before treatment duration and the six weeks in cirrhotic patients. 
Norbert Bischofberger: Yaron, currently we don't have any plans for the filing for the first NDA filing of 5816 to include shorter than 12-week treatment duration arms, but we are as I said exploring shorter treatment duration arms with adding a third agent in, and in this particular case the pain treatment for these enabler 9857, those studies are currently ongoing. We would like, we attempt for the shorter treatment duration to be applicable to all patients, not limited to a certain non-cirrhotic treatment naïve low viral load segment, but it should work for everybody, that's what we are attempting to do.
Norbert Bischofberger: Ian, the other thing I would like to add, as far as I know nobody has yet shown any shorten of treatment duration with the exception of Gilead. The other thing, I would like to point out, the regulatory hurdle to get anything approved is very, very high. You actually want to look at the Harvoni label, how the eight-week the IM-3 study was labeled, you know we had overall 96% response rate with the treatment arm versus 98% in the 12-week treatment arm and yet, while showed up in the label was. It should be used for 12 weeks with the footnotes saying that, it can be considered for certain patients with an eight-week treatment duration. I'm just telling you, this is our regulatory authorities think about this. They do not trade two-week treatment duration, if you have to pay 2% penalty in relapse rates. 
Norbert Bischofberger: And Ying, your last question on my comment, had to do with that hurdle bar is really high for short treatment durations and as I said you know regulatory authorities do not consider price, when they think about this and they want you know with Harvoni, a drug that is so safe and well tolerated with no identifiable side effects, there is not much of a willingness to save four weeks of treatment duration, if you have to increase or decrease the response rates by a few percentages and again I will urge you to look at our IM-3 study and how it is labeled. I mean, I agree, what this by the way from a scientific point of view, of course the payors, may have a slightly different opinion on this shorter treatment duration. 
Norbert Bischofberger: So, Howard the latter question, I don't know how widespread it is, but the few folks I've talked to, they told me the same thing. These are obviously the well-known academic thought leaders, they said you know why do you want to treat for eight weeks, if there is a slight change, you might have more relapse, so just treatment 12 weeks, there is no medical or adverse event price to be paid, but those same people then said, in the next symptoms that they're probably not the ones, making this decision anyway, but it's probably the payors.
Norbert Bischofberger: Yes, so I'll quickly talk about the launch, so as you know, we filed Sovaldi for genotype 2 only, which is about the quarter of the Japanese population and that's in combination with ribavirin, we got very high response rates and we filed Harvoni up for the remainder mostly genotype 1B patients, again we are [indiscernible] high response rate. So Japan is very bifurcated, Sovaldi with ribavirin for genotype 2, Harvoni is for genotype 1B.
Robin Washington: Yaron, its Robin. I'll take the first part of your question, as we kind of outlined on the call we know Sovaldi inventory stayed overall for the quarter within the ranges, but it did go down to mention with the decline and demand that we saw in anticipation of Harvoni. This quarter, Q4 we'd expect the Harvoni inventory to ramp up and Sovaldi to continue to ramp down. I can't say exactly, how that's all going to play out. I mean, overall, when we bring on a new product, you do have a few quarters to ramp up inventory overall. So that is something we will have to see, how it plays over the rest of the quarter.
Robin Washington: I understand your question, I can't necessarily project that. we've given kind of overall guidance for the full period, as we talk about, we do expect to see somewhere housing and we'd expect to see that ramp up a bit. Are lot of uncertainties, you still got to go through the reimbursement process, there is a potential for our competitive lines etc. year around. So I can't necessarily say this early, whether it's going to go up or down, but we do feel comfortable with our guidance.
Robin Washington: Hi, Robin, just answer the first part. You know we continue to peak our consistent capital structure focus in place and that's focusing on the reinvestment of our pipeline, M&A and returning excess value and we think, right now given our current valuations, share repurchases, is a more optimal way for us to return value to shareholders.  You know, we continue to look at our future cash flows, to your point. How do we think about it going forward. This is something that, we're discussing with management and the board as to whether there are other vehicles that we might want to consider, at the most importantly, we're trying to looking at our return relative to free cash flow, going forward. So there are various vehicles that we might choose to optimize in the future, but right now share repurchase is our area of focus.
Robin Washington: Hi, Ying in regards to your second question about steady state for growth in that. As we've been saying, we've had four non-retail customers and payers come onboard, state Medicaid, MD&A as of Q2 and Q3. I'm a little hesitant to give a steady state because just as we start to get there with Sovaldi and we've now launched Harvoni. So I think it's going to take us a couple more quarters to get to the right, mix between Sovaldi and Harvoni and what that grows to that, to be particularly since we may have more patients on different periods of treatment overtime. So I'd say probably Q2 or Q3 of next year, we will have a better idea of what steady state is, as we get through the second product launch and get Harvoni, on the docket relative to reimbursement.
