Daniel O'Day: Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to share that Gilead teams have delivered another strong quarter that rounds out two years of continuous growth for our base business. Our track record of commercial execution continued in the third quarter with our base business up 5% compared to the third quarter of 2022 and up 10% year-over-year for the first nine months of 2023. In the third quarter, our growth was driven by our leading therapies across virology and oncology. Biktarvy had another very strong quarter, up 12% from the same quarter in 2022 and contributing to 9% growth overall in HIV in the first nine months of 2023. Oncology is also driving growth and was up 33% in the third quarter compared to last year. Revenue is now annualizing at more than $3 billion with growing adoption of Trodelvy, the only approved Trop-2 directed ADC and our industry leading cell therapies.
Daniel O'Day: Yes, I would just add that we continue to expand our programs and continue to want to generate additional data for Trodelvy. So we are very comfortable with where we are. I think our ability to interact with our caregivers and patients now having been on the market for quite some time, is really helping us make sure that we get Trodelvy to as many patients who could benefit from it as possible.
Daniel O'Day: Sure. Maybe I'll start with TIGIT and I'll hand it off to Cindy for the multiple myeloma discussion. Yes, I think, look, we find the data that we presented today at the ASCO plenary to really be promising for continued momentum for TIGIT. The data from an ORR standpoint, and I think importantly, the landmark PFS analysis are very promising. It's early data, it's single-arm data, and I think those are all caveats that are appropriate when looking at these. But when you think about the context around what the standard of care PFS and OS are, we think there's certainly promising signals that we could do better than that. So, obviously, what we need to do next is allow these data to mature in ARC-21. And then, of course, we have the 221 study. That is our Phase 3 study, where we will be comparing to standard of care in a randomized Phase 3 trial. We think the data shown today really will help us with momentum in accruing that trial and hopefully demonstrating the promise of TIGIT added onto standard of care, a standard of care like regimen with zim and FOLFOX. We're excited about that Phase 3 outcome, and it really gives us the opportunity to be, we think ahead on that indication compared to the competition in TIGIT. And Cindy, do you want to.
Daniel O'Day: Well, just want to thank the team here and all of you for joining and just maybe end with this reflection, which is Gilead. I don't think we could be more excited about as we wrap up 2023 and head into 2024, about the evolution of our commercial and clinical execution. In particular, 2024 will be a year that's full of key clinical catalysts across our portfolio, and that's really been a culmination over the past several years of investing in a robust and diversified portfolio, many of which were Phase 2 studies that led to Phase 3 studies that we'll be reading out over the course of not only next year, but the years to come. We'll provide more details on all of our 2024 clinical milestones early next year, but in the meantime, maybe just a couple to highlight in a busy year. Obviously on Trodelvy, where the clinical data increasingly highlight that all TROP2 ADCs are not alike. We'll be rolling out data across a variety of disease states in oncology, and we're excited to share data on lung cancer in the first half of 2024 and then maybe to highlight one other one. Lenacapavir will have a rich year of data on the treatment combination candidates, and we continue to target being first to market with our six month long acting PrEPs, starting with readouts next year on our Phase 3 trials and a commercial launch as early as late 2025. With that, as always, feel free to reach out to the IR team here at Gilead, if you have any questions or feedback for the team and we’ll look forward to updating you again early in the New Year. Thank you for joining.
Johanna Mercier: Thanks, Dan, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to share the details of another strong quarter for Gilead and would like to thank the teams that have delivered 10% growth in our base business in the first nine months of 2023. Our third quarter results represent the eight consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in our base business, illustrated strong commercial execution and revenue growth as our virology and oncology products impact more patient lives. In the third quarter of 2023, total product sales excluding Veklury were up 5% to $6.4 billion as shown on Slide 8, with notable growth in our oncology and HIV businesses partially offset our lower HCV sales. Total product sales including Veklury were $7 billion with a solid base business performance contributing $305 million of growth, offset as we expected by lower Veklury sales compared to the same quarter last year. Moving to HIV on Slide 9, the treatment market continued to grow in line with our expectations of 2% to 3% annually. And as we've discussed previously, a favorable pricing dynamics in recent quarters have begun to normalize with HIV sales growth more closely mirroring market and demand growth. This was evident in the third quarter where HIV sales were up 4% year-over-year to $4.7 billion, driven by higher treatment and prevention demand and higher channel inventory, partially offset by lower average realized price due to a shift in channel mix. Sequentially, sales were up 1%. Looking to the full year, we continue to expect HIV product sales to grow slightly more than the 5% reported in 2022. Turning to Slide 10, third quarter Biktarvy sales were $3.1 billion, up 12% year-over-year, driven by higher demand as well as higher channel inventory. Sequentially, sales were up 4%. Once again, Biktarvy gained market share up over 2% year-over-year in the U.S. to over 47% share in the third quarter. Thanks to its robust clinical profile, Biktarvy remains the number one prescribed regimen for new starts and number one in treatment switches across most major markets, including the U.S. Descovy sales in the third quarter were $511 million, up 2% year-over-year with strong year-over-year growth in demand for Descovy for PrEP offset by less favorable pricing dynamics to ensure broad access ahead of the potential launch of lenacapavir as early as late 2025. The U.S. PrEP market grew about 15% year-over-year and Descovy for PrEP continued to maintain more than 40% market share due to its strong clinical profile and despite the availability of other regimens including generics. Moving to the liver disease portfolio on Slide 11, sales were down 10% year-over-year to $706 million, primarily due to the resolution of a rebate claim in HCV recognized in the third quarter of 2022, as well as other pricing dynamics. From a demand perspective, HCV new starts increased compared to the third quarter of 2022 in both the U.S. and Europe, driven by our continued efforts to link HCV patients to care. Given the curative nature of our treatment, we expect HCV new starts to trend down overtime, but are pleased that we are maintaining 50% to 60% market shares in the U.S. and Europe and that our labor portfolio more broadly has stabilized from a revenue perspective. On to Slide 12, Veklury sales continued to be highly variable and declined 31% year-over-year in the third quarter to $636 million. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, sales were up 149%, driven by an uptick in hospitalizations during the third quarter. And over the last few weeks, we have seen a slowdown in COVID related hospitalization. Veklury's strong clinical profile continues to be recognized most recently by the FDA and the European Commission for use in patients with mild-to-severe hepatic impairment. While the COVID environment remains ever changing, Veklury's performance in the third quarter further reinforces its established role as a key part of the standard of care for patients hospitalized with COVID-19. Moving to Slide 13, our oncology business achieved another strong quarter with sales up 33% year-over-year to $769 million, representing an annual run rate that now exceeds $3 billion. With clear momentum and a solid infrastructure in place, in addition to our compelling clinical pipeline, we look forward to providing more patients with potentially new and effective options. Looking at Trodelvy on Slide 14, sales were up 58% year-over-year and 9% sequentially to $283 million. As a reminder, Trodelvy is the only approved TROP2-directed antibody drug conjugate and to date, we have delivered this therapy to more than 20,000 patients, reinforcing the clinically meaningful benefit Trodelvy can provide across multiple tumor types.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. And maybe just to add to what Merdad said, so we launched Sunlenca, lenacapavir for heavily treatment experience earlier this year. As per Merdad's comments, the label has no contraindication specific to what you were referring to, to opioids or ED drugs and the launch thus far is well underway and access is increasing every day across the U.S., but also other markets including Japan and Europe and we're excited to have an option for these patients that unfortunately have really no other option at this point in time. So very small market opportunity today with the potential for lenacapavir for PrEP as early as late 2025, so very excited as we continue our plans for that.
Johanna Mercier: Thank you very much for the question, Diana. I think some of the specific barriers that we're observing are more in the U.S. So I might first talk about what we're observing in Europe where we have socialized medicine. We're seeing uptake as soon as we are granted access and reimbursement. And it goes very quickly into the system, because it's a non-fragmented healthcare system. In the U.S., things look a little bit different given the fragmentation of the healthcare system. So the barriers that we're observing in the U.S. are really our ability to treat patients where they are so moving into community oncology. Today, 80% of oncology patients are seen in the community. Most of our authorized treatment centers exist in large academic hospitals. And so what we're doing for the future, and what we think is going to be very important, is that we're able to have authorized treatment centers in the community closer to patients. So that's one important piece. And we continue to open up new treatment centers in the United States. And in fact, this year we should end with somewhere around 140 treatment centers in the U.S., and that will continue to grow in 2024. I think the second piece for barriers is converting stem cell transplants. So physicians who are transplanting patients, they will have a better outcome via the data if they have CAR-T. And so we're working with transplanters on education and really making sure those patients have access to CAR-T in the earlier lines. I think those are two of the larger barriers that we're observing today. And the last piece, I would say, is the excitement with multiple myeloma therapies coming forward. You can imagine the ATCs now we're seeing both lymphoma patients as well as multiple myeloma patients, and that's causing a crunch within those authorized treatment centers. And that's why it's important in the academic medical centers that we're able to expand the number of beds, and secondly, open new authorized treatment centers that can serve both lymphoma and multiple myeloma.
Johanna Mercier: Sure, Chris, thanks for the question. So you're right, as expected. We've seen some of those favorable pricing dynamics that we'd seen in the last couple of quarters, including in 2022, due to the channel mix, kind of begin to normalize, and you should expect to see kind of the same play from Q3 into Q4. One of the reasons for that had to do with some of the channel – specifically around the channel mix to what you referenced, having to do with some of our government channels being less utilized, where we have higher rebates, and therefore we had pricing [favorability] (ph). We believe a lot of that had to do just stabilization post-COVID around employment rates, inflation, et cetera. So we had benefits that we saw over that probably, I would say four quarters to six quarters or so. And as we kind of shared with you in Q2, we are seeing that normalize out for the second half of this year. And I think you should expect that not only for the next quarter, but then as we go into 2024. And therefore, because of all that, we believe that our HIV sales growth is closely mirroring now more of the market and the demand growth, where we're seeing real strength, both from a market standpoint in treatment and prevention, we're seeing about two points to three points growth in the market when you look at retail and non-retail market, and then, of course, 15% growth in the PrEP market. And then from a demand standpoint, I think obviously with BIKTARVY growing at 12 points year-on-year and DESCOVY continuing to hold on to a very strong share over 40% or so in a competitive market with generics and, of course, new formulations. So more to come as we go into Q4, but hopefully that gives you a better picture of some of the mix of channels.
Johanna Mercier: Yes, good question, Adam. So I'm assuming you're referring to some of the data we saw at ESMO with data DXD. We don't believe there is material impact for now anyway, or even in the future for Trodelvy. And the reason for that really has to do with the data itself and the lines of therapy, to your point, I think we've proven very clearly with Trodelvy in second-line TNBC and beyond around the overall survival data that we've shown. And then, of course, showing OS again in HR+/HER2-, although in later lines. I think what we're seeing today in the marketplace is not only are we the leaders in TNBC, we're also leading from an IHC 0 population. And then, of course, looking at sequencing of ADCs posts in HER2, as expected in the HR+/HER2- populations, so quite pleased with our positioning and we don't believe the data that we've seen thus far is going to have a direct impact there.
Johanna Mercier: Hey there's a number of things that we have learned over the course of the years with Yescarta and around manufacturing, all of which we're applying that knowledge to the manufacturing of the ddBCMA CAR-T. So we plan to launch that out of our facilities at Kite and expect to have a strong launch again. We will be applying Yescarta learnings. So our goal is to be significantly better than we were at the launch of Yescarta.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. Thanks for the question, Brian. I think the way we're looking at lenacapavir, bictegravir in the virologically suppressed really has to do with. We've set the standard of care with Biktarvy, and the opportunity now is to ensure that if for some reason there was a reason to switch Biktarvy from a tolerability profile or anything else that they have an option to go to that has a really interesting combination. Right. When you think about a capsid inhibitor as well as an integrase inhibitor. So for us, it's really about the optionality for patients and making sure that this could offer something a little bit different in the daily oral market. And I do think that this will also be a longer term strategy for us as we think about beyond Biktarvy's LOE in 2033. So I would go there and on the weekly just to start, and then I'll kick it over to Merdad to share with you our plans there. On the weekly oral, it's clear from the patient research that we've done in treatment that we really do see benefit not only the daily oral market, but also in the oral weekly, or even potentially even a little bit longer, as we think about what patients are asking for today. So as much as we're very interested in the long actings that are every three months or every six months. We are also making sure that we meet the needs of patients and their requests as they're looking at for some really don't like any injectables or sub Q, and really looking at that weekly oral as potentially expending a little bit the time they don't think about the fact that they have HIV.
Merdad Parsey: Thank you, Johanna. The clinical highlight of our third quarter was the release of our promising Phase 2 data for Trodelvy in combination with pembrolizumab in first line metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, highlighting Trodelvy's potential to bring a much needed treatment alternative for patients. More broadly, we continue to progress our increasingly diverse pipeline of 60 ongoing clinical programs spanning virology, oncology and inflammation. Starting with our virology programs on Slide 17, we have 10 clinical programs with our long-acting capsid inhibitor lenacapavir including two Phase 3 studies underway in PrEP. I'm pleased to share that we have completed enrollment earlier than anticipated for our Phase 3 PURPOSE-1 trial evaluating lenacapavir for prevention in adolescent girls and young women. Our Phase 3 PURPOSE-2 trial insists [ph] men and trans women and men and non-binary people continues to enroll well and we could have an opportunity to share data from one or both PURPOSE trials in late 2024 ahead of schedule. We are targeting our first approval for lenacapavir in production in late 2025, potentially making lenacapavir the first six-monthly dosing regimen available for PrEP. Turning to treatment, we continue to make strong progress on evaluating nine candidate partners for lenacapavir. Of the remaining candidates, six are already in Phase 1 or 2. We expect to share updates on at least four of these in 2024, including data from our Phase 1 trial of GS-1720, our once weekly long-acting oral integration inhibitor to be combined with lenacapavir and from our Phase 2 ARTISTRY-1 trial evaluating once daily oral combination of lenacapavir and bictegravir for virologically suppressed treatment experienced people living with HIV. We plan to share results from both trials at a conference in early 2024 and we look forward to advancing these programs into the next phase of development. We're also pleased to share that enrollment for our Phase 2 program evaluating our lenacapavir plus bNAbs combination dosed every six months is progressing very well and is another program we expect to update you on next year. Putting this all together, our data continues to support our confidence that lenacapavir has the potential to transform HIV treatment and prevention globally. Turning to oncology on Slide 18. To date, Trodelvy has been delivered to more than 20,000 patients across three approved indications since our launch three years ago. Trodelvy remains the first and only marketed TROP2-directed antibody drug conjugate to achieve meaningful overall survival benefit in two of its indications. With that said, we're seeing both growing real world evidence and clinical trial data supporting not only the approach we're taking for Trodelvy's clinical development across tumor types, but also Trodelvy's unique ADC construct. In particular, trodelvy is the only ADC to have a high 7 to 8 drug to antibody ratio that's able to deliver a highly potent SN-38 payload directly into the tumor microenvironment through its hydrolyzable linker. As a result, in our studies to date, Trodelvy has shown a potentially differentiated safety profile with regards to ILD and stomatitis. We look forward to sharing more emerging Trodelvy data in 2024 as we continue to expand Trodelvy across tumor types and lines of therapy.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Hey, Geoff, this is Merdad. Thanks for the question. I would say that our DDI profile has been pretty well characterized and is in our label and laid out. As you noted lenacapavir is metabolized by CYP3A and like many other drugs in the class and we -- that's been available and labeled for quite some time. We don't anticipate any changes to our programs based on that. There are no adaptations that we are making in our clinical development program based on that. As you know, we're well on our way in our PURPOSE 1/2 lenacapavir for PrEP studies and have the approval and highly treatment experienced people and have not made any modifications based on any DDI concerns in those trials. And I'd encourage folks to take a look at the label. You can see what's laid out fairly clearly there.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Michael, for the question. Yes, look, we had a really interesting ESMO, I think, for all concerned, and I think something that we've been saying for quite some time, is that not all Trop-2 ADCs are equivalent. Right? It's really important to note that there are differences between Trodelvy and the other Trop-2 ADCs in all three components. The affinity of the antibody is two orders of magnitude better. We have a different linker and we have a different payload. That has played out in many ways along the safety spectrum, where we have different adverse event profiles of the two drugs that have clearly emerged. And it's possible now that we're starting to see divergence on the efficacy side as well. Recall that we have shared our EVOKE-02 data, which comprise both squam and non-squamous patients. We have enrolled both squamous and non-squamous patients in our trials, and as one would expect, we do stratify those patients in the studies and we’ll continue to do so. But we're very confident in our approach and with what we've seen so far, and really look forward to being able to share more data from EVOKE-01 next year.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, just minor things to add, I would say. We have been focusing our development on what people living with HIV and people who are looking for PrEP options have told us that they're interested in, and that's longer acting oral options and injectable options that are every three months, every six months. And that's what we've been focusing our development program on. And we want to make sure that we provide that optionality to different folks. The other thing about the [indiscernible] to Remember is remember that Lena is a new class of antiretroviral, and that provides caregivers the option to leverage that new class for the appropriate people living with HIV. So our goal as the leader in HIV is to continue to provide as many of the relevant options to people living with HIV and people looking for prevention options as we think are going to be reasonable and valuable. And remember that we think the weekly oral is important enough that we have two programs. So you mentioned 1720. Remember, we also have the program with his islatravir, lenacapavir. So we're very happy with the progress we've made, as you noted, and really on track to provide better options.
Merdad Parsey: I would just add that our goal has been to diversify the portfolio. We remain committed and think one of our key competitive advantages is our track record and strength in virology. And I would agree with you, Evan, that's critical to our continued success and growth. And we also believe that having more diversity in our portfolio, whether its oncology or inflammation, is going to be really important to our long term future. So our capital allocation will happen on where the best data are, and we make those tradeoffs virtually every day.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, I think it's great news for patients with the data that's come out and we think it does change the paradigm for bladder cancer. I think the other thing I would add to what Johanna said is that we were looking with interest. We don't have data on sequencing, but we're certainly hearing about sequencing and there were data that were shown at ESMO around combining Padcev and Trodelvy where the tolerability profile looked good and the responses looked good. Small study, but we think there continues to be opportunity there for us and having this clarity will help us design where we're going to go from here after our confirmatory trial in second line completes.
