Norbert W. Bischofberger: Geoff, I'll answer these 2 questions. So what would a phase -- what are we waiting for? We are not necessarily waiting for any particular data set, but we will have discussions very soon with regulatory authorities to make proposals to them. And at this point, we really don't know what regulatory authorities think. We need their feedback and input. But the 2 upcoming data sets that are both very interesting that will determine or could determine both the design and the duration of a Phase III study is number one, the 24-week data in QUANTUM with GS-7977 and ribavirin; and secondly, the 12-week data from the Bristol-Myers study with 7977 and daclatasvir. So both of those things really address one, if you extend the duration of the 7977 ribavirin, can you get higher response rate? Or secondly, if you shorten the Bristol-Myers daclatasvir, 7977, can you maintain the high response rate. Those are the 2 questions that are being answered. Then regarding Phase II, we are really thinking about something short, because we feel there are no concerns -- we don't have any outstanding concerns about safety of any of our products, 5885 or 7977, so we feel comfortable moving into a large Phase III study. And with regards to efficacy, all those questions really have been, for the most part, answered with the exception of the 2 that I mentioned before. And let me just say one last thing because it may come up. We also feel very comfortable extrapolating from daclatasvir to 5885 because these 2 compounds, by all criteria, are very similar at least in genotype 1.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No. It would be -- absolutely, we would favor multiple because as you know, there is the issue of treatment duration. There's the issue of complexity. For instance, ATOMIC design, that's still on the table. That's actually a huge step forward from, if you think about where we are today in terms of standard-of-care to be able to shorten that to something, 12-week no response guided therapy with the well-tolerated 7977 added to peg/riba. That's certainly an option as well.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Mark, the first question is very simple. It's designed as a noninferiority study with a delta of 15%. But I would like to tell you that FDA has communicated to Pharmasset previously, so none of us were at those meetings, that even if they miss noninferiority, it would still be approvable because it's a huge advantage and a huge step forward to treat somebody for 3 months with the 2 oral drugs rather than 6 months with peg-interferon. But the answer is it's noninferiority with a delta of 15%.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So Rachel you have a very good point and the answer to that is very simple. We're doing both. We actually have a drug interaction study that is about to complete with 9669 and 7977. Once we get the data from that study, we will initiate a Phase II study in treatment-naïve patients genotype 1 to test that hypothesis. But Rachel, so the second point I would like to make, this is a small pilot experiment with 10 patients. So it's really not a big study, but it's an experiment. The third comment is we debated this internally. If you look at 7977 ribavirin in genotype 1 nonresponders, it gives you high relapse rates. But we felt we wanted to change only 1 variable and not 2. If you do a 2-variable experiment, both extend the treatment duration and add another drug, then in the end, you don't know. So we made the decision to add one more drug and see whether the results will be different. And lastly, let me also tell you from the large amount of data that we're getting, I think it's clear now, at least with 7977, which has a very high barrier to resistance, you can have a longer treatment duration and good responses or a shorter treatment duration, but then you have to add other drugs. So we think 12 weeks of 7977 with NS5A, with the 5885 and ribavirin, I am convinced we'll give you good treatment responses, but again we will find out once we get the data.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: That's right. Rachel, we -- as I said, we feel very comfortable scientifically to extrapolating from daclatasvir to 5885, at least in genotype 1 patients, not in 2 and 3 but in 1s. And we think there is no reason to believe that we wouldn't get the same results with 5885 as Bristol-Myers has achieved with daclatasvir.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. Matt, no. So I do not -- we don't have any indication what the FDA is thinking about that. So I'm, of course, speculating. But if we did this, it wouldn't be jumping with both feet into a large Phase III study but rather something like you enroll a cohort, you do a certain interim analysis after a certain time point and we still have to figure out how that -- what that time point is, convince yourself that the data looks good, and then you involve the rest of the cohort. So it would be like a Phase II, III approach, and that's something, which we'd have to think through carefully and propose to the FDA.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So the answer to the second question, I said before we really have to have a debate with the FDA, and we haven't done that yet. I do not think -- I do not know what they think about it. And as I said, we wouldn't -- certainly the proposal would not be jumping to a 500-patient Phase III study with both feet but rather do something like a cohort first, and then you do an interim analysis and then you enroll the rest of the patients. So it would be something like more a Phase II/III study. And regarding your second question, the difference between QUANTUM and ELECTRON, the short answer is I don't know. But the 2 comments I would like to make, there was a difference in baseline CC genotype between the 2 study. As you may have seen in ELECTRON, there were 44% of the patients were CCs. And in QUANTUM, if I remember correctly, 16%. So the QUANTUM kind of underrepresented statistically what you would expect in the general population and ELECTRON overrepresented. That may be one reason why the ELECTRON patient population responded better. The other thing is, keep in mind these are still small numbers. It was 17 in QUANTUM and 25 in ELECTRON -- or the other way, yes. And the other thing, please, the CC genotype, I think, it was clear at EASL, there were 2 presentations, one by BI and one by BMS, where it was clear that CC IL28 genotype does matter even with all oral antiviral. So it's entirely possible that, that explains the discrepancy between these 2 ELECTRON and PROTON results.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: That's true. You can then argue, if you have a high enough potent regimen, you don't -- influence of IL28 baseline genotype disappears. And again we will find that out along the way, if we add either 5885 or 9669 to 7977. Then if that influence -- IL28 disappears, then you're right.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. Sapna, I will take the first question. So the efficacy side on the NS5A, we look at both modeling, so you look at in vitro antiviral potency against genotypes and within genotype and polymorphs, and our compound is very, very similar to daclatasvir in genotype 1. Then you can do the -- at the reduced dose, the 60 milligram daclatasvir versus the 90 milligram of 5885, you do the protein-adjusted IC50 or the IQ, and those IQs are very similar. And lastly, you look at the existing data that we have from 5885 both on monotherapy, and when you add it to peg-interferon ribavirin, you look at the steepness of the viral load decline, and it's again very similar. So we feel very comfortable that 5885, from an efficacy point of view, will mirror daclatasvir. It will be a good compound.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes. Thomas, that was the 1 polymorph that showed actually the biggest difference, and all I can say that polymorph is extremely rare and has not been described in the literature as reoccurring. It's one that we generated ourselves in the lab to just see how far can we push the system. So whether that polymorph is at -- in any way exists or is relevant clinically is an open question. The other thing you also should keep in mind that even with that shift at the 90 milligram dose, we're still way above a multiple of the IQ. So if you at least believe what we learned from HIV, this would add -- even against that polymorph would be very inhibitory compound at the 90 milligram dose.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Michael, the answer to the second question, that's an effort that's ongoing, and we have prototype pills internally. Of course they have to go through the usual stability, analytical method and then PK evaluation at least in humans. But that seems to be fairly straightforward. These compounds, from a physicochemical point of view, are both well behaved. So the reason why we're doing the null responders is simply -- so it's not that we're only doing the null responders, we're thinking about treatment-naïve patients more in a Phase II, III sense. We are more certain that the combination data works because of the experience with the Bristol-Myers data, and what we don't know and why we waited, we would like to find out in the genotype, in the null responders. Remember, in the 12-week study, 7977 plus ribavirin null responders, we had 9 out of 10 rebounders but there were no breakthroughs. So virologically, this is a very, very potent regimen, but maybe we just didn't have enough pressure on the system to cure a significant number of patients in 12 weeks. So that's why we decided to add another drug -- repeat the same experiment that we have done before, just adding another drug. So it's a one-variable experiment that would give us some information at the end. That was the decision.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Phil, I think I said last time that the one issue that we always felt was something that warrants discussion has to do with that cobicistat increases creatinines, and it generates some question to the practicing physician when is the creatinine elevation just simply a laboratory thing that's caused by cobicistat, and when is it something that you have to take serious as an issue of nephrotoxicity.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yes, that's what I think the discussion would be about, what should the physician do in terms of -- normally you use serum creatinine for measure of kidney function. Now that we have cobicistat, that increases creatinine, how do you interpret serum creatinine levels? That's what -- I think -- well I don't know what it's going to be but that's what I guess is going to be the nature of the discussion. And the potential outcome could be a labeling or monitoring recommendations or something like that.
John F. Milligan: Mark, it's John Milligan. I'm going to take the second part of that question. As Norbert mentioned, there are data sets that we're waiting for and that there's lots of options for us to move forward in multiple directions. But with regard to how or where or when we might work with Bristol-Myers, we're just not going to be able to comment on that strategy. I think it's very -- as we've learned in the past, it's very difficult to negotiate these things in public. And so I'm basically going to be held to no comment for today on this subject.
John F. Milligan: I'll take that one, Norbert. The question was about Incivek sales going down and what does that say about the market. I think it says more about the profile of the protease inhibitor containing regimens of peg/riba where it's very clear that while the overall response rate has gone up, the overall complexity of the regimen and the side effect profile was much more severe especially in severely ill patients than people had previously thought. And there was numerous data sets at EASL that outlined the cost and complexity of keeping people on these protease inhibitor-containing regimens, including the need for transfusions and the very poor side effect profile in certain patients. And so what it suggests to us is that now the patients -- doctors and patients know that easier regimens are on the horizon, and they're going to continue to warehouse those patients until those first regimens are on the market. And they also know that they're coming very soon, so that's exciting for them as well.
John F. Milligan: Well, Phil, obviously those documents are not public and won't be released to the public until a couple of days ahead of time. So we just can't comment on those.
Kevin B. Young: Sapna, this is Kevin. Just let me quickly talk about ADAP funding. So it was a big quarter for the end of the 2011 financial year for ADAP. That was particularly Florida and Illinois, less so places like Texas and Puerto Rico. The main products that they have purchased in is Atripla and Truvada because, of course, they are the workhorses of their budgets. Difficult to estimate what that will do to quarter 2. We're very pleased that the 2012 budgets have gone out already. You can find those on the HRSA websites. So basically everything bar the $35 million that was announced by President Obama on World AIDS Day have gone out, so that's a great reassurance. Remember last year, they didn't know the actual numbers until September, so that did lead to the big fourth quarter and quarter 1 of this year. So I think that provides a lot of stability. Clearly, Complera is starting to pick up, which is great for us, and I think experience has been very good in the field with Complera. So it was one of the biggest that we have seen in absolute terms, not in percentage terms but in absolute terms, and I think we'll just have to see how that plays out for Q2, Q3.
Kevin B. Young: Robyn, it's Kevin. Yes, I think I'd agree with you. For the past sort of quarter, it has been flat, but I actually took that in a very positive sense. Europe is not easy, particularly Southern Europe, and I think we continue to do very well. If you look at quarter-on-quarter, there was about a 2% growth in demand. We got a positive 1% in FX and about a minus 1% in price. So it wasn't about quarter. We're starting to roll out Eviplera now to the big markets. The U.K. and Germany have got the product. And the initial response, I think, has been pretty positive. So I think on the back of Eviplera, we hope that we're going to have another burst and another push around single-tablet regimens. I should also add, Robin, guidelines continue to start to highlight single-tablet regimens and fixed-dose combinations. In our slide on guidelines that's in the earnings deck, you may have noticed the new draft BHIVA guidelines. I'll point out 2 things on those guidelines. Number one, the preferred regimens are all Truvada, so the alternative regimen is now abacavir, so it's been downgraded. There's a call out there highlighting the preference for fixed-dose combinations, avoiding selectivity of the individual agents. So again, the preference and the benefit of single tablets is coming through more and more. So I think you can call it a solid quarter in Europe, and we're certainly looking forward to Eviplera being a driver of growth in the second half of the year.
Kevin B. Young: Well, again, I wouldn't look too much into sort of 1% here, 1% there, Robyn. I'm literally looking at my market share slide for the big 5 markets, and it hasn't gone down, but it's basically flat when you look at total Truvada split up by Atripla and Truvada itself. So again, extrapolating from some of the numbers is quite hard sometimes. Please bear in mind that the European databases are just not quite as good as the U.S.
Kevin B. Young: It's Kevin here. Yes. So in terms of the breakout, yes, I've got that data for you. So 35% of the Complera patients are coming from naïve, so basically new patients. And by the way, that's our label today in the U.S. that we stay on with our field force. 40% are switches from products other than Atripla, and that's largely the protease inhibitor combinations and 25% are switches from Atripla itself. Just to paint a little bit of color for you in terms of patients, the vast majority of patients, more than 90% of the patients are going on Complera, are those patients below 100,000 copies, again, as per our label. And there's actually quite a large percentage as we expected with our female patients, approximately 30% of the starts on Complera are female. That compares with only 13% as a comparative for Atripla. So a high, high proportion relative to Atripla for the female patient because of the better pregnancy category. In terms of Quad, just like Complera, we will have -- we expect to have a naïve label that won't be switching there. So the studies that were highlighted today are very important to us. We'd like to get that data into the label. Switching patients is still an important bucket, as you can see from Complera. So yes, we would want that data but we'll only initially be able to go out seeking the naïve patients. But I do want to emphasize that the nice thing about Quad, and it will be our first detail with our expanded field force, is that we've got that larger slice of the naïve pie because we've got the data 102 versus Atripla and 103 versus the boosted proteases. So as I've said in the past, we have the opportunity to address the 9 out of 10 patients that are beginning in the naïve setting. So it gives us a much, much broader expanded horizon than we've got today with Complera.
Kevin B. Young: Brian, it's Kevin. I'll kick off. I think it's a very big deal to be a first mover, particularly with 7977. I think the results that we saw in Barcelona, and everybody around this table were there in Barcelona, says that we have a very, very potent agent. So a good drug, being first is to me a double whammy, and so we look forward to hopefully that opportunity. We have a lot of expertise and extremely good relationships in this setting. We have field forces here in the U.S. and in Europe who visit the liver disease specialists. We'll have to expand those activities, and we'll have to balance our HPV responsibility versus HCV, but we really do have very, very good relationships. And that overlap is even bigger in Europe. So we are already starting to do the work on field force sizing. I can certainly reassure you that we'll have a incredibly committed presence in hepatitis C. And, of course, as the other dimension for Gilead is, are there additional opportunities with the infectious disease doctor? So we're planning to be ready along Norbert's timelines for the genotype 2 and 3, and then hopefully not too further down the road, we can get the genotype 1. So yes, first-move advantage is important, and we look forward to that opportunity.
Kevin B. Young: Well, I think the 2 and 3 will give us a very, very nice entry. I'm hoping that Norbert and the team here will get us into 1 very, very quickly, and ultimately with our own pan-genotypic regimen. So time will tell. I think it's very difficult to make predictions on that sort of race, if you like, between Bristol-Myers and Gilead. We think we've got the best backbone here, and we think we've got alternative approaches, as you've heard from Norbert. So I think we're going to be highly competitive in that race to pan-genotypic.
