Kevin Young: Brian, it's Kevin. Brian, maybe I should just frame a little bit more in terms of Q1 and put a bit more color around my script just to sort of bridge into your question. So we saw what you saw in terms of very healthy underlying prescriptions. We've also seen the increase in the wait list. What was a surprise for us in the second half of the first quarter was that both Florida and Texas didn't place orders through their normal large wholesaler supplies that they have done in previous Q1s. So basically, for different reasons, they essentially shook down their ordering. Now when we take the bigger picture question that you pose, we were actually pretty pleased to see the new federal funding. It took some time, of course, in keeping with the overall settlement of the U.S. budget. I think some people were really quite worried that ADAP would only get the core funding of $835 million. I think to come out with the extra $50 million was actually a very positive result. Obviously, a key component of our business is ADAP. It now makes up 23% of our business in the fourth quarter. We think it's the right thing for patients to support the programs. We did put in the supplementary discounts. They are now set until 2013, so we think we've done everything in terms of our discounts and in terms of our PAP to support the programs. It's important also to say that whilst clearly, Florida have had a real challenge around their program particularly because of the difficulties with their state budgets, there are several of the large ADAP programs that don't have waiting lists: California, New York, New Jersey, Illinois. So they are managing their programs well, and they're integral to the support of HIV. And the final thing I would say is, of course, with increasing testing, with increasing earlier treatment, which are all good things from the point of view of HIV care, comes more stress on federal and state payers. So we've always discussed that the need to treat patients does increase the political demand to support the area. So one doesn't come without the other.
Kevin Young: Yes, good questions both, Matt. Again, I just want to set up my answers by just reiterating that ADAPs order through our wholesalers: 1 of Florida and 1 of Texas order through one of the large wholesalers in our inventory management agreement wholesalers and 1 order through one of the smaller wholesalers. And we do think that when ADAP is affected, of course, that has an influence on these wholesalers from the point of view of their inventory levels. Specifically, on your 2 questions, if you look at the phasing, there is a changing pattern. If you go back 4 years to the relative splits of our ADAP purchases, so you go back to the fiscal year 2007, Q1 made up 32% of the purchases. That then moved for 2008 to 29%. It moved to 27% for the previous fiscal year, and then for 2010 fiscal year, it was 25%. Now there's a number of reasons for that. If you remember, 4 years ago, the budgets were given out fairly late, and so people were trying to catch up with using all of that budget. We've had a situation where budgets have been given out earlier, but of course, they've had their challenges around just the total funding. So it's basically gone from a 32% phasing of a quarter, down now to 25%. In terms of the allocation, HRSA have given out -- and they actually based it on the previous call budget of $835 million -- they gave out approximately 1/2 of that on April the 1st. So just to make sure that ADAPs would not run out of their federal funds. But now in terms of parsing out the full $885 million, we think that's going to be the next month or so. We think it will be done all at once because it is late anyway, so why have extra supplementals. So we think when they finally get their individual state allocations, it will all be based off the full $885 million. Thereafter, whether any emergency funds, any top off funds come later in the year, just remain to be seen, Matt.
Kevin Young: Right. So again, we always say this and I apologize if it sounds a little bit like a stuck record. Synovate has it's ebbs and flows. We don't go crazy on a great quarter. We don't go desperate on a poor quarter. The number of patients treated on antiretrovirals was quite a large increase, and that's now gone up to 619,000, but it was a little bit lower in terms of growth for Gilead products. I just think that's the swings and roundabouts of ADAP. Obviously, it was the fourth quarter, so it's 1 quarter in arrears. The starts CD4 counts for that fourth quarter were a little bit lower, but as you can see from the annualized numbers, there's still a nice improvement. And then finally, Geoff, the ultimate acid test is always prescriptions, and we look Wolters Kluwer Health. I think you normally look at IMS. But it was a pretty good quarter, and we were pleased with that. So you always go back to does the underlying prescribing look healthy, and it certainly did for the first quarter.
Kevin Young: So yes, what I referred to is a very committed educational program through our medical affairs team. So we've done a lot of speaker programs. We've done a lot of explaining and updating to our key opinion leaders and to, broadly, to the PAH audience. We had a great response. That's largely being based upon, of course, the label explaining why the change came from the FDA, built on the analysis that we submitted and explaining now what this means to the day-to-day management of the PAH patients. And it's very logical. It's very kind of straightforward around everything that has changed for the label. Now I think, typically, the type of LFT elevations can be up to about 15%, so we have been told by opinion leaders for bosentan. Right now, we get about 30% of our starts for Letairis from bosentan switches. The sense that we're getting from the point of view of the reaction and the increase in enrollments that we've seen over the past 5 weeks since the label changes, it's coming across-the-board. It's coming from new patients, it's coming from bosentan switches and it's also coming from the patients who require the addition of an ERA when they're on some other form of therapy. So it's a combination therapy. So it seems to be a nice across-the-board patient spectrum as well as across-the-board from the point of the geographic response that we've had from the PAH centers.
Kevin Young: Yes, and Mark, just let me add something. Nothing has changed with our IMAs. Typical IMA agreements for the industry are a range of 5 to 7 days. Whilst I won't share with you the specifics for Gilead, I can certainly tell you that our ranges are lower than 5 to 7 days. So I believe that we have in place some industry-leading IMA agreements. They don't include any provision for buy-in, so these organizations cannot buy-in. So nothing has changed. They haven't gone outside their bandings. They haven't lowered their total inventory. So nothing has changed since we introduced some new IMAs about 12 months ago, and they're going to run through until 2012. In terms again of the ADAPs, it's very difficult to actually quantify that because of their kind of inventory if they're a central purchasing. We never quite know about it. We don't have any type of IMA equivalent with them. They are state entities. We never know quite what their inventory holdings are. Suffice it to say, clearly, Florida is #3 and Texas is #4, are pretty big entities.
Kevin Young: Yes, I'll take the first part of it, Geoff. It was a very steady quarter for Europe. And actually, whilst that doesn't sound great, actually, I think that was good because you know very well about all of the heavy waves that everybody has faced in Europe. In terms of actual pure kind of dollar to dollar, it looked fairly flat. Actually, underlying demand growth was just a little bit better than that, and that's because we had a strong fourth quarter for 2010. That's very typical of Europe. They tend to buy-in at the end of the year to see them through the Christmas and New Year periods. So there was a little uptake -- uptick -- in the fourth quarter as is the standard for the pharmaceutical industry. There was also an additional buy-in in the U.K. where you might know that the U.K. increased their sales tax, so called VAT, value-added tax, and that applied to pharmaceuticals. So some of their hospitals that had budgets in fourth quarter did buy ahead of Q1. So it was a positive quarter for us in terms of underlying demand, and I think really quite nice. In terms of pricing, there were no flash dramatic headlines in terms of government interventions. Of course, behind that, we still have some day-to-day pricing trends where countries reference and countries negotiate with us. But what we said in terms of the austerity type of reductions are in the range of 2% to 3% for 2011, still at this point in time, looks to have held well. In terms of the U.S., obviously, we have locked our prices around ADAP. I think in terms of prices across-the-board, it depends on your splits. We've included those splits in our slides. You'll see just a small change of ADAP going from 22% to 23%, so that's a small change. But we just have to watch and wait to see if there are any kind of future mix changes. And the other part of this is that we did take the 7.9% increase on April 1 for Truvada, which runs through to Atripla. So the comment from John around that guidance is that we believe we've made the right provisions within our guidance on our mix, but it's something that we continue to watch carefully.
Kevin Young: That's probably a better frame. Well, actually, on that point in a serious way, of course, there is going to be an event later this year in the U.S., of course, which will be the launch of, we hope, Truvada 278. We won't control the pricing of TMC278, but of course, that's a new price for us with a new product. That will apply in Europe probably just at the back end of the year with Germany, we think, and the U.K. Coming back to primarily Atripla and Truvada in Europe, we haven't seen any other kind of seismic type of interventions. We've got the full year effect of Spain from June and Germany from August. The one that we do continue to watch is Portugal. You see that in the economic headlines, and they have their own budget issues. And that's the one that we continue to watch very carefully. I must say that our value story around Atripla, being significantly cheaper than particularly the protease inhibitors, continues to resonate. So I think we've got to face up to some of the pressures that the whole industry is seeing. But when you look at our single-tablet regimen, actually, that's a very good argument for us. So there are some positives there.
Kevin Young: No. Of course, any country, Yaron, can jump in at any point as a public payer. But our expectation was that, that was essentially a one-off. It might -- it could happen in any country in the future. But the way it was set up and the way it was agreed with the industry that, that was not to become an annual decrease. It was basically an intervention that took place in the middle of last year. Another example of that, another sort of parallel is the U.K. where they have something called PPRS. It's a negotiation with the industry. Now that is an agreement that typically runs for anywhere between 3 and 5 years. So a government comes in, they are looking for some form of change, it's negotiated and typically, it stays in place for a number of years.
Kevin Young: Yes, thank you, Michael. It's difficult to know exactly how the wholesalers are going to react in terms of what amount of product that they will kind of replace within their operating band. Again, we have IMAs in place, contractual IMAs with the big 3 wholesalers. That's about 90% of our antiviral business, but we don't have IMAs in place with the smaller wholesalers. And so they can change their inventory levels according to their particular operating as well as financial requirements. It's also important to say that one of the Florida go through one of the majors, one of Florida-Texas go through one of the small wholesalers. So if they're seeing smaller -- if the wholesalers are seeing lower uptake, then I think it does, obviously, alter their perspectives on their holding inventories. Strictly when it comes to Florida and Texas, obviously, we get a little bit of a delayed news on the purchasing because this is all based on charge-backs through the wholesalers. It's all done through those financial checks and balances. We do know for sure that Florida have placed an order. We haven't heard that that's the case yet with Texas. I do think this is not going to be a complete bolus overnight ordering by these central purchase states. I think it's going to take a little while. And whilst they are feeling a lot better about the federal funds from a totality point of view, they obviously want to know what their allocation is. And then they do their numbers on the federal allocation together with their expectation of state allocation, because it's always a mix. So I think we'll start to see their confidence come back as we move through the quarter.
Kevin Young: There are penalties, which I can't disclose. But there are penalties for falling below or going outside the banding.
Kevin Young: Sapna, it's Kevin here. It's just a matter of seeing how these things play out. I hope you've seen that we've updated you in our slide for fourth quarter on the splits of the various parts of our public and our private. There was not a lot of change Q4 over Q3. That was just a 1% increase in ADAP. That actually came out of the Medicaid section. There wasn't a change in the private plus the Medicare Part D portion. So there wasn't a lot of variability, but where you have changes in state economies, we just want to watch this from the point of view of these splits going forward. So I think it's prudent for us to point out that whilst we try to forecast these things and place these into our guidance, it's something that is always somewhat of a -- has some movement.
Kevin Young: Thomas, it's Kevin. Thanks for the question. Honestly, Thomas, it's a real smorgasbord of different contributions across the states. Interestingly, some like Florida has a relatively small state contribution when you look at something like New York, and they're kind of, we believe, about 50-50. So it does -- there's quite a spread of contributions from federal and contributions from state. The other aspect of this is some of the states have different financial years. So the timings of which they get to know their own state numbers, again, varies from state-to-state. So for them to actually predict when ultimately they get that kind of total-total, it's quite difficult for them. And I think that's actually a good backdrop to what happened in Texas. Our understanding in Texas is that they have got states dollars remaining. They held back on their purchase and done some inventory in the first quarter because they just wanted to see what the federal was going to play out like. And I guess once they get their federal, they'll be looking to see ultimately what will be coming in the next financial year for the state. So there's always a yin-yang here and all of these timings, I think, are unique to each state.
Robin Washington: Sure, Tom. So related to the Tibotec, remember that was, overall, $100 million collaboration over the past three years. So in 2011, the last tranche of about approximately EUR 23 million to EUR 25 million is euro-based, and I think we booked about $23 million this quarter related to that. And so that was one of the key drivers overall for R&D expense on a sequential basis that drove it up, right. The other thing that you have to remember too is one of the things that we're looking at relative to as we think about guidance is the impact of acquisitions, right. Those aren't things that we necessarily factored in. But given where we look today, we have been able to fill up the ones that we've acquired as of today relative to our guidance. So we feel good about it, but definitely see it trending towards the high side.
Robin Washington: And relative to SG&A on bad debt expense, right now, [indiscernible] in the number is probably about an incremental $6 million to $8 million of expenses associated with in Southern Europe. The other big major change in SG&A was the excise tax. If you remember, we explained that we expected that new tax to yield about a $30 million to $50 million impact for the full year to SG&A. So that's planned, and that's one of the key drivers of our overall growth. So we now are projecting that range to be towards the high end as well. So 1/4 of that $50 million is reflected in our Q1 SG&A expenses.
Robin Washington: No, no, I understand your point. You're right. What Kevin talked about is the range change relative to the IMA agreement. But if you recall, today and last quarter, he talked about Q4 inventory being at the higher end. So when you think about the inventory change he mentioned today about -- using about $10 million as an average of a day, you're going from the high end to the low end. So the real change on a sequential basis is about 4 days.
Robin Washington: And Sapna, this is Robin. I think the other component that I'll mention is if you recall, when we talked about healthcare, we talked about that new component that Kevin was alluding to around Managed Medicaid. And because it's based on charge-backs and things that happen in arrears, we saw in Q1 and we'll still continue to see through probably the next 2 quarters charge-backs and rebates associated with that. We had talked about it being in the range of 2% to 4%, which is included in our guidance and as part of the overall 5% to 6% of healthcare reform impact in 2011. But I think what Kevin was alluding to is that -- to Kevin's point, we can't predict. We've made some assumptions around it. But if conditions worsen significantly or if something changes, it may be greater than we've projected.
Norbert Bischofberger: The nucleoside is, right now, going through dose escalation and at this point, I do not have any information on either efficacy or exposure. Those will come in a few months, at least, internally.
Norbert Bischofberger: Joel, so what's the rationale for diversifying into cancer. We made the CGI acquisition, afterwards the Arresto acquisition and now with Calistoga. We have a really nice portfolio of agents and research that is applicable both in cancer and inflammation. And what the rationale was, Joel, we felt that now is the time where cancer chemotherapy and how we think about cancer is completely going to change. As you know, it went from cytotoxics in the '70s and '80s to more targeted therapies like antibodies, anti-EGFR antibodies, to really very much targeted therapies that had to do with cancer genomics like the Plexxikon, the BRAF mutation and V600E that makes melanoma so virulent. And so that's the reason why we think now, with this new collaboration, we have all the ingredients in place to be a major player in oncology and inflammation in the future. With regards to Calistoga, yes, we absolutely very much looked into these LFT elevations. We talked to both liver toxicity experts, we talked to oncologists. And the overwhelming response that we got was that these liver elevations, given the benefit that the compound has in terms of progression-free survival, that the benefits largely outweigh the risks. And that's why we're comfortable with moving ahead. Also, needless to say, we are looking both into potential predictors for liver toxicity. If you could identify the patient that actually get it up front, we're looking at genomics in that respect. And we're also looking at potential clinical management of liver toxicity as well.
Norbert Bischofberger: [indiscernible] Quad. Yes, so Ian, just to back up. You may be referring to we -- and I in the past have said that we had concerns about the elvitegravir versus raltegravir non-inferiority study, because we saw larger drop numbers or dropouts than we anticipated. But needless to say, nevertheless, we've got a very tight confidence interval with a 6% margin, which I think is just absolutely wonderful. Now with regards to Atripla Quad, we are seeing very few discontinuations, and that study was completely inline with what we have seen in other Phase III studies. So I have no concerns about that.
