Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Michael. Appreciate the questions and sorry guys that I got cut off there before. Thanks, Andy, for picking up. I want to conclude with my comments is probably the most important comment is to really thank the colleagues throughout Gilead that are working on Remdesivir and non-Remdesivir projects alike, they've really kept the momentum going in quarter one. And I'm humbled and proud to be working with them. So Michael, thank you for the call. On the revenue side, it is just as Andy mentioned also and I mentioned, it's too premature. You know there's a lot of moving parts right now. Our focus will be on making sure we come up with a sustainable model that allows us to provide Remdesivir to patients around the globe that is intent on providing access and affordability. We're just now going through the clinical data, the demand scenarios, the regulatory approvals, all these things are essential for us to put inputs into our plan about how that will work post the donation. So we can't really give more insight into that at this stage, but certainly when we can we will. On the expense side, Andy, I mean, obviously you had mentioned already that up to $1 billion and unclear on how the accounting will occur. But perhaps you want to add something else to Michael's question.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks Corey. I'll start it out and maybe others on the call want to add. But our focus, as you can imagine since January, has been on ramping up the supply, particularly so that we have the lyophilized version that's appropriate for an intravenous administration, the clinical program, all of that. So, it's really where we have been. At the same time though, we have had a team just as with everything with this program, including the supply we've had teams that have been really since the very day one in January have been focusing on success. And so if successful, how else could we potentially develop this medicine? I think that's been taken into account from the totality of the clinical trial program, looking at those critical, severe and moderate patients. But likewise, we've done the same thing with other alternative delivery mechanisms, presuming success that might make it more convenient for patients or allowed us to broaden the patient groups that could benefit from a successful antiviral. And that work is, as you can imagine, still early. But we can say a couple of things. It's not, this particular medicine, because it's heavily first half metabolized in the liver, is not really appropriate as an oral formulation. We've known that for years, probably a decade. But we are looking into things like subcutaneous formulations and potentially inhaled formulations. And although, it's too premature to give you timelines on that, rest assured that we've been actively working on those. And as soon as we can give some timelines, we will see now particularly because of the efficacy that we've seen this week, we'll continue to pursue those with a great sense of urgency. But timeline is a little premature. Just know that we've been working on it now for several months. I don't know Merdad, if you want to add anything. You’re okay, good. Merdad is okay. Okay, Cory, I know you need more, but we'll give you more as soon as we can.
Daniel O'Day: I get it . In terms of like an allocation. Yes, with limited allocation or limited [Multiple Speakers]…
Daniel O'Day: Yes, got it. Okay, I'm going to turn it over to Merdad and I'll let Merdad take a stab at both of those.
Daniel O'Day: Yes, thanks so much, Jeff for the thoughts. Everybody at Gilead will appreciate your sentiment. Let's start with COVID and the other nukes. I didn't know whether Merdad or Andy you want to handle that, I'm not sure how you want to.
Daniel O'Day: That's great Andy, and appreciate your leadership there with your business development head on, working with manufacturing. I would just add that we've been a student of other small molecules in this type of setting, whether it's [Tamiflu] in the past and some of the scale up and stockpiling that occurred there, or students of our own work, if you like, within our HIV portfolio between the developed and the developing world. So we're putting all that knowledge to work as we think about moving fast and wide in terms of our ability to produce supply, but also thinking very thoughtfully about a global footprint here, which would allow for this to, as Andy said, have different geographic representation, which we think is going to be really important. So more to come on that but we've had teams really focused on that day and night for the past several months, just to give you an idea of that.
Daniel O'Day: So, Johanna, I’ll let you handle the filgotinib. But let me start with your first question, Jeff and thanks again. Obviously, we are conscious of the fact that this is unique and this is different. You mentioned some parallels to HIV, HCV even Tamiflu. But there's been no other time like this in the history of the planet than any of us have been alive. In terms of the far reaching effect of this pandemic, both medically from a patient perspective most importantly but also economically. And so I think there is no guidebook out there. There is no rulebook out there, other than that we need to be very thoughtful about how we can make sure we provide access of our medicines to patients around the globe. And do that in a sustainable way for the company for you as shareholders and we acknowledge that. And so points well taken and I would, I guess the short answer to your question is, I don't think there is a precedent to this. And so we understand our responsibility and we understand our responsibility to arrive at different audiences as we approach this. So, we'll be working back with you and we'll certainly be getting feedback from different individuals as we evolve this and as we understand for data around this. But rest assured, we understand our responsibility. With that I'm going to turn it over to Johanna please to talk a little bit filgotinib.
Daniel O'Day: Thank you so much Matthew for the comments. So Joanna, why don't you start and perhaps Diana can add on the development side.
Daniel O'Day: Getting back to Remdesivir and I would see this playing out over time. Again, I'm going to have to come back to some of the basis of what I said before, which is we really need some time now to reflect upon a very volatile changing situation to determine, both on a clinical side, regulatory side and pandemic side, epidemiology, what's the right sustainable model is. Rest assured that we'll come back to you as soon as we can digest that and as soon as actually a little bit more time passes, which was also one of the important reasons for the donation to allow us to obtain more information as well, what that sustainable plan a model is. But I'll just make a couple of comments on what we said in the results, so record Dr. Fauci yesterday, which is with the NIAID results and the highly statistically significant reduction in time to recovery, this now changes the landscape of your life for drug development within COVID-19. Being that one has to now think about comparing to Remdesivir and/or looking at adding to Remdesivir, which I think is exactly what the NIAID trial is going to do now. And I'm sure all of our collaborators within the drug development space, we have been working with them, we're going to continue to work with them on the most thoughtful hypotheses around how we might be fitter, just as one reflects upon the HIV building decades ago, that Remdesivir become kind of the base therapy and one looks to try to improve symptomology improvements, mortality improvements, expanding patient populations. And so that is yet another factor that will go into how we determine how best to create a sustainable solution for Remdesivir. But clearly, all those things we have been thinking about and now we have to accelerate now that we have these trial results. So, more to come on that. I will have, Merdad, you answer the lung question, if you could, please for Umer.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks a lot again for your comments. I'm going to turn the first question over to Mehrdad and the second one over to Joanna. But just as I do on your first question, and I think Merdad can fill in the details here. But, there's been a surprising consistency across all the different data elements in our clinical program from compassionate use, to interrogating what we know about the China trial, to the severe trial to the NIAID trial. And I think that is maybe not something that's completely well understood out there. And I think, Merdad, it’s a part of your response, I think it'd be helpful for you to reflect upon that as well, if it's okay.
Daniel O'Day: So, I'll turn the ventilator question over to Merdad in just a second, but thanks. So to clarify the EUA. So, yes, I mean, under an emergency use authorization, one could charge for the product. We made a decision, as you know, to donate 1.5 million vials, which has the entirety of our supplies through the early summer and that's for a variety of uses, right. I mean that's for clinical trials as one would expect not to charge for those of course, compassionate use, [EAP] in other countries, but also available is that supply for regulatory approvals around the world, and then we'll allocate accordingly as those regulatory approvals come online. So yes, it is possible to charge. I would just say that our goal here is to get a full approval for Remdesivir. We feel the data supports that and then EUA therefore is a step to really a more formalized approval. The reason the agency and we are talking about that is these are extraordinary times. So, weeks would make a difference to be able to get medicine to patients by enacting an EUA, if that's what the FDA chooses to do prior to another form of approval. And so it's a step wise approach, which allows us to immediately address these humanitarian needs, while still pursuing all the aspects of a normal approval, which we are doing with the FDA. So, I think that's probably the most important point. And again, I know Robyn and trust us. We will be answering your questions on the sustainable model for Remdesivir in the future, in the near future. We just don't have the answers yet and we -- but we deeply respect and appreciate the fact that when we get into millions of doses, we have to have a sustainable economic model that works here and that achieves access to affordability to patients around the world. So, more to come on that. If I could turn it over to Merdad on the ventilated treatment approach.
Daniel O'Day: Yes, these are unusual times for all of us, I'm sure in all of your areas of interest, as well as ours. And so what I can say is that I think people have come together in a variety of ways, and certainly that's also occurred to a certain degree in Washington. And I've spent a decent amount of time in Washington over the past several months, certainly, before the shelter in place. And I think even then, there is some change in the rhetoric. I think for highly innovative research based companies that have immediately kind of shifted their efforts to solutions on the coronavirus, it's pretty impressive actually to many of the peers in the industry, that I stay in very close touch with have spared no expense to kind of pivot and shift. So I think at the end of the day, I think this will certainly help the industry’s reputation, I think the ability to solve a human crisis like this, because of the decades of investments and the at risk investments that's done by so many companies, people I think will -- and the general public will see that. And whether that's treatment, different types of treatments or vaccines, I think that will be the case. But certainly to your point, I think the tone is different in Washington. I think people are very appreciative and concerned about finding solutions here, and it's brought us all together, which I think is a good thing. I'm not suggesting that, there won't continue to be focus and pressure on drug pricing. Of course, there will be. And we continue to work appropriately to make sure that, in particular the patients that are bearing the brunt sometimes of some of the pharmaceutical pricing that legislation is put into place that supports that and improve that for patients and that we lean in as an industry and as a company to give more that flows through to patients. So all of those principles I think still apply, but it's being done now in a way where we can have an appreciation for the innovation that the industry brings. So more to come. And a lot is still to happen this year with the election coming up and with other things. But, I think from a Gilead perspective, we stay focused on innovative medicines and making sure we have access programs on leaning into legislation that supports the innovative industry and that supports reducing patient out of pocket costs, and that will be our focus accordingly, Salim. So hope that gives a little bit of a insight.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Tyler, again, for the comments and I might ask if Andy and Merdad want comment on the first question. Let me start with the second. So, yes, we've been in constant dialog with the agency on Remdesivir. I just have to really also say how thankful we are for the FDA and other members of the government, the coronavirus task force that have really made themselves available, really literally all the time when we need them and vice versa. So, it's been a very good collaborative relationship. In terms of Remdesivir and the interactions with the FDA, I mean, we have been working with them on the submission. They've been open to receiving parts of the submission, which has been very helpful under a normal process, plus there's the whole EUA process that kind of goes on top of that. So yes, the answer is and you can imagine that obviously, that's been going on for weeks and actually a couple of months now. But in the past 48 hours, it's increased in intensity. So, we are and the team is in constant kind of information exchange with the agency right now, and they're getting information from us. So obviously from NIH on the NIAID trial and there's a big sense of urgency here. I think the FDA understands the importance of reacting quickly to this. And so, it's intense right now. And we think the FDA will move quite quickly on the decision on the labeling side. So, back to the lower impact of the base case. I don't know Merdad, from a scientific perspective or Andy, if you want to provide any other -- I think, we don't have a crystal ball like it’s…
Daniel O'Day: Yes, I'll let Merdad also discuss. So, yes I just -- look, the discussions are still ongoing in terms of what's required for a formal approval. What I meant to infer earlier is that the NIAID data are demonstrates safety and efficacy at a highly statistical level, which is usually the barrier for a full approval. So, that's what we're working with them on. And I don't want to get ahead of the agency on that, if that's okay. But again I do believe that there is most likely kind of a two step process that potentially in the UAE being granted and then moving on to the full approval. Having said that, can I turn to Merdad or Diana, so Merdad, okay on the first question.
Merdad Parsey: On the first question, we've not seen a lot of the baseline demography and the sorts of data that would help in terms of answering your question on the NIAID study. So I think we're all going to have to wait for those data to get published and put out for us all for review. So, I think that's pending and we'll look for that to come out. In terms of patient subsets, I think our data and if you look at who's been enrolled in the trials overall, I think we're clearly looking at the hospitalized patient population and we're looking at patients who are requiring supplemental oxygen is the primary population that we're after, including those that may either become ventilated or may start out mechanically ventilated. Certainly, our data support that from our open label trials, the NIAID study enrolled that breadth of patients but we have not seen subgroup analyses of the different patient populations to give you clarity there. But we believe it'll be in that fairly broad population early on.
Merdad Parsey: So what I would say is the concentration that we're looking for, as you know, we think our EASL50 in human cells is in the 10s of nanomolar range, and we know our serum concentration gets in the micromolar range. And so we should be more than adequately covered by achieving those levels with the current dosing paradigm that we have, probably by an order of magnitude or two. And certainly in the serum and based on model data in nonhuman primates, as well as mice, we see more than adequate concentrations getting into the lung of those animals and in vivo efficacy in those animals. And I think, the clinical benefits we're seeing suggests that, that's exactly what's happening in humans as well. So I think we're pretty comfortable with where we are in terms of both dosing and exposure, including in the lung.
Merdad Parsey: No, of course. I think, Alethia, we all were using the parallel construct of influenza for our thinking around Remdesivir, which was, you got to get in really early, given the viral kinetics and influenza and getting into late probably won't have much of an impact. And I remember at investor call a couple of months ago where I said that as well, and that was certainly our expectation. However, the wild card here and I think we're still learning is what are the viral kinetics in patients with this virus? How long does that last? And how quickly does it go up? And how quickly can we have an impact on it? So, I think the data or the data essentially that we are seeing efficacy across both patient populations, but also across trials that are really all tracking in the same direction as Dan alluded to. So even if you look at for the China data, the hazard ratios for improvement are consistently positive. The study was underpowered and I think the hazard ratios we’ll probably see from the NIAID study, are going to be in the same ballpark. But with an appropriate sample size, they're highly statistically significant. Similarly, I think when we look at the mortality data, when we look at all of those different factors, this virus seems to be behaving differently. Remdesivir seems to be having efficacy in relatively broad patient population. And so, I think we're learning as we go. We'll learn more as more data are generated. We have our moderate data coming up where we’ll be looking at an even less severely ill patient population. So there will be more data coming out in that population that may add to our knowledge base here to understand the spectrum. And as we talked about earlier, understanding the efficacy in the subgroups and the NIAID study will be really interesting in this and we don't have that information yet. So, I think all of those data will contribute to our overall understanding of how early do you need to be in new patients who have symptoms for less time do better. Those are certainly the trends. But there certainly seems to be benefit even in patients who have longer duration of symptoms right now. So, I'll hand it off to Johanna for the HIV question.
Merdad Parsey: So with the IPF program, there is a scheduled interim analysis that will be coming up early next year and we think things will stay on track. Again, I'll put some error bars around the pandemic, but I don't think that should be impacted at least today. So, that will be something that we’ll be clearly looking forward to and will be important to how we proceed there. In terms of the osteoarthritis, it's a great question. I think while seeing structural improvement is going to be really important and interesting. Certainly, thus far the regulatory guidance has included looking at symptoms like pain for improvement. So we can push on that. Obviously, if we see special improvement and we haven't been powered for example for pain then we'll have to look at that and think about what the implications of that are and discuss it with the regulators. So, I think what we'll be looking for is directionality on all the endpoints that we will be measuring to make a smart decision in terms of moving forward with that program.
Merdad Parsey: The criticality of this comes down to a timing question. It really comes down to how long is viral replication ongoing in the lungs of patients, and how quickly do patients deteriorate to needing mechanical ventilation. Certainly, what we're seeing is that, patients are very, very rapidly deteriorating, some patients deteriorate rapidly. And so getting them into viral therapy in that timeframe where it seems that there's still viral replication going on certainly seems to be benefiting those patients. And probably what's going on and this is speculation on my part is by limiting the viral replication, you're going to limit the inflammation, you're going to reduce the number of people who develop lung injury, and you're going to get them off the ventilator faster. So, the discharge rates that we're seeing where the people are being discharged four days earlier, for example, in NIAID study underlying that are patients who are deescalate their need for oxygenation and that leads them to getting on to room air more quickly. And I think -- so there's a time element in all of this that I think is probably where we're benefiting these patients. Certainly if you talk about people who've been ventilated for a week or two weeks, there the question of whether an antiviral would be beneficial, I think seems more difficult to tie into what's going on. But again, it comes down to understand the viral kinetics here and that's a work in progress, I think for all of us.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, I think -- and Tyler, we are as much a consumer as others. I think we are -- obviously our data, our snapshot into what's going on. But we use for on modeling, we use the external epidemiology data and use that right now to get the broader picture. So, I don't think we have any unique insights today that don't rely on the same sources that everyone else. So that's I think where we are. Obviously, as we capture more data and maybe that would change, but today I think that's where we are. And I'll just echo what Dan said. This has been an unprecedented time in terms of our interactions with the regulators, both here in the U. S., as well as outside the U. S. It's been really impressive and truly collaborative working with NIH and the FDA in parallel over the past couple of months and we talk constantly, and the same is true with EMA, same as true is Japan, where we're talking to all the regulators in parallel. So it's been a pretty unique situation and I think everyone understands the gravity. So, that's been very helpful in moving forward collaboratively.
Johanna Mercier: So, Geoffrey, I think just a quick update on filgo. We basically have hired all of our home office personnelj, both from a commercial medical standpoint, we've hired our sales leadership, field leadership as well and we're monitoring the situation really closely to be honest with you, because nobody really knows when this ends or what's the new normal and when not begin. And so we're just kind of monitoring that and planning for success to be honest with you to make sure that we are ready for launch for the second half of 2020 across all of the markets where we hope to get regulatory approval with the U. S., Japan, as well as Europe towards the end of this year. I think from a virtual launch standpoint, I think those are considerations that we're looking at in scenario planning and we haven't made a decision obviously that will be linked to the timing of this pandemic. Having said that, I will also tell you that a lot of our teams are doing virtual right now, many of the markets are doing remote detailing, virtual speaker programs, et cetera. And working through this environment despite obviously the opposites and patients not being open at this point in time. So, we're working through all that and looking at the different scenarios. But I think we need to know a little bit more information on the timing of this pandemic and how that plays out towards the end of this year.
Johanna Mercier: So HIV overall business have of course another solid quarter again this year. It's the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, and that's obviously driven by both the treatment and the PrEP business. So your question specific to Descovy. Yes, so we just hit 38%. And so, tracking exactly to our plan, right. We had said anywhere between 40% to 45% towards the end of this year. So, we feel confident with that number. Obviously, as Andy mentioned in his opening comments, there has been a little bit of a slowdown from a switch standpoint in the PrEP market for obvious reasons, because patients are not going there to the physicians offices. But it's modest thus far and we think a lot of those will be able to recoup towards the end of this year, when the pandemic does left. So, we feel still very confident that, yes, we think we're going to be in the range of that 40%, 45% that we had originally set out and maybe even, if all goes well and we can get out of this pandemic a little bit earlier, maybe a little bit north of that. So Diana, maybe to address the long acting.
Johanna Mercier: So Alethia, just a couple of things. We have a couple of moving pieces in the first quarter for HIV. So, I just want to -- because it's not just one piece that's making the difference here. And so the first one is obviously your seasonal inventory. So there’s Q4 load off and then Q1 draw down, so that's definitely happening in Q1. Then we also had towards late March, like I'm sure many did as well, the prescription, number of days for prescription rise and inventories rise towards the end of March. We've had a bit of a mix of those two things. And specifically to government channels that you're asking the buying pattern, we do normally seem to run a little bit more of a higher mix towards government channels in the first quarter, and that obviously may negatively impacts our payer mix. So that is definitely happening in the first quarter of this year.
