Kevin Young: In terms of the U.S., I referred to some market research that we did in January. Going back to the launch, we did expect that people might hold off in the genotype 1 because of the Christmas period. In this research, it does seem now that the use of Sovaldi is very much reflecting the spectrum of patients that you have in the U.S. So about 70% in genotype 1.  We have seen some use in genotype 2 and 3. Three was about 12% in this very small survey. Genotype 2 was about 17%. Again, I must stress this is very low numbers. It was a survey done in people who were beginning to use Sovaldi. So it’s very representative, and I think that’s very reassuring that we’re seeing that. Our sense is that physicians are calling in their advanced patients, because of course they need to be treated, so our sense is that they’re sort of clearing patients that they may have had waiting, and that may well continue during the first quarter.  In terms of France, our prescribing right now is according to the definition of the temporary authorization for use, the ATU. Because what happened in January is that the French government said that the ATU parameters must now still apply until there is full reimbursement of the product in France.  So we’ve had extremely good response. As soon as we switched to the use of our public Sovaldi, we had an immediate order from the public hospitals around Paris. Nineteen of our top 20 centers in France have prescribed Sovaldi. But the majority of the patients treated have been the [F3s] and the [F4s]. And that’s not surprising, because patients with advanced disease, with no alternative, are as per the ATU guidance. So that’s probably not surprising. And I’ll just throw in this one, that in Germany kind of like the U.S., our sense is that it’s sort of prescribing according to the distribution of genotypes.  We’re not aware at all of any sort or form of secondary warehousing of patients. Right now I think physicians, whether it be the U.S. or Europe, are totally energized about the availability of Sovaldi. So no sense whatsoever that they may be holding back patients for all-oral.
Kevin Young: It really is still incredibly early days. We’ve only just got through our first full month, and what we call the first [unintelligible] month of launch, clearly the holiday period. So I think it’s so difficult to say what’s going to happen in the transition period between Sovaldi and Sovaldi ledipasvir.  First, we don’t know what ultimately the timelines are going to be for launch of our new single tablets. So I just don’t think we know, and I think we need to get through the first quarter into the second quarter, of course, to know what might be the timelines for launch, before we can have any feel for that. So I really don’t have any of the color.  I would just reemphasize that the energy is extremely high, and that’s not just in the major liver disease centers. We’re getting good response from the gastroenterologists. We’re having prescribing from internal medicine physicians, and we’re seeing a little prescribing from the infectious disease physicians. 
Kevin Young: By far the vast majority is the private pay right now. We are actually having some initial formulary listing from state Medicaids like New Jersey/New York, which is quite encouraging. We shouldn’t forget that all Medicaids have often some form of interim coverage just like the private plans. So we’re going to be exploring all of those across the country. We’ve had a couple of [unintelligible] cover and list Sovaldi. That’s not with any additional discounts, that’s purely the Medicaid pricing. But I have to say that the majority of patients right now are coming from the private managed care sector.
Kevin Young: It’s so hard, Brian. It’s so early. It is obvious that the major liver centers are treating the sicker patients. I mean, that’s not only intuitive but it’s common sense that you’d want to be trying to cure patients who are really, really advanced. And the hepatologists knew about this drug. The hepatology centers take the sicker patients. So they have patients lined up. We even know some centers that were even checking on the insurance qualifications of those patients so they could very quickly receive drug. I think it’s important, though, to say that we’ve got a lot of people to talk to about Sovaldi, particularly in the GI community, that really weren’t that familiar with the protease inhibitors and weren’t warehousing patients. And we’re introducing, I think, a very novel therapy, and they’re very interested in this, and as I mentioned, I think we’re getting people to reengage and think about treating HCV, whereas in past years they certainly asking for the patient to wait.  The AASLD guidelines are very, very positive. I couldn’t tell you that I’ve seen an actual specific impact, but as an umbrella endorsement of Sovaldi and indeed to stop using the prior therapies is very strong.  I’d also like to mention that we have seen, after only 10 days after approval, a very similar change in Germany, and we do know that the opinion leaders in the U.K. are considering some form of consensus guidelines with the introduction of Sovaldi. So very positive.
Kevin Young: I’d just add that, as a reminder, Japan, we’re going to launch as Gilead, so we’re going to be starting a full [unintelligible] course, and that will take place in the second half of the year, ready for a first half 2015 launch. So that is a new component for us at Gilead.
Kevin Young: Your math is about right. Bear in mind that the $70 million that we put out there, we felt was appropriate for the December period and the type of usage. I think it’s important to point out that as we go into January, February, and first quarter, that actual purchase will be for demand, but will be ticking up inventory levels. You know, major wholesalers start to adjust their inventory levels according to demand. So we’ll see as we go into first/second quarter that the actual purchase will be reflective of both dynamics. But your $50 million number, we think, is about right. In terms of sustainability, we’ve said, I think, on a number of occasions at Gilead, that we see this as a long term opportunity for the company and for our products in hepatitis C. Yes, people are clearly waiting for Sovaldi, there will be, undoubtedly, physicians and hospitals excited about having an all-oral. But we’re going to be doing a lot as we come out of 2014 to 2015 around patient education, particularly for the patients who are currently diagnosed but are really not doing anything about their disease.  And I think you’re going to see, as we move through 2014, some very innovative advertising from Gilead that will start to raise awareness that there are good alternatives now for hepatitis C, and you should be seeking a conversation with your physician. And then you mentioned the geographic rollout, we think there are great opportunities in Europe. Undoubtedly, that’s led by France, but we see initial excitement and quite significant early uptake in Germany. And then we’ll have some European markets come on later. We do think this drug is really appropriate for the elderly, treatment experienced and treatment intolerant Japanese patients.  And then we’ve got a great team here who’ve got a lot of experience in other countries like Latin America, Brazil, where actually we’re putting some of our own people in there for the first time, and we think that’s going to be helpful for the more difficult and challenging pricing and reimbursement [unintelligible] you have in these countries.  But I think on all of those levels, we have a longer life cycle for our hepatitis C products than perhaps people are giving credit for.
Kevin Young: I probably should take the first question as well. Right now, because managed care are using kind of an interim coverage, you get this tier 3 plus a prior authorization. When they go for full formulary listing, it could well move to tier 2. But there will always be a prior authorization. Every hepatitis C drug has had a PA, and I think we absolutely believe that, whether it’s Sovaldi or Sovaldi ledipasvir, or [unintelligible], for that matter, a PA will always be there.  And it’s really just a checkpoint that the drug is being used according to the label. It is no further restriction than that. So it’s just that the right type of patient, the right genotype, according to the label, is being prescribed by a physician. Let me transition to European pricing. So you mentioned the French ATU price. So you are correct, that’s EUR56,000, or by today’s FX, about $76,000. And I’ve said before that that’s really a very individual price point, because it’s a very restricted use in patients that really have no alternatives, whether they are HCV or HCV with a liver transplant. I would like to talk a little bit about the rest of the pricing for Europe. We have now listed our price in the U.K. The price in the U.K. is almost UK35,000, so that’s about $57,000. And I think, as a benchmark for the majority of Europe, that would be a good price point for you going forward. So I’ll say that again. About UK35,000, this is the 12-week course of treatment, or about $57,000. And I also mentioned the German pricing. The German pricing is almost EUR49,000, or $66,000. So Germany typically is a little bit higher. And my final comment on European pricing is just to say that these are significant differences to the telaprevir pricing. And the [unintelligible] that we’ve taken for Sovaldi, we believe, is very justified according to cost effectiveness data, and the premium is very comparable to the premium that we took on Sovaldi versus the original price of telaprevir in the United States.
Kevin Young: I’ll answer, and then maybe Norbert has one or two on the scientific front. I think what you are referring to is, my apologies, somewhat artificial. I don’t think Gilead thinks that way. I don’t think really any pharmaceutical company in terms of somehow being super clever about segmentation and one company gets one part and one company gets another. We present the profile of Sovaldi. We obviously present according to the label, and all of the data within the label, and I think ultimately the physician and the payer make the choice.  We believe that the Sovaldi data and the Sovaldi ledipasvir data is very, very strong, and our profile will give it a preeminent physician, not only in the minds of the physicians, but in the minds of the payer. So you know, I think the market ultimately makes decisions and ultimately prescribes and uptakes the product according to the scientific profile. And we certainly, as you heard from John Martin, without ribavirin for our combination, have a very, very strong profile in genotype 1. 
Kevin Young: I think there’s a great awareness. I think we always knew that when we did our research, even a year ago, with payers. Hepatitis C was very high on their radar, as it is with oncology products and RA products and some others. I think if you present value to them - and we shouldn’t forget, we are presenting a cure - it’s very compelling. And we’re curing somebody in 12 weeks, as Norbert said, in eight weeks in the future, and I think that is a very compelling proposition. You know, already into the launch of Sovaldi, we have had some plans come to us who are traditionally quite difficult to get listings. In fact, we’ve had one of them place orders outside their formulary. So I always come back to the area which is it’s the profile of the product. The need in the patient is very clear, and we’ve got a well tolerated, highly effective cure that physicians and patients want. The payer will always look at this and we’ll have discussions with the payer. But I think this is transformational medicine, and the payer will have a role, but I think the adoption of HCV products is here for a long time to come.
Kevin Young: I don’t think managed care and the payer are thinking too much about the movement in U.S. guidelines on the Baby Boomers. And to be honest with you, John, right now our concentration of efforts at Gilead is very much presenting the products. But as we get into 2014, and I referred earlier to some new educational campaigns that we want to have by the middle of the year, we’re certainly going to be addressing the diagnosed population, that 1.7 million - that’s the first area, I think, that could be mobilized - and then move into the larger 4 million population. We have seen some state activities. There’s been a lot of change in New York, that a test must be offered to a Baby Boomer when they present in a clinical setting. We are aware that that’s been discussed also in Florida. We’ll certainly be using our government affairs organization to continue that around the country. I think it’s always the case around screening that you need the products to treat the disease once it’s been identified. And now we have that with Sovaldi, and it will become even stronger with our combination, and that encourages people. So I think we’re going to see more of that. I think ourselves and competitors will be raising the awareness more and more. So I do think there is a great deal of potential in this market. 
Kevin Young: Wow, that is an incredible question, Josh. I think you’re right. We just don’t quite know yet. I think those caps and possibly sort of bumpers might be more prevalent in Europe. It does take European governments more time to expand budgets. So it may well be more prevalent there. But we have seen increases, even as a result of the protease inhibitors, in some markets like Spain and Italy. But I think, because it’s national health funding across Europe, that might be more brought into more question. I think we just don’t know, and this drug is really very special, and very transformative. So this is not extending life by a few months, this is probably one of the greatest breakthroughs to cure people and get rid of a very serious virus. So I think time will tell.
Kevin Young: Yes, it does include the VA population. So again, I just want to say that these are estimates. We’re using the company Ipsos. That’s the company that we’ve used for a long time on HIV. But the sampling is much smaller than we currently have in HIV. You know, in HIV it took us about 10 years to get the type of sophistication from the Ipsos data. It’s going to take us a few years to get more accuracy with hepatitis C. So I would just put a caveat and perhaps a [unintelligible] warning around this data, but it’s the best we’ve got. I think it’s representative of where the U.S. today, and you’ll see that we’ve also included that number for the European big five markets as well.
Robin Washington: And the second part of your question was, I believe, the guidance we provided around whether the impact on our tax rate applied to global Sovaldi sales. The answer is it does, and please remember that as we guided, that only relates to 2014.
Robin Washington: I’m going to somewhat go in a little different order. Relative to the contingency, I think we really stepped back and looked at SG&A to be all-encompassing. So irrespective of the size of sales, I think we’ve got that all included relative to the guidance that we’ve given you.  In terms of the overall component, it does include all the sales and marketing expenses for the Sovaldi launch in the U.S., Europe, Canada, and Australia. Keep in mind this isn’t only for the ramp that continues in some of those countries, but it’s a full year effect of the ramp that we had in 2013. It does also include the buildout, as Kevin talked about in the script, for a launch of idelalisib in both the U.S. and the EU. And it also includes a ramp for new markets, most specifically Japan, but there’s also a small amount of money in there for some other emerging markets that we are considering in 2014. So that’s the biggest component, over 50% of the increase. If you think about just our traditional SG&A, external legal is increasing significantly as we have to continue to defend our patents. The excise tax is retroactive, so it does not include Sovaldi sales, because it’s based on 2013 revenues, but there is a significant step up in that, as you saw in our slide deck, with guidance of about $150 million to $170 million for that as well.  And I think just given the overall growth of the company, I mean, we’ve increased employees a thousand fold this past year, so there are some just overall increases relative to our infrastructure and SG&A that we had to consider given our growth.
Robin Washington: Relative to the copay, as I said, to the extent that that copay program or the support launch, as Kevin described, it is inclusive of those copays in SG&A guidance. So it’s sales, it’s marketing, and it’s any type of programs that we would put in place. There are also specific foundation grants that we’ve given to help with patients getting access to Sovaldi. You saw an increase in Q4 and some of that continues into 2014.  So relative to the tax rate, I’ve said all along that commercialization of Sovaldi worldwide would lower our tax rate, and that’s based on where the patient population of Sovaldi is. More ex-U.S. will overall allow us to continue to reduce that rate. And we also did some supply chain restructuring that allowed us to take advantage of that tax rate reduction even sooner. We don’t give long term tax rate guidance, but I’d expect to see the tax rate overall to continue to decline as the level of Sovaldi revenue continues to increase.
Robin Washington: To answer the first part of your question, you are speaking about it directionally the right way, but recall that our arrangement with BMS is that once efavirenz goes generic that there is a step down royalty that we’ll need to pay to BMS. So it won’t happen immediately upon going generic. Also, keep in mind, if you think about our core business, excluding Sovaldi, as we continue to have more usage of Stribild and Complera/Eviplera, that will also have overall product gross margin impact. Hence you saw even in our guidance for 2014 we saw some of that shift start to occur. On top of that is the incremental product gross margin impact related to Sovaldi that we’d expect to see as that product becomes a larger component of our revenue stream.
Robin Washington: Relative to capital allocation, in the earnings deck, on slide 61, we kind of outlined our share repurchase by quarter for 2013. In Q4, we kind of went back to our goal of offsetting dilution, and you can expect that to continue in 2014. Relative to long term capital structure, I’d say we remain fairly consistent: [unintelligible] our pipeline, looking at various assets that may make sense and then returning cash to shareholders. Right now via share repurchases, but as we said, we may consider other vehicles over time. But other than that, I’d say it’s business as usual as to how we’re thinking about utilization of cash [unintelligible].
