John F. Milligan: Hey Geoff, thanks for the question. If you think about the different models and we think about our budget for 2017, we still have a very impressive net income and operating margin and importantly cash flow out of it. In fact, it would rank at or above nearly every one of our comparable companies. So we still feel very good about the company. We feel very good about our cash flow for the future. I think it's still for us a desire and a need to have a right strategic fit for the company. That is the driver for why and when we do any mergers or acquisitions or partnerships, much more so than the need for cash flow, because we feel very comfortable about where we are.
John F. Milligan: Robyn, I would say that our efforts and the efforts around us to try to open up access to the less severely ill patients will be instrumental in helping stabilize that, and that's one of our focuses for this year. In fact, even today we saw some potential opening at one of the big plans. So all this could be very useful in terms of stabilizing that number, and that will be a big focus of the company this year.
John F. Milligan: Maybe less there now that you've asked a hard question. As I understand it, what you're asking is if you take the, say, circa $30 billion we had in 2016, can we do an acquisition that would grow off of that basis.
John F. Milligan: We don't have a lot of things launching over the next few years. If you think about it, we have bictegravir which will be filed later this year, launching into next year. We're very confident of our HIV franchise. That is going to be a good growth driver for us. We are facing some headwinds in 2018 and beyond on other patent expiries we'll have, including the U.S. patent for TDF. We'll also have patents on Letairis and the following year Ranexa. So that puts some downward pressure on that non-HCV revenue base and so that makes it challenging for us to grow without some sort of acquisition in those area. I'm not going to say exactly when that would pick up again. It will depend a little bit on where HCV stabilizes and it will depend quite a bit on the uptake of bictegravir, which as we keep pointing out, we're very excited to be able to share the data with you and hopefully you'll share our enthusiasm for how this can transform the HIV market going forward.
John F. Milligan: And maybe just one last thing is, keep in mind that Epclusa has only launched at this point in Germany. So this takes into account a competitive marketplace. Epclusa is going to, we expect reimbursement in the UK in the first half, the rest of the countries in the second half. And it takes into account competitive dynamics, which are share and pricing around that.
John F. Milligan: Yeah, and then regarding ESI, I think it's probably a combination. I can't speak directly for them, but what I would hypothesize would be, you're probably aware that they did add Harvoni to the national formulary, so they now have an eight-week option, which is one of the best ways to reduce costs in HCV that they didn't have when they had the Viekira Pak as their sole option. So that's playing a role in what they're looking at over the next couple of years. But again, other than that, it's patient starts and their ability to project beyond 2017 is probably similar to ours. So it's challenging. And we're confident in 2017 and those are the drivers.
John F. Milligan: The question was, he said, you typically don't compete on price, but this category has been unique in this industry and that competition has lowered prices. So in fact, we have been competing on price for a few years now. So I don't see, I don't understand the question because that's been the nature of how we've been competing in these markets, especially with regard to both the public and private markets.
John F. Milligan: I'm not going to comment on that because I've been advised by counsel that we can't comment on future product launches and how we would react to them. So I can't say anything.
John F. Milligan: Jim, the answer is no. We're not considering splitting up the company. And while it looks good in the world of Wall Street from a multiples perspective, I think it's an economically and financially a bad idea for the company. So we are committed to growing the company. We're committed to our field of NASH. We're committed to growing that HIV field. And we are going to continue to accelerate our pipeline through acquisitions and whatnot over the course of the year. This is a challenging situation. I understand it. We understand it. And we're here somewhat reporting the news to you of what the world of HCV looks like as it's declining faster this year than we would have predicted last year. And we're dealing with it through our strength of our balance sheet, through the cash flow we'll have at HCV, so that we can get the company back to growth. But at this point, I'm not going to give you a point in time when that's going to happen.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Geoff. It's Kevin. Let me take the PrEP. Thank you for asking it. I just want to repeat that we now have deployed a small but very focused PrEP team around the country. It's very much in urban areas. And we do hope that we can support PrEP education along the lines, as I said, of the likes of San Francisco. Right now, there is fairly good payer coverage in the United States for PrEP. It's largely through the commercial payers, and they see the benefit. So largely the patient groups that are currently using PrEP have good coverage. Obviously, we're going to take it into a wider audience, so we'll have to make sure that we get perhaps some of the public payers onboard with support for PrEP. Generally in Europe, it's government reimbursed. A year ago we had France give us coverage, and we have about 3,000 patients now on the medication in France. And we're starting to see other governments come out. The UK came out with a statement fairly recently on providing support for PrEP. So we're seeing some momentum starting to build outside Europe. The other thing I would just very quickly say about PrEP that we see as an important signal of adoption is that we're seeing more persistency of treatment for the PrEP patient. In other words, they are getting repeated bottles month after month, in some ways rather like an HIV patient. So that's encouraging that it's starting to become established and routinely used for its preventative benefits in patients.
Kevin B. Young: Brian, I'll probably ask Jim to help me a little bit with a very good question. You can see from slide 24, we deliberately broke out the U.S., the EU5, Japan. There are very similar dynamics going on here. In fact, if you look deeper into the EU5, again, irrespective of the type of healthcare system, there is this decline going on. It is more profound in Japan, and I tried to describe that effect. So these are our best estimates, Brian. We've taken into account some of the trends we see through prescriptions. We've tried to listen to some of the public payers like the VA. The VA don't publish their data on treatment starts, so we just really got to sense how they're doing in terms of moving through their patients. We obviously also take judgments on the opening of access from a Medicare/Medicaid point of view. It has been relatively slow. We have blocked together the competition, the share, and the treatment generation, bearing in mind that slide 23, that is total around Europe, so it takes into account all competitive dynamics. But perhaps, Jim, you may have one or two questions on how we think about this.
Kevin B. Young: I'd also just add, Brian, we're still very, very confident in the profile of the two options that we have for hepatitis C. Harvoni is still a tremendous product. I would just add that it's about 50% now of the patients that are using eight weeks of Harvoni in genotype 1. And as you've seen from the numbers, there's been tremendous uptake of Epclusa in the genotype 2 and 3 patients.
Kevin B. Young: Hi, Robyn. It's Kevin. Let me start, and maybe perhaps one or two of my colleagues might chip in here. This market's been full of surprises. It surprises on the way up, I think, Robyn, and it surprised us in some ways on these dynamics we see coming down the other side. So it's the kind of market that in some ways we take one year at a time. We're almost learning as we're going along. And we have tried, particularly Jim and myself, but we've tried every way to look at this market. We have vast amounts of data, but what we're always doing is forecasting with no backbone of chronic patients. So it's all about how you just judge the starts. So what we've got here in 2017 is really our very, very best estimates. We've put them out there, and it's difficult for us really to go beyond this coming year.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Matthew. Let me make a start and again, you'll get some other views from around the table. I do want to go back to HIV. It's going really, really well. I mean if you look at our results, year on year we were up 17% in HIV and other antivirals and adding nearly $2 billion of revenues to the company. Now a large part of that came from the U.S. And as you see from slide 22, we are predicting anywhere between $0.9 billion and $1.2 billion of growth from the U.S. I don't know whether you picked up on my comment, but we already have 37% of treated HIV, Gilead-treated HIV patients on tap, which in a year is really a remarkable achievement. And it's our intention that we continue that growth and that momentum for Genvoya. So I really want to emphasize that. Yes, we have an interesting dynamic, as John pointed out, in Europe coming up with the loss of the TDF patent in July. But I have to say that Europe is a kind of a mosaic of countries at different points in the TAF launch. So we'll just have to see how that event comes through. Now in terms of HCV, we would like to see a lot more access in Medicaid states, but that has been slow. We would certainly like to see access way improving, which we think a lot of patients could be cured. And we talk a lot to our government affairs team about that. Fibrosis scores are now in some ways opened in Europe. We still have some challenges around Southern Europe, Italy and Spain, but generally that's not a barrier. Geographically, I think we're doing well around the world. We are thinking about a small build-out in China for the private market, but that really would be a 2018 and beyond effect. So what we have today, I think, is a really thriving HIV business. And as John has said, we are excited about bictegravir and we've got these interesting dynamics around HCV. And I concur entirely with Jim. We're going to continue to support HCV with a great deal of enthusiasm because there are still a lot of affected patients, and we'd like to bring them into care. And we have such an efficient operating model that we can do that.
Kevin B. Young: Michael, just very quickly, I had a comment. Again, I said it earlier, we've used our best efforts. We've shared I think pretty much all our data that we have with you today. So we've really used our best efforts on trending, on the various payer buckets of patients. I would highlight on the slide that we've supplied on patient starts, there is the call-out of the 20,000 patients that was the uplift in 2016. So in total it was 231,000 patients but there was an uplift of 20,000. So whilst 2017 seems a big step down, it's not as great when you take into account the uplift that took place in 2016.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Alethia. It's Kevin. Generally, and this is a general statement, switches are the dynamic part of HIV. It doesn't matter whether it's the U.S. or it's Europe. So generally, that's where the action is, if you like, in the HIV market. I do want to repeat my comment of earlier, Alethia, that we've got different countries at different stages of the TAF rollout. And that will have some impact on what happens if and when we see generics start to enter the various countries, because of course, whilst we aggregate for our results and aggregate for our comments, Europe is this whole, whole series of different countries. We're getting tremendous uptake of TAF in the early launch markets. I think you can see the chart we put in of Germany, which is just absolutely tremendous. Descovy as well, by the way, even better than Genvoya, we have a lot of separate components in Germany. It just happens to be less of a STR market. So Germany's going great. Spain's going great. I think Jim and I have very high hopes for TAF in France, which is just this past week. So I think you've got a little bit of a picture to paint, and we'll just have to see how that emerges around the event that we've highlighted and we've been realistic about that versus how TAF in its various forms is adopted.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Ying. It's Kevin. Just to address your second question, I really do hope we've been helpful with slide 23 to break out both the starts and three of the elements, which is pricing, market share, and duration. We won't go any further on the latter bucket. We believe we've really put our foot forward and tried to be helpful. But please bear in mind that slide 23 is the whole world of Gilead. There's Europe in there. There's Japan in there. There's the U.S. in there. So it's a whole basket of multiple dynamics around competition and duration.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Phil, in terms of hepatitis C, difficult to ever know what a competitor does. From what we can see of the data, it is a step up in terms of competition. But I'd like to just repeat what I said earlier. We have a heck of an offering in Harvoni and Epclusa. We've maintained very, very healthy market shares to date, I think probably exceeding what many, many people thought we would do. So we'll continue to be very active and believe that we have the best options. The contracts for the U.S. are 12-month contracts for 2017, so it's probably largely or more a 2018 type of event.
Kevin B. Young: Hey, Josh. We're not hearing you too well. We had a little bit of interference, so we hope you've got the questions. So the PrEP, the PrEP, Descovy, Norbert, in terms – or Andrew in terms of the Phase 3 studies, perhaps you can give a comment on that and we'll come back to the other question.
Kevin B. Young: And, Josh, in terms again, I think I'd come back to my earlier comments. We are taking one year at a time. I do hope, again, whilst you may not be satisfied with perhaps some numbers we've put out there, Josh, we really have put our best foot forward and given you all the data, virtually as much as we know. So we're almost as intrigued by this market as you are, and we're doing our very best to try and model it. And by putting out the 2017 numbers, we hope that is helpful. 2018 will be what it will be when we get there.
Kevin B. Young: Great questions, Katherine, and I'll let Jim take the VA. Right now, in terms of payer mix, and it's been fairly steady for the last three quarters, about 45% of our HCV patients are coming from the public and about 55% from the commercial Medicare Part D. So that would be I think the rule of thumb. Obviously, that moves around depending on the very thing that you've raised, which is the VA. And I'll let Jim comment on the VA.
Kevin B. Young: Katherine, if I could just jump in there. We have no real hard data from the VA. Our type of feel for the VA is through conversations. As Jim said, it's been very, very impressive. And you got to give the VA credit. So again, the slope, the times are very, very difficult for us to get specific on.
Kevin B. Young: Hey Brian. There is some very nice growth. Again, I direct you back to the slide on Genvoya, Descovy, Odefsey in Germany, which is those lines that I'm absolutely delighted with. And again, I repeat that our teams, whether it be here in the U.S. or around the globe, are really executing at a high level. I would simply say that the block that you're looking at on slide 22 does include a mix of our TDF products. So it's Viread it is also Truvada, because I think as you might know, the FTC patent predates the TDF patent in Europe. So there is the potential for effect not only on pure Viread, but on Truvada.
James R. Meyers: I would just reiterate what Kevin said that the biggest impact of course is patient starts, and that's what we're seeing. It's across all of the different segments in the U.S. and really across all global markets. Whenever there's a competitive entrant, historically there has been some level of magnitude. It varies by competition on both price and share. So that is factored in here. Again, there are multiple launches later this year. It's not just a competitor. We have a launch later this year. We don't expect formularies to change. That really happens with payers in the fourth quarter in the U.S. But all of this is taken into account in that bucket that you see on slide 23. But again, I can't say enough how much the primary driver is the dynamic we're seeing in patient starts.
James R. Meyers: And maybe one final comment, Robyn, just would be that's why we continue to invest in direct-to-patient initiatives and disease awareness campaigns, because even if it is a slightly different profile of patient that's coming into care, they're ultimately all going to need treatment, or the vast majority are. So we need to continue to invest in that to ensure that there is a steady flow of patients for many years in the future.
James R. Meyers: I would agree, Kevin. And just maybe one, to build on one thing you said around PrEP earlier. As Kevin had said, we already have 110,000 patients on PrEP. Nearly twice that many have ever been exposed, and again that's before what Kevin had mentioned, the deployment of a 40-person prevention specialist team. And some very targeted direct-to-patient and direct-to-provider advertising that we're going to do. I think as Kevin had mentioned, the vast majority of PrEP prescribing right now is in four or five cities where the awareness is very high. The area where HIV is, people are at highest risk of contracting HIV right now is in underserved, inner city areas. If you're an African-American MSM, your lifetime risk of HIV right now contracting it, is one in two. So we're going to have people in areas like, in epicenters, New Orleans, Baltimore, DC, Newark, Oakland, areas that we haven't been before. But also doing that through targeted advertising, and particularly trying to get at populations that don't engage in healthcare. So we'll be using social media and dating sites and Tumblr and Snapchat and things like that, that are much better, are much more I would say likely media to reach this type of population. So we are bullish on, particularly in the U.S., the potential upside of PrEP as well. And again, there was an earlier question about the payers. I think the one thing that I believe payers are starting to see is if we can reduce the – if we can prevent HIV from occurring, ultimately that's going to bring down costs of treatment. And that's a lifetime cost of treatment. So again, that's one of the messages that we communicate as well when it comes to PrEP.
James R. Meyers: I agree, Kevin. And I would just add, just having been over there, that we're not seeing any delay really in any of the reviews of TAF right now. And again, I think that's important. The generic impact will largely be limited to the compounds coming off patent. So it will be Viread, which is little used, Truvada, which is in the early launch markets decreasingly used, and then ultimately Atripla. It will have less if any impact on Stribild and Complera and hardly any impact on the TAF products once they're listed. So that's the whole key that Kevin said was we're at various stages of rollout, but once we get those products listed, it's a 2017 with dynamics moving in a couple different directions. But once we get beyond that and we have the full TAF launch, we see this as a very sustainable growth driver for the company.
James R. Meyers: Yeah, no, sure. I just would first say that no single entity has done a better job of identifying patients and getting them linked to care and treated than the VA and I think they're a model for the other sectors out there. They have treated a higher percentage of diagnosed patients than any other sector. So they're actually ahead of the non-VA population. And we're seeing similar dynamics within the VA as we are outside of the VA and we do expect a lower rate of treatment because of that in 2017. And because the VA is actually ahead of the non-VA population, we would expect that VA patient starts would represent a decreasing percentage of Gilead HCV patient starts in 2017 compared to what they've represented over the last several years. So again, the vast majority of diagnosed veterans are going to get treated. I can't tag an exact date on that, but they're doing a great job and funding has not been an issue.
James R. Meyers: And recall as well, it's a year in which we're going to have launches throughout the year of the TAF portfolio. So this is the combined picture of both growth and generic impact for 2017. Moving forward as we said, with the launch of the full TAF portfolio, including bicteg, we expect this to be a growth driver globally for us.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Geoff. So thanks for the questions. I mean, to your first question regarding R&D expense, yes, there is opportunity to do some deal and add incremental R&D expense to get us back to levels commensurate with last year that we've thought about. But more importantly than just the year, we've kind of thought about that relative to some of the actions we've looked at or thought about relative to our overall portfolio and our allocation across the various therapeutic areas that we support. So I'm not going sit here and guarantee that we wouldn't increase R&D expense. We will to do the right thing and get new product in the acquisition market, but there is some opportunity there to absorb some of that. And relative to tax rate, yes, when we started with hep C, we kind of gave these ratios which don't necessarily work on the way down. But I think one of the clear drivers with the delta in tax rate here is the fact that, as outlined in our guidance slide, a lot of the growth in HIV is coming from the U.S. So you're seeing more of our revenues be U.S.-driven which have a higher tax rate as well as less hep C, which again takes the tax rate up. So it's a balance, again, highly dependent on patient starts which is the primary driver across things. So if you see more patient starts and higher hep C revenue, you'd see us on the lower end of tax guidance.
Robin L. Washington: Mark, I'll chime in on your debt to EBITDA question. I mean, I think we've been fairly thoughtful particularly dealing with the rating agencies and in thinking about debt levels that we feel very comfortable that we can support acquisitions and increase our debt to EBITDA. Most importantly because given our cash flows, which we expect to continue for a very long time, we can easily delever over time with our existing therapeutic area franchises. And this is totally exclusive of any potential tax changes, or particularly if there were repatriation. That would make all that even simpler. So we feel comfortable that from an asset standpoint that we could support any type of acquisition that we'd need to do to support Gilead's growth.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Mike. It's Robin. I'll start and then I'll have the commercial team chime in. I wouldn't say that our philosophy around guidance has changed year to year. And I think what we've tried to do is to be very transparent, but we're cognizant of the fact that given what you've heard in our commentary, that we expect HCV market patient starts to go down. The reality of it is, is exactly how that will happen and when is still very difficult for us to really hone in on, hence the wide variability in our HCV guidance relative to our non-HCV guidance where we do have much more predictability given that it's a chronic market. So I wouldn't say there's over conservatism built in. I mean, there's always some conservatism built into guidance but I wouldn't characterize the way we've guided here to be different than we have in the past.
Robin L. Washington: So, Ying, it's Robin. I'll start with your first question. I think relative to the ranges, first just the one thing I want to mention on SG&A is it's going up primarily because of the Branded Prescription Drug Fee. And even with HCV revenues going down, we ended up with an IRS credit in 2016. So the comparator makes it look like it's going up. Across the board, as I said and John mentioned, I think we remain operationally efficient and do have leverage. Obviously, our operating margins have been very high, driven by our revenue. But we never really grew our company to the rate that our revenues grew. So we do feel we have operational leverage. And even if you look at some of the things we're investing in, in 2016 in SG&A and R&D, they were done by other things we've chosen not to invest in. So we'll continue to be able to currently make the necessary trade-offs, absent M&A, we think to remain efficient and focus on operational excellence.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Thanks, Cory, for the question. I thought this earnings call might end without ever anybody asking me a question, so thanks for the question.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So the design of the study was very similar to Phase 3. It's dolutegravir versus bictegravir given with F/TAF. And our Phase 3 study is the same design but using the single TAF/F regimen instead of the individual component. And then the dose that was actually used for bictegravir is it gives you the same exposure as the Phase 2 dose. So the Phase 3 dose is the same exposure as the Phase 2 dose. There was some slight drug interaction when you co-formulated the bictegravir into a single TAF/F regimen.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: And of course, by the way, the other Phase 3 study, there are four Phase 3 studies. The other controlled Phase 3 study, a single TAF/F regimen versus single TAF/F regimen which is bictegravir F/TAF versus Triumeq. And then there are two switch studies.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Phil, so the first question about the doublet, keep in mind, what we haven't seen here is the efficacy of the doublet in a whole spectrum of HIV patient populations, particularly those with high viral load. Those have been excluded until now. And until and unless we see that it is really useful across all viral load spectrum, it's really difficult to say what competition that will be. But having that said, if it is efficacious and if it is dissimilar to triple, single-tablet regimens, then it will be a competitor to ours.
