Kevin Young: Good afternoon Geoff, it’s Kevin here. As described by Robin and as we said out front in our fourth quarter results, we did have significant purchase ahead of demand at year end and that’s reflected in our performance in the first quarter. Now of course, these purchases that’s sub-hosting a level, sometimes smaller wholesalers AGAP VA, tend to favor the very high volume antiviral products. So primarily Truvada followed by Atripla and some Viread. So you can see there was less effects and extremely good growth in our new single-tablet regimen as you point out, Complera and Stribild. But when people typically buy-in whether that be commercial buyers or whether that be federal buyers, they typically go for the large volume items that move very quickly. And hence that’s, first and foremost, Truvada and secondly, Atripla.
Kevin Young: Hey, Wes, it’s Kevin here. Thanks for the questions. We’re still honing the number of patients currently under care from active HCV treatise and I think that’s something that as we get towards launch that we can talk a little bit more about. It’s obviously a very, very key figure. I think we’re going to able to get that with some more data that we’re collecting. There isn’t a really high quality database in HCV like we’ve had for a number of years with (inaudible) it’s called in HIV and we are working quite hard to try and develop that. So we want to make sure the quality of the data is good before we really firm up that number. In terms of launching, the nice thing is that we’re going to be able to launch Sofosbuvir with either riba or peg/riba in three genotypes. I think there maybe some opinion leaders who are really on the cusp and particularly involved in the clinical studies who might wait for the all oral. But our sense is that 12 weeks with interferon is a great step change to what they have today. And I think we expect the physicians will get on and treat their patients particularly when the need is high, when they have more advanced disease. So we certainly think that, that 12-weeks with PEG-riba is very attractive and we’re going to be fully promoting them as well. So it’s not as though Gilead is going to be holding back at all.
Kevin Young: Hey, Yaron, it’s Kevin. So let me go back a little bit historically. So in heyday of PEG-Intron and Pegasys, there was something close to about 150,000 patients treated per year in the U.S. that’s our Gilead estimation. Pre the introduction of the new purchases that drop down into about the 60,000 level, as you say, it’s kickback up, we think in totality it’s about 100,000 when you think about old genotypes and old treatment approaches in 2012. And we think it can head back to that [circa] 150,000 level once we’ve had the new agents, not just Gilead’s, but all the new agents onto the market and we certainly think, because historically Europe at 150,000 that there is the capacity there. We’re going to be taking GS-7977 not only to current HCV prescribers, but we are going to be try to broaden that into the more general gastro and of course into some of the physicians in the infectious disease setting. So I think it’s reasonable to presume that we can certainly go back to the levels of treating patients with that at the top of the pegylated interferon treatment days.
Kevin Young: Hey, Jeff, it’s Kevin. As you can imagine, I can’t get too specific on the direction of the question.
Kevin Young: We’ve got a lot of considerations, I think actually a lot of good considerations to go through in our pricing descriptions here being ready for launch. Obviously, there is the spread from (inaudible) today just on its on $60,000 and then obviously up to circa $90,000 when you add in peg/riba certainly for the genotype 1. So we’ve got – we’ve got to consider that. We got to consider Europe versus the U.S. and then with our latest news and of course is just phase 2 data, we wanted reproduced in phase 3. We’ve got the additional very exciting possibility of an 8 week treatment course. So we’re going to take all of those into consideration. I can’t really be anymore specific than that, but pretty exciting alternatives that we’ve got there.
Kevin Young: Hi, Jim, it’s Kevin here. No, we’re not doing anything active, if you like, in the external market at the moment. We are concentrating on all our planning around building our field force and then activities, educational activities in and around the launch, so that’s really where our focus is. There maybe options for us immediately pre-launch, but I think we are a great believer at Gilead that if you have very high quality day turn, you have a good package inserts, then you are in good shape to educate at the time of launch and always when you get our approval, so all our work right now is internal to the company.
Kevin Young: And I’d just add, Jason, in terms of building out our operating affiliate, the good thing here is that it will be a very targeted operation. We don’t intend taking our HIV products back. We have a very good partnership right now with Japan Tobacco we are going to continue that run into the future. So this is going to be a very specific build out, first and foremost, the hepatitis C launch and then of course we’ll have a wonderful opportunity to add our oncology products on to that, because all of those will be available to launch Gilead in the Japanese market.
Kevin Young: It’s a good question, Ravi. I think it’s a bit of both. There certainly was, I think, the treated capacity there, the physician willingness, the physician number and the ability in terms of timing that practice to do it. If you look at the slope that eventually gets to the (inaudible) which is 2010 before the two new protease came out, it’s fairly steep and I think that demonstrates the challenges around delivering 24 to 48 weeks of interferon. I do think the practices got kind of used to it as we know many patients couldn’t either start or indeed just couldn’t do it even by motivated patients. So I think I do believe the capacity is there. I think the current standard at the time just became too much of a burden.Ravi Mehrotra – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Thank you.
Kevin Young: Hey, Terence, it’s Kevin. I think it’s beyond us to predict what physicians will do when there are a number of alternatives, obviously, we’ll be promoting according to our label with pegylated interferon and ribavirin 1 and then in twos and threes just with ribavirin. The one sort of experienced comment I would give you is, I do think it tends to be the opinion leaders who might experiment. Obviously, again, as I said earlier, they are on the cutting edge and they often worked with several of the compounds in development. So I think if there is any mix or matching of agents, I think it will be primarily in the tier centers, lessen the general gastro office.
Unidentified Company Representative: So, Jeff, with regards to the other question, there was nothing really remarkable about safety. I think you know in the placebo control study of sofosbuvir, there was really – the safety was very similar to placebo and adding 585 to that doesn’t change it in anyway. The other thing you asked is there anything remarkable, the answer is no, we just had one relapse. But I have you tell you, I again have to emphasize, this is in my mind the first time that in oral regimen is tested in a severely difficult to treat population, we have both previous PI failures and cirrhotic patients 22 of them and if you just look at that cohort 12 weeks of treatment with or without ribavirin cured 20 of them. One was is a relapse and one was lost to follow up. So it’s 21 out of 22 or 20 out of 22 depending on how you count. It’s pretty remarkable.
Unidentified Company Representative: On your question about the VA, just to take one step back VA purchased through our major wholesalers, obviously the major wholesalers we have inventory management agreements, and in both the fourth quarter and first quarter we stayed within those inventory management agreements, but of course we don’t control anything below the major wholesalers, hence the variable VA purchase. In terms of the fourth quarter, it was very sizable well on the way to be almost a double quarter. I don’t know whether they were buying because they were worried about 2013, and they all of the budget worries, but certainly it was a very sizable purchase. There has been some purchase, but absolutely it’s a minimal level in the first quarter and I think we would expect to go back second and third quarter although we don’t know, but I think we would expect to go back to normality now, fourth and first quarter would kind of almost even out. Typically, we get every quarter central purchase, and then we also get regional purchase from the mail order centers divisions from VA. So I think our general sense is that normality would come back as we move through the year.
Unidentified Company Representative: Regarding the 8 versus 1, so what exactly the package that we’re going to file to (inaudible) is going to look like the paint really on the how fast we can (inaudible) this study. At this point, I can’t tell you what the weight limiting study as it could be IM1 that has a 24 week treatment depending on how fast it involves. So if the – our overall goal would be to (inaudible) tool, lining 3, at the same time – I think it will be a great example as it has an eight weeks data in the later, so we can promote them and price them accordingly.Michael J. Yee – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, can you just confirm that you can get drugs approved even with a 43 outstanding or you just – okay.
Unidentified Company Representative: So we might have an – well, it’s not of course we haven’t been informed about it or anything, you might have seen it’s public information there is one schedule demand of our Advisory Committee meeting end of October (inaudible), and typically no wouldn’t be surprised, if we have one because it’s the first TAF compound but again we know at this point whether it will move apart.Brian Abrahams – Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, good question, Robin, I will try and break it down a little bit. We are pleased with the progress of Complera and Stribild, nearly $200 million in the quarter was really great progress. One thing that wasn’t in the script, Complera is now the number two regimen of all regimen, so number one is, Atripla, and number two is now Complera, which is pretty impressive. Actually Eviplera is the number three regimen in new patients in our early launch markets of the UK, France, and Germany, so we’re very pleased with how these new STRs are coming through. And as you say, they have an effect on the mix of our HIV problem specifically Truvada and Atripla. We are seeing as you can see from the pie chart some switch from Atripla particular with Complera, because that’s an NNRTI switch. And I think about Stribild is, I think really for the first time we are starting to see a conversion of the protease inhibitor market, and I would say probably that’s the older protease inhibitors, but I think you’re now starting to see us trend away from the protease inhibitor products. I should add that, we don’t have a switch label we promote Complera and Stribild for new patients, but you can see that about two-thirds of patients are coming from Switch. So I think there will be a gradual kind of takedown of Atripla, but probably a little bit more of a steeper conversion of the Truvada patients, because Truvada is used a lot with the protease inhibitor, and the Integrase inhibitor, the integrity of patients. So you can see that conversion going as well.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I mean we’ve got complete coverage of both COMPLERA and STRIBILD. STRIBILD was very quick after launch in an ADAP which now got freedom to using the VA actually was recently out on a field visit in the VA, in the VA center. What’s nice about STRIBILD in the VA is that protease inhibitors are often being used quite extensively because of the cycle social complications of the veteran patients. So we’d would like to think that STRIBILD would do quite well in offsetting.
Unidentified Company Representative: In terms of regarding their second Phase II study that’s six months behind the first study and the reason is as you mean – if you use integrated inhibitors, the time to undertake stability is extremely fast, whereas if you use proteins, it takes much longer. You can’t use it 24 week end point beaches people who have not have reached undetectable yet, they really have to go out to 48 weeks. Why that is, I don’t know. But that’s the observation.Terence Flynn – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: Waylon’s, yeah I absolutely know it. And so Waylon’s is actually a different study. Waylon’s is exactly, in phenotype 2 that uses so fast, that be ribavirin, even for 12 weeks in genotype 2 and 24 weeks in genotype 3. But we have another study ongoing with Eric Lawitz. I think it’s called [low start] 2, if I’m not mistaken and that study will actually look at pink, Riba, sofosbuvir for 12 weeks in phenotype 2 and 3. And I have to look up what the – so the Waylan’s data should become available sometime later this year and the LONESTAR tool data (inaudible) I don’t know what the exact timelines are.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, so Josh, obviously we asked this to ourselves and after thinking about it we always come to the conclusion there is no need for a panel, but if you – since you asked me the question, I think the real only open question that one can debate is what’s the optimal treatment duration in genotype 3. It’s not 12 weeks. It’s probably more. It’s 16 weeks and it’s even more than that. Unfortunately, the data that we’ll have to support anything other than 12 weeks or 16 weeks will be limited to none. So that’s the only thing I can really think of, and maybe there was even some other discussion about specific labeling, you know what recommendation do you make into label for somebody who is genotype 3 and say all these things like that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I’d also as a non-scientist might add Norbert that there could well be some discussions well around specific populations like the current infected like the liver transplant patient as well. Yeah, I’ve mentioned that will be of a great interest to the (inaudible).Josh E. Schimmer – Lazard Capital Markets LLC:  Great. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: Alan, I think we probably think about the proxy of HIV and you’ve got to take general recommendations kind of a CDC level or NIH level. They’ve got to work their way down into the real office situation. So I think it’s going to take a while for them to become common practices as we’ve seen with testing for HIV. I do think one thing that will be helpful when we launched and a number of other companies are bringing new products to markets is I think the general news about the opportunity to cure HCV will get out there and I think that’s going to raise the awareness and I think that’s probably going to have a mobilizing effect on certain patient categories to be asking around having their HCV treated. So, I think there is some opportunities, but generally we find that it’s a gradual effect to transfer a federal guidance into real life office mechanics.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Mark, I would like to add something, we talked obviously to a lot of KOLs, people that treat a lot of hepatitis C patients, and they told us when we ask the patients, they will tell you that 12-weeks is very acceptable to them, whereas if you would tell them, it’s 24 or possibly depending on what response that it’s still be even 48 weeks, that’s a lot less emotionally acceptable.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah. So Matt, I’ll answer the first question, those data were still emerging, but the reason why we feel comfortable that 8-weeks is probably the lower limit for particular discombination, ledipasvir comes number one modeling studies that we ourselves have done in the quantum energy. You may remember that was a study that was interrupted kind of in the middle and some people had reached 6 weeks, others had 9 weeks. And clearly, if you model that, and all the biodynamics, it’s easily admissible that 8-weeks is the limit and the other things. This was independently confirmed. There was a paper end of last year by posts, very interesting. He came to the same conclusion that eight weeks is probably the limit. You may have also seen there was another presentation by [epochl.com], they modeled their own regimen they came to the conclusion that 12 weeks is probably the limit.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So Yaron, just to be clear, it’s actually a three-step comparison and this is statistically gated analysis, the first comparison is you’ve compared to 12-week on to a historically control of 60% and the assumption is going to be superior. If that’s the case, you do the second comparison 12-week versus the two 8-weeks, the margin is 8% and the third comparison is the (inaudible) as you’ll remember what margin they were. So it’s called a gated step-wise statistical analysis approach. And again the assumption is we’re going to beat the 60% is going on control.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So Marshall, it’s really what – I have to say we’re very excited about the data and on the other hand all that you have say is, it’s more numbers. And that’s the reason why we’re repeating the drugs study in the bigger, larger 600 patients and clearly we would have to do a larger study in cirrhotic patients that we’ve answered a question to ribavirin or not. As I said we have one single rate (inaudible) and that was on ribavirin continuing on, but you can’t really make any conclusion on the name of one. And secondly, so the data that we’re seeing on Idelalisib is encouraging, but as you might expect, it’s still emerging particularly the duration of response data it’s a capital admire approach and of course the longer you follow patients the more clearer it becomes what the duration of respond is, but we will initiate a process if the data continued to look good to talk to regulatory authorities about the acceptability of the volume. We will do that again if the data holds up.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, so just to be clear, we’re doing a number of things in genotype 3. So, I mentioned already, we’re going to extend treatment duration with sofosbuvir riba to 24 weeks. We’re also doing a peg/riba sofosbuvir for 12-week regimen and all in various cohorts. And we're also testing right now in ELECTRON in a total of 50 patients the sofosbuvir/ledipasvir fixed-dose combination. Again, based on purely virological consideration, I would expect that that should be suboptimal, but you shouldn't be too smart in this business, you never know. But if that fails, then we would of course do 5816 sofosbuvir fixed-dose combination in genotype 3. I'm sure that will take care of it and we will get response rates that are comparably high to what we're getting right now in genotype 1 with sofosbuvir/ledipasvir. And Robin…
