John Martin: Thank you Patrick and thanks everyone for joining us today. Paul and Robin will elaborate on our commercial and financial results in just a moment. I would like to first comment on our HIV and HCV development programs. Our newest antiretroviral agent TAF which is under review as part of multiple products for the treatment of HIV has a superior safety profile compared to TDF. This is important because most newly diagnosed patients would now be treated for decades and at the same time many HIV infected individuals who are in treatment particularly in the U.S. and Europe are advancing NIH. It has also become clear that upon diagnosis HIV patients should immediately begin treatment; this point was driven home by the presentation of the NIH-sponsored start study results last week at the International AIDS Society Conference called IAS in Vancouver, and the concurrent publication of results in the New England Journal of Medicine. The start trial was a two arm randomized study in which patients with CD4 count counts of greater than 500 were randomized to immediate treatment versus deferred treatment until their CD4 count had declined to 350. The study was stopped after it was apparent that there was a clear net benefit in the immediate treatment. For patients facing decades of therapy it's a profile of task suggest that it will be view favorably as a new treatment option. We now have three TAF containing products under review. Two single tablet regimens and a TAF and emtricitabine co-formulated tablet. Important data from Gilead study 109 were presented last week at IAS. Study 109 is an open label clinical trial with more than 1,400 biologically suppressed patients. Who are randomized to switch from a TDF containing regimen to E/C/F/TAF or to remaining on their TDF containing therapies. The study made its primary endpoint and shows statistical superiority of E/C/F/TAF in terms of proportion of patients with HIV R&A less than 50 copies per meal at week 48. The study also demonstrated statistically significant improvement in bone and renal laboratory parameters. E/C/F/TAF is poised to be the first half based regimen on the market with an FDA PDUFA date of November 5, and regulatory decision expected in Europe before year-end. Our second TAF single tablet regimen or F/TAF was submitted for FDA review earlier this month. We're using our Priority Review Voucher which shortens review by four months and means that expected FDA action date in March of 2016. Submission of a regulatory file application for R/F/TAF EU is planned for the third quarter. In the developing world more than 30 million people are living with HIV and nearly 8 million now receive TDF based treatment regimens. The switch data presented at IAS and overall safety profile of TAF make it an important option for these patients and Gilead has already licensed the technology to our generic manufacturing partners with the goal of expediting access as soon as initial regulatory approvals are received. Turning briefly to HCV since the approval of Sovaldi in December 2013 approximately 470,000 patients globally have initiated treatment with Sovaldi or Harvoni. The rapid uptake and utilization of these medicines is a testament to the fact that the real world safety and efficacy parallels the results obtained in our controlled clinical studies. Three supplemental new drug applications for Harvoni were submitted to FDA last quarter, each of which has been granted priority review. If approved these applications will expand the indicated use for Harvoni to include HCV, HIV co-infected patients, patients with genotypes 4, 5, or 6 and treatment experiencing cirrhotic patients. A decision from FDA for each of these three sNDA is expected by November 15. In closing I would like to thank Gilead's dedicated employees for their tireless efforts and collaboration with our partners to develop new therapies and deliver them to people around the world. I will now turn the call over to Paul.
John Martin: The data that we have on intense to prescribe. We've seen that in this quarter the data we have the intend to prescribe was about 55% of prescription where F0 through F2. Now we actually don’t believe that nearly that many prescriptions were actually filled. By the definition of intend to prescribe is prescription that have actually been written not necessarily filled. So there is still a lot of restriction in place in the United States and I think this is the variable which really will influence the number of patients that we see being treated or the rates of number of patients been treated in the rest of the year and through the next few years. So clearly what we're hoping is those restrictions start to unwind somewhat, we're encouraged by a couple of things so we're encouraged that the number of people been treated for eight weeks and genotype 1 patients has started to increase that’s now at about 40% of Harvoni prescription. So that kind of implies that less sick patients have been treated and we also hope that as I said in my script starts to provide some encouragement to payers in terms of value as they think about curing patients. But we'll have to sort of wait and see over time how these restrictions unfold. I do think that as the market starts to become a bit more predictable now in terms of the numbers of patients coming through that the hopefully payers will also feel more encouraged to sort of open the gate slightly.
John Martin: We don't think as many patients in the U.S. will be treated for hepatitis C is in the first half and the reason for that really is not that we feel that profoundly patient numbers are being treated less than that, but we did see a very big spike in quarter one as I mentioned in the script because there was such a warehouse of patients waiting and people really needed to be treated waiting for interferon free Harvoni to come along. And I do think that we should put in perspective Harvoni really did change everything for patients waiting for treatment. And to give some context to that, in quarter four last year Gilead treated about 45,000 patients. In quarter two we just had treated over 60,000 patients, and that -- and as two data points but that’s a 40% increase in patients. So we don't feel that the overall trend is this market is going down and down, but we did have this very big spike in quarter one and we don't see that that’s going to be repeated in the U.S. during the rest of the year.  And we’re still subject to how the restrictions by payers play out in the rest of this year, so I think we've been fairly conservative in our view, we also have the VA situation which is well publicized where the VA is depleted funds at the moment, we've already seen VA purchase drop off towards the end of quarter two. Our assumption is that those purchase will start to come back again when their fund hope to get -- that bucket of funds gets filled hopefully from October, so we've taken that into consideration. And then outside of the U.S. we've got various dynamics going on. And as I said country-by-country in Europe we’re launching Harvoni and we’re seeing somewhat like the U.S. kind of early spike in volumes as these people who are very sick and really need immediate treatment do get treated. And then it started to stable off. We also see in Europe budget ceilings, the level of treatment in some of the countries is so high at the moment that we do recognize this budget ceilings maybe reached and we’re taking fairly conservative view of that as well. Then we have Japan I touched on we’re off to a good start but still a lot of uncertainty as the how our launch is go a very encouraged Sovaldi posted the only product interferon free GT2 patients, Harvoni has had incredible 100% FBR clinical data to support its filing for GT1 patients and we should hope to get pricing agreed in the next couple of months. So we’re excited about Japan. But I think overall we’re taking a fairly conservative view U.S. is still the big market for us and we’re recognizing that the second half is probably going to be smaller than the first half, that’s how we’re thinking about it. Going into 2016, we hope all the efforts that we’re putting into increasing diagnosis, increasing linkage to just to -- just to cast off too -- we're putting a linkage cure now, because our SVR rates really are so high in real life starts to play out and we’re see that still a lot of patients in the U.S. in Europe around other countries in the world to be treated, we've only touched that top of the iceberg and I should mention countries like Canada, Australia, some of the Asian countries that will be coming on stream in the next year or so.
John Martin: We don’t know for sure yet whether the U.S has actually stabilized but we have a sense that directionally it will stabilize and it will stop to grow as the payer restriction start to get loosen up. I mean we feel very clear about that we mentioned the VA of now VA should start to come back on three I think in the fourth quarter. And we will see a gradual shift that makes the payers in the U.S I think slightly towards the public payers, year-to-date we're about 70 to 30 public and Medicare to private Medicare to the public payers, and we would anticipate that might grow to 60, 40 let's say in the second half of the year. So I'm not sure I've answered your question really but….
John Martin: Yes the Medicaid population will start to come out. Our competitors have exclusive access to some Medicaid we have to other, Harvoni is patient in Medicaid around about 34 states have signed deals with to make Harvoni available that’s about two thirds of the patients covered by Medicaid. So we're getting reasonable access there and as I said I think that mix will start to shift very slightly towards Medicaid during the rest of the year.
John Martin: I think our confidence is high Matthew the restrictions will start to loosen up. The question really is how long will that take? And I think real world evidence is a great help there. So as I said a couple of times we are seeing a numerous studies now being publish and presented which demonstrate that real world data matches or even it better than our clinical data in some cases. So I think it give payers a level of confidence that an expensive investment is worth making and I think that will start to play out. I think also the patient stories and there family stories really do resonate very strongly and when people hear of friends and relatives who been cured in a very simple way and in some cases in a shorter date week. That is a very strong message and a great encouragement. We are hearing stories show you but some patients are actually taking legal actions against their insurers because there insurers are not paying for them, paying for their treatment despite the fact they are insured. So I think it's a whole lot of things gradually put pressure. And as I also mentioned earlier not least as we start getting to slightly more predictable environment without despite of patient that just immediately need treatment and warehousing and so on, once it gets to a more predicted situation this kind of works with the models of the private payers and hopefully again they will feel more confident in opening up restrictions.
John Martin: Cory I'll try on that one We have agreements in place and I think if we look at all the lives in the U.S. about 96% of lives now so the covered have been agreed and Harvoni has access to 83% either as an exclusive or a parity access. I would take the opportunity to just emphasize yet again and the Gilead does not believe in exclusive access, we believe in physicians and their patients having the rights to prescribe whatever they want to prescribe and not been kind of dictated to by payers. So certainly we're not aiming to establish any more kind of exclusivity in a competitive way. So we have agreements in place with most of the payers most of those agreements are multiyear and we hope that we can compete on our products and we think that that's the way it's going, but we will depend on market share vigorously. We have competed before with the competitors want to compete on price and I think the results speak for themselves, so we will consider every scenario and be ready to for it.
John Martin: Yes, Robyn, I would also like to point out that we are pursuing solid tumors we have our MMP9 antibody in gastric cancer pancreatic cancer and lung cancer. So you know there is of course evidence that these compounds do have effect on myeloid derived suppressor cells which is in a way of immuno-oncology as well.
John Martin: I don't think it was anything particular about the Sovaldi, there was a tiny little bit of inventory growth. Sovaldi seems to be in a pretty stable at this point in terms of patient number, so I don't think there was anything special about Sovaldi.
John Martin: Yes, Terrence, the first question on -- it's a mix is the answer to your question. And I hand it over to Norbert.
John Martin: So let's just deal with the U.S. patient number question. I think that we feel that -- I think we feel that the AbbVie fee numbers are little bit low, we’re fairly confident and this depends somewhat as I said on the payers in the second half of the year, whether they open restrictions further or not, and it also to some extent making some assumptions about that VA coming back on stream. But we see no reason why there shouldn't be 250 plus patients treated in the U.S. next year, that total patient not just GT-1 and its total patients not Gilead share. We've said in the past I think we still feel that the capacity in the U.S. to treat HCV patients is around 300,000 we've no reason to believe will be higher than that at this point. So I think in the years going forward we’ll see 250,000 to 300,000 patients being treated in the U.S. and that will even flow somewhat but the main variable would be restriction by payers. And then the European question, well I said that the agreement that we had made with European government taken to consideration ability to pay and that defined by some of the macroeconomic metrics on countries by the prevalence of HCV in those countries, but probably most importantly by the political will of those countries to increase treatment rates above historical level. And so we work with them to agree a kind of volume based rebate structure that encourages high number of patients to treat and we’re seeing those becoming sort of executing now. And as I said in Southern Europe Italy, Spain, Portugal we’re seeing a substantial number of patients being treated. We’re also very aware of the fact that these countries single payer systems do you have finite budgets and the countries have made great efforts to increase those budgets to treat more patients because they do see the value of treating hepatitis C patients. Whether we hit those budgets or not, I can't predict at this moment, but one thing is for sure that either at the rate of patients being treated they allow have to slow down somewhat in some of those countries order have to increase their funding over the next couple of years if they want to keep it treating at the rate they are doing. But anyway we’re greatly encouraged that a lot of patients have being treated and we’re greatly encouraged that the real world data really support that investment in treating patients and we hope that will encourage further increases in budget.
John Martin: Well I think we have to stand back and look at our products and recognize if there is incredible amount of value and incredible amount of innovation. First of Sovaldi then Harvoni and then in what we're calling our wave 3 and wave 4 products. And I think it's that innovation that is our negotiation strength really and I think all payers would like fundamentally to make highly innovative medicines that work incredibly well available to their patient. And so we have to negotiate and come up with terms that work for both sides. But we're very optimistic and we work very hard to keep good contact with the payers across the U.S to make sure that fully aware off and what's coming next and making sure that we’re all on the same page. And so I think we we're quietly confident that we can continue to have strong and good relationships and high levels of excess to all of our medicines and especially our next HCV innovations.
John Milligan: Thank you for that one question. A couple of things so one number where you've talked about valuation of our industry, and we have seen the dramatic growth in the valuation of the lot of companies certainly the small and midcap company. I have to say that it has been a company by some really significant increases innovation and some very interesting and innovative products that have come along as I do think the innovation revolution that we're seeing has driven greater value creations that we've seen in the past and so it's a little hard to say that when a bubble when you've seen some dramatic innovations and I've got a lot of that value to innovate. So that's how I think about it. So the second thing I believe was about what are we going to buy? And so what I -- I think I am going to give you the answer that I usually give which is Gilead is in terrific shape, we've got a very strong work force, we've got a really strong balance sheet. We have great scientific expertise on board so that give us the capability to do a wide range of things as you suggested we could contemplate small deals, we could contemplate larger perhaps in transformative deals. And we're in position to strength we could be fairly selective in terms of the things that we like to do and take our time to make sure that those things that we do choose to do we can execute on them fairly effectively, bring new products to market and continue to grow our top line revenue and EPS and so we'll take all those. And obviously further than that I can't comment specifically on any kinds of targets that would be inappropriate.
John Milligan: Robyn, this is John Milligan. That's a good question, how aggressive you want to be in the certain areas, so it has been fascinating again the rate of innovation that we've seen in the blood cancers space and it has gotten extremely crowded leaving fewer opportunities I think for new products or follow-on products to make headway into this area, so it has got quite crowded. So we're broadening our criteria for the things that we would be interested in and are looking at a wide range of things. I think you've mentioned immuno-oncology specifically we've not called that out specifically as an area of interest also partially due to how crowded it is and certainly in the PD-1, PD-L1 space, but we wouldn't us keep from thinking about areas that were novel and could provide further benefit to patients in those areas. But I don’t know on what scale we can talk about aggression, but I do think it's clear where it's going to be active will be opened to opportunities that can benefit our portfolio and the best we think possible.
John Milligan: And in terms of your question undervalued small midcap stock, I am not into business of giving stock tips to folks but I think I'll continue to decline that.
