Daniel O'Day: Hey Geoff, I'll start and then turn it over to Andy, but thank you very much for the question. I want to be clear that we continue to be on track to meet our goal of oncology representing one-third of our 2030 revenues and that's on top of a growing HIV business overall. I'll just remind the team here that our portfolio is very broad. It's more than doubled since a few years ago in quantity and many-fold on a quality risk-adjusted basis as well. We have novel mechanisms and technologies and approaches across many indications precisely to allow for the fact that not every clinical card is going to turn over favorably. And Andy why don't -- I'll let you add on to that, in terms of what we -- what our initial assumptions were around a third.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks for the question. As I understand it, I think the question is around predictors of response as it relates to the upper GI setting. What I would say is, we of course are following biomarkers. As I mentioned, with TROP2, we are looking for biomarkers of responsiveness to various markers that could predict TIGIT responsiveness. Our interest in the upper GI is of course based on TIGIT expression levels in tumor samples and things like that outside of the clinical trials, but more based on clinical data that we -- that we've seen and others have seen for the efficacy of TIGIT in upper GI tumors. And so we'll of course across the programs be looking for any potential markers for predictive response.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Brian. Well, I mean I think you can imagine, we are looking thoroughly at the data and the trigger for this was a futility analysis centered on overall survival. We will of course update as we generate data and look at all those, we'll make those -- that information publicly available. To your point, the -- we're fairly far along in our AML trials. And as you know, we have some studies going on in solid tumors, and we believe that there are a number of factors that could determine success or failure in these various settings and each of these settings is represented slightly in different biological experiments. So we are going to continue to look broadly at what -- what we've learned from the initial data. We're going to continue to talk with the regulators and the IRBs in the near term and then we'll update you as we proceed down that path with where we're going to go, but we continue our efforts right now, hoping that magrolimab could have an effect in other diseases outside of MDS. MDS is a uniquely challenging indication and we feel -- we were hoping we could bring a benefit to those patients and we're disappointed that we can't do that.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Carter. This gives us a chance for all a chance to hear from Cindy for the first time with Gilead. Cindy, over to you, please.
Daniel O'Day: Yes, that's -- I think you hit the nail on the head. We are moving forward aggressively, not sure we've disclosed the timelines yet, but we're moving forward aggressively with our efforts to move that program into the clinic and as you say, I think a key potential for the -- that PARP inhibitor is in combination with Trodelvy and -- and combining those two agents to hopefully bring better outcomes to patients. So, we will update as we go along. I think things are things are progressing very nicely there.
Daniel O'Day: Terrific. So, this is Dan. I just want to close this call by thanking you all for joining. And maybe just related to some of the enthusiasm of both, the team here in the room and the colleagues throughout Gilead and Kite, we're really seeing continued positive momentum and this is just another quarter of that, related to our strategy that we set out several years ago. I mean the first thing is, the business is performing well and on a consistent basis. This is our seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year growth for our business excluding Veklury. Secondly, we're much further ahead than we expected to be with our pipeline delivery. Now, we are now 64 ongoing clinical programs, 21 in Phase 3 and you saw that in the news flow for the second quarter. And then finally, we have a lot to look forward to in the second half of the year and beyond. We're particularly excited about the potential to transform beyond the diseases that we're helping patients with today in lung cancer and continuing to help the epidemic for HID and the epidemic for HIV. So, I just wanted to take this opportunity on behalf of all of us to thank you for joining. As usual, if you have questions that we haven't been able to handle here today, please get in touch with Jacquie and the IR team and we're more than happy to support you. Thank you, everybody, and thanks for joining today.
Andrew Dickinson: Sir, Hi Geoff, good to hear from you, and thank you for the question. You may recall that historically we've talked about this, we've highlighted that, that assumption is really tied to the cell therapy business and to Trodelvy and that we have a complete belief that we're going to get there based on those two franchises alone. Magrolimab and TIGIT and the rest of the oncology pipeline provide additional upside. So just reiterating what Dan said, we continue to be on track to meet the goal of our oncology business representing a third of our total revenue by 2030 and we remain excited about the breadth of our oncology portfolio and the exceptional progress that you see in cell therapy, and Trodelvy, which combined, as you heard in the prepared remarks, are on track to produce $3 billion of revenue roughly this year.
Andrew Dickinson: Sure. Hi, Evan, thank you for the question. Look, I'd say, we continue to be very active in BD as you'd expect, across both Gilead and Kite. And that's across all of our areas of focus. So, again, oncology, inflammation, and virology. As we've said before, there are fewer virology opportunities externally. We have an incredibly robust pipeline and extraordinary research group. We're building out our research groups at Kite and at Gilead in oncology and inflammation. We're excited about the progress that we're making there. We're still going to be active in the outside. That being said, what you should expect over the next five years is different than what you saw over the last five years. So, using Immunomedics as an example, that's a deal that we continue to be very excited about. You've heard all the excitement about Trodelvy and where we are today with the franchise, where we see it going. But that was a unique point in time where we really needed an anchor molecule to build our oncology business around. We will continue to look at commercial assets, but you should expect consistent with what you saw last year, that our focus is predominantly on ordinary course partnerships and smaller acquisitions. Again, we will be opportunistic, we will look for ways to build our franchise and to create value for shareholders, but that's the base-case expectation.
Andrew Dickinson: Hi, Mohit, thanks. Thanks for the question. This is an important -- an important point. What we said and we continue to believe is, we have an exceptionally strong business with a lot of leverage, a highly efficient structure, a lot of leverage in our model. We've historically had industry-leading operating margins and we certainly expect to have that in the future. We also have said and acknowledged that we're in a unique point in time as we've built-out both our R&D portfolio and our sales and marketing team with the move into oncology, where our expenses have increased in the short-run and we expect over the coming year for the expense -- the expense increases to moderate and we expect that you'll continue to see the strong growth that you've seen in our base business the last couple of years. So again, this is kind of our strategy playing out, where you see the extraordinary progress in the base business growth last year, certainly through this year, you see that with the raised guidance for the base business, we expect to carry that momentum going forward. Of course, we don't provide long-term guidance. And we as we've highlighted, have 21 late-stage Phase 3 clinical studies underway. We will get to a point over the coming quarters and years where our expense growth moderates and you should see a lot of that carry to the bottom line so. And I think the way that you've characterized the operating margin in the second quarter is it is entirely consistent with the way that I see it and we don't provide long-term guidance beyond saying that we expect to have a top-tier operating margin going forward and we think we're in a great place to achieve that goal. Thank you.
Johanna Mercier: Hi, Tyler. Yes, we are very pleased with the results and the early signs that we've seen from the recent launch of HR+/HER2- in the US. We've definitely seen as you say, an inflection point, so we've seen a really strong uptake in this setting. We're also kind of building on the foundation of triple-negative breast cancer where we are the standard-of-care here as well, and we're excited about the fact that Europe and the EC just gave approval for HR+/HER2- in Europe. So, building on the success of TNBC and we've seen strong uptake in Europe for TNBC. So, there's also a piece of that for the Trodelvy business performance. And we're excited to see what we can do with HR+/HER2- in Europe as well. So, we do think this is definitely on the right path from a growth standpoint and very exciting times for Trodelvy and breast cancer patients.
Johanna Mercier: I'm assuming. And that's really just because the -- right now it currently only supports oral drugs and there is an opportunity for us to add injectable drugs and I think that was a we request to CMS and so we're very supportive of course and we believe the path is actually quite central to ending HIV epidemic and fully put -- fully support the CMS proposal. As from a timing standpoint, that probably hopefully in the coming quarters that we should see something come out, but I don't have details on that, but I do think it can only help what we're trying to do in HIV prevention, let alone support as we think of launching the potential launch for lenacapavir here in 2025.
Johanna Mercier: Thank you very much for the question, Simon. Similar to you, we are very intrigued also by the data that we're seeing in places like autoimmune disease, the lupus, and it's something of great interest to us. We have established ourselves in oncology certainly and expanded into multiple myeloma with the Arcellx collaboration and we are also looking at autoimmune disease going forward.
