Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Tyler. It's Andy. Thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. Our product sales guidance for products excluding Veklury implies 4% to 6% growth year-over-year, again continuing the trend of strong growth that you've seen over the last two years. I'd also highlight that it implies a substantial moderation of our operating expense growth, which is an important piece of the puzzle that we spent a lot of time talking about. To your question specifically on product growth, the growth drivers for 2024 are the same as the growth drivers last year. You continue to see strong growth in our HIV business. As you see in the quarter, you really need to focus on the full year for the HIV to see the growth trend. And we saw another year of very strong growth across our HIV business for the full year in ‘23. We expect the same thing in ‘24. And you heard on the call that we're expecting at least 4% growth for the HIV business next year. And then of course, the Cell Therapy business and Trodelvy are expected to continue to grow as well. So those are the key growth drivers. We look forward to updating you throughout the year, but we're excited about the set up as we move into 2024.
Andrew Dickinson: Hi, Umer. Yeah, thanks for the question. Yes, of course, I mean, in front of the Supreme Court, just like the appellate court, we'll be able to present the facts and our arguments as you'd expect. If you look at some of the briefing documents in the appellate court, I think they spell that out very clearly in terms of what happened over time with the development of TAF and what we knew at different points in time. And that would be available, as you'd expect, not only to the appellate court, but to the Supreme Court. And of course, those same facts would be presented at any trial if we ever get to that point. One other update on the TAF litigation, again, Umer, nothing's changed from our perspective. We continue to have a lot of confidence. The one update I can provide is that the -- one of the very first trial in the federal court has been dismissed as of yesterday, I believe. So it now looks like, and again, this is consistent, as you know, with thousands of other cases. I think it's now over 5,300 cases that have been dismissed by the courts, over 4,300 in the California state courts and over 1,000 in the federal courts before they get to trial. So the first bellwether trial in the federal courts, Umar, would now be in November instead of April. So we'll keep you up to date and thanks for your question.
Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Geoff, it’s Andy. Thanks for the question. It's a great question. You're absolutely right. The Cell Therapy business has made tremendous progress over the last five or six years and evidenced most recently by the faster turnaround time in manufacturing that we talked about on our prepared remarks, going from 16 days to 14 days. And again, it's just the beginning from our perspective of what we can continue to do with this business. So while we don't provide specific guidance, we have said when we announced the Kite transaction that we expected to be profitable, breakeven or profitable and accretive by the end of year four. We got there shortly after that. All of the metrics that we look at on the business have improved over time. We've continued to make significant progress on our manufacturing efficiency, manufacturing costs, despite the fact that we've opened three global manufacturing centers. And each time you do that, when you move to commercial manufacturing, it impacts your gross margin. So I'm really proud of what the team has done. And same thing on the operating costs. You see in the fourth quarter, we announced some restructuring charges, Geoff, that hit our GAAP results. Part of that was a restructuring at Kite. Cindy and her team looked at the structure and made changes to the structure that we think will continue to drive growth and efficiency in the business over the long run. So maybe the last thing I'd say is that when we look at the business, this is a business that we have line of sight to biologics margins and profitability. We're really growing the business, Geoff, as you know, for long-term sustainability and growth and less near-term profitability, but it's certainly exciting that the business is doing as well as it is.
Andrew Dickinson: Hey, Chris, it's Andy. Maybe I'll start on the TIGIT program and the revised agreement with Arcus that we announced last week, and then Merdad can answer the second part of your question. It's relatively simple. If you step back, you've heard us say this before, but I'd reiterate that we value the partnership that we have with Arcus and the programs that their team has developed. And the recent updates to your question to the partnership really allow both companies to more efficiently deploy our teams and capital. We also focused on streamlining decision-making and the additional capital allows us to expand the overall clinical study footprint. So there are a number of things that both companies accomplish through the amendment. It does reinforce our support and belief in their programs broadly, not just TIGIT. There's a lot to be excited about there that you'll see play out over the coming years.
Cindy Perettie: Thank you. Thank you for the question. I think with the anito-cel data, we expect to complete the enrollment of our IMAGINE-1 study this year, where we would have then 100 patients worth of data. And obviously, we're going to continue to look for safety signals, neurotox as you suggested but to date, we have not observed any. Your second part of that question was do we see that as a differentiator and I would definitely see that as a differentiator in the marketplace if we were to come forward with a differentiated safety profile. I think the other component to remind you of is we also believe it's possible to have a differentiated efficacy profile. And today, based on the D-domain and our transduction efficiency, we're able to use half the dose that we're seeing with our competitors, and that could play both with safety and efficacy. Thank you.
Cindy Perettie: Thanks a lot, Olivia, for the question. This is Cindy. We continue to be the leaders in Cell Therapy. And I think the piece that Johanna mentioned is that we are looking at how do we expand beyond the existing ATCs. So the dynamics that we observed this quarter were capacity constraints within the existing ATCs that we have. We saw a little bit of in-class and out-of-class competition. And in parallel, we have been continuing to work on expanding our ATCs. So today we have over 400 ATCs globally. We are moving out of urban centers and those academic centers into the community to meet patients where they are. As Andy suggested, that -- bringing up those ATCs in the community is going to be really important part of our future strategy, but it does take a little bit longer than bringing an academic center up. So we expect to be flat to slightly up in quarter one, and you'll start to see that return to growth in the second half of the year.
Cindy Perettie: I think the only thing I would add to Andy's comment is beyond the three manufacturing facilities, we also have our own viral vector facility. So given the fact that viral vector has had some supply challenges, That's something that we are not suffering from. So we own these sort of end-to-end cost of goods for our products.
Merdad Parsey: Hi, Terrence, this is Merdad. I think when we have looked at the data so far, And we're looking forward to sharing it with everyone as quickly as we can, probably one of the most important things in that dataset that confirmed where we were before is that we have not seen a difference in response rates between squamous cell carcinoma and non-squamous cell carcinoma. I think that was a bit of an overhang in the fall. And as we had mentioned earlier, we had not seen that to date, and that has been bolstered by the results of EVOKE-01. So we do think that that increases our confidence that we don't need to think about -- look at that. Now there are other analyses we need to do to make sure that there are other predictors of response or not, and we'll be doing that and we'll be sharing that over time. But right now, our overall confidence in Trodelvy, broadly speaking, remains very high. We have three approvals and we have a broad development program against which we are executing really well. We continue to have additional trials that we'll read out this year in Phase 3, specifically the [TROPHY-U-04] (ph) study that we'll be looking at the bladder cancer confirmation study with hopefully an OS signal. That study could actually give us beyond confirmatory trial in the US. It allows us to open conversations with regulators outside the US. And then we have promised an update on ASCENT-03 in breast cancer, which we also think will broaden that. And then we now have a number of trials going on in a variety of indications, including ones we've mentioned in, for example, endometrial cancer. So overall, what we've seen EVOKE-01, and we're looking forward to sharing with you, really maintains our level of enthusiasm about Trodelvy’s term potential from an efficacy and safety standpoint across the board, and we have no plans to change EVOKE-03 at this time.
Merdad Parsey: And excuse me, this is Merdad. I think you're referring to the ARC-10 study. And as you may recall, we started that study together with Arcus back in 2021 outside the US with a chemo comparator arm. And at the time, there was really limited access to PD-1 -- PD-L1 inhibitors outside the US. And so, we subsequently updated that study march of last year to include PD-L1 inhibitors as the standard of care was evolving. It took us time to get this all going. And while that was happening, we had a number of competitors launch similar trials in the space with their TIGIT antibodies. So as a result of all that, the enrollment for the ARC-10 trial wasn't as robust as we had hoped for and as it had been. And STAR-121, which is the all-comer study, was recruiting very well. And so we decided to really prioritize our efforts for that all-comers population where we think we could be first or second in class. And it was really a prioritization to ensure that we could stay ahead and keep moving the molecules forward as quickly as possible.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. This is Merdad again, Brian. So maybe I'll take the second part first. On EVOKE-02, as you can imagine, we showed last year ORR data and [Technical Difficulty]
