Diana Brainard: Yeah. Thanks. Hi, this is Diana Brainard. We're very excited that the FDA recognized the importance of the capsid inhibitor GS-6207 by providing it with breakthrough designation for heavily treatment experienced patients with multidrug resistance. This is a small segment of the HIV population, but represents a really high unmet medical need. These individuals have limited treatment options due to the resistance they have, and this highlights one of the important components of our capsid inhibitor, which is to say because it is first-in-class, there's no pre-existing resistance to this class and it makes it really a unique compound in that regard and that's part of the value it brings. Of course the other piece is that it's long-acting. And so we see it as having value across a broad range of patient populations. In terms of the past two registration, what breakthrough designation does is allows us to communicate more frequently and have more dialogue with FDA. And in fact we have plans to do that in the coming weeks where we'll get more clarity on exactly how we can best move our capsid inhibitor forward in this population as quickly as possible.
Diana Brainard: Sure. Yes. So, with respect to the AdCom the FDA has the liberty to convene an advisory committee for a number of different reasons. And in this case for Descovy for PrEP, I think it's probably part of a larger effort to increase awareness and signal the commitments of the government to HIV PrEP efforts. And this is a forum where experts can come together and provide a discourse on the benefits of PrEP and also the trial results of DISCOVER. And as you know we are seeking a broad indication for Descovy for PrEP and our study was conducted in men and transgender women who have sex with men. And so this will certainly be a topic for discussion as well as the study results themselves and so that's what we're prepared for.
Diana Brainard: Sure, thing. And I didn't catch the second part of the question, but I'll answer the first part. So Johanna mentioned this large gap between the number of people in the U.S., who are eligible for PrEP and the number of people who are on PrEP. And of course we're trying to close that gap. But the part of that strategy is going to be having additional options beyond daily PrEP and the capsid inhibitor could be one approach to that. It's got a long-acting potential. We're looking at preclinical models to assess its efficacy in the PrEP setting, and we're very excited about its potential as our physicians and the community about having this as an option. So we're looking forward to generating the data but that will allow us to get into the clinic with that.
Robin Washington: Sure. Well, so I think when we talk about developing long-acting regimens, we're envisioning the capsid will need to be partnered with the second agent. And to that end we've got a number of different internal candidates to become partners with capsid and we hope to be rolling that data out and those plans out over the next coming months. In terms of the frequency of injection. One of the things about capsid that's so exciting is that it’s got picomolar potency, which really makes it in order of magnitude more potent than any other approved antiretroviral and allows us to give the amount of drug needed for very long-term injections. And so really the frequency of drug injection is going to be dictated in large part by the partner and also by the formulation and we're still gaining clarity on what the initial regimens will look like, but there's a huge potential here for very infrequent dosing.
Robin Washington: So, Alethia I'll take that one. I mean I think it really has been the underlying opportunity that we have with Descovy. We have seen with the Descovy now launch of Biktarvy -- sorry. Biktarvy we've just seen really a moderating of that deceleration. So, it really speaks to the innovation of the product and the drive and we've seen really solid adoption.
Robin Washington: No, Dan. I think, you've covered a lot of areas. I will only add so that we don't typically disclose the various specific payer mix, I will tell you that, overall, it's a low double-digit percentage. If you think about Gilead, particularly our HIV, I mean, overall we have a high proportion of public pay rate and we've always come up with innovative programs, as Dan was describing, some that support full access to those patients. So I think that is something that we'll continue to do as we work with Washington.
Robin Washington: No. I think you covered all the areas Dan. And as I've said on the call, we also have Europe now. We're very encouraged relative to the receptivity reimbursement and innovative therapies that we're doing very well with our launch there in addition to all the factors that you mentioned in the U.S.
Daniel O'Day: Geoff, yes, I mean I guess just taking a step back about how we look at our approach to M&A overall and our partnerships. Again, I would say that you're right there's a lot of moves in the field. I think what's characterized Gilead is the ability to really focus on the science in a way that's been pretty transformational with HCV and HIV. And I've commented before on my observation on the quality of the science and the scientists that are here at Gilead and I would only emphasize again after five months. And that's important not only for the science we do within the company, it's also important for how we can evaluate external scientific opportunities. I can say that as we partner with Galapagos, the respect and admiration from a scientific perspective between Gilead and Galapagos was very high and that's what led me with confidence to move forward with the team in striking that deal. So, we will be driven by science for sure. We'll focus on the areas of expertise that we have today. I mean that's HIV, oncology, liver disease, inflammation, and the intersections between those two. To your point, I mean I don't think we'll have a one-size-fits-all strategy for bringing innovation into the company. I think that the Galapagos structure was the right structure for that collaboration. It allowed independence, it allowed us to secure our investment, it allowed us rights to everything that comes out of that investment, and therefore, that collaboration was fit for purpose for that particular transaction. But it doesn't mean that we won't look at different ways of transacting when we look at other opportunities out there. Some will be more straightforward, particularly, if they come right into our value chain and our distribution chain for our late-stage aspect. On the FTC standpoint, I don't really have a lot of comments there. I think we haven't had any issues right now with FTC and the type of transactions we're going after. So, I don't have a whole lot of personal insight into that question as well. So, hopefully, that gives you some indication of how we'll continue.
Daniel O'Day: That's great. So, we'll have Johanna pick up on the first aspect to your question Carter and then Diana can talk about the AdCom.
Daniel O'Day: Okay. So that -- we don't settle anything there. We have a very, very effective Corporate Development team in the organization that Andy filled up over the past couple of years, but the most important thing about the effect in this Corporate Development team is that they're interconnected with all the different respective experts within the organization. So, Diana's team and John's team, and the other principal TIA heads, and then Billy's team and the entire research organization. So, that machine is still operating at full steam and full effect in this, so I just want you to know that. In the interim, of course, we are then proceeding ahead with Robin's replacement and with John's replacement. And we look forward to bringing some additional new colleagues into the organization that will also be focused on science and growth and driving the future of Gilead's mission, like we did with Johanna and with Christi so far. Thank you.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Let me start, Phil. Let me give you a little context and then I'll turn it over to Robin on some details. So, first of all, I mean, I think, it's important to note that there's a lot of things that have been happening in Washington recently and a lot of things that are still need to be provided clarity with. What I would say is a couple of things over this past quarter have been very encouraging. First of all, the work that we've done with the administration on ending the HIV epidemic, our drug donation and ability to get to many, many more patients with HIV, really shows the support we have around increasing those number of individuals that are eligible for PrEP. The other thing is the Part D protected class rule was a really important patient choice legislation that was upheld and that's -- we think that's good for patients. We also think that supports our portfolio as well. And then, the other thing that I think is a really ongoing dialogue is the consensus that we have now in such a margin around the need for new solutions and different approaches for CAR T therapies. So I just point to those three things as things that I think have been really encouraging for our portfolio that happened in the past quarter. Now at the same time we completely accept and understand that there's going to continue to be pressure on drug pricing. I remind you that the vast majority of our business is driven by volume. We're actively involved, of course, in the Part D discussions and where that may go. We believe in initiatives that supports cap to patient out-of-pocket expenses that help patients at the end of the day and Part D reform and that's where we and others in the industry are rolling our sleeves up on, to be active participants in Part D reform. Specifically relative to our exposure to Part D, I don't know, I'm going to turn it over to Robin…
Daniel O'Day: Thanks. I'm still digging into that a bit, Salim, but it's clear that we have tremendous expertise in our organization and colleagues that are focused on liver disease and, in particular, hepatitis B. It's also clear that our current product Vemlidy is a significant benefit for patients with hepatitis B and underutilized. So one of the things we're working with Johanna and others on in the organization is, how do we make the current standard of care more available to patients at need and at risk around the world. And that's something you may hear more from us on in the coming quarters. But relative to your question about the next level of advances in hepatitis B and I also had the experienced to talk to some key thought leaders around us as well. There's no doubt that it's a challenging scientific area to think about coming up with a hep B cure. And yet, I still think there's some very promising scientific avenues. As you can imagine - I won't comment necessarily on specific technologies that we either have in-house or that we think we may need to partner and to collaborate with. But I wouldn't give you confidence that we know the landscape extraordinarily well, we know the science extraordinarily well. And like many viral diseases, we may need to think about combination approaches in this area to get to longer duration and sustained responses. But because of the sensitivity of some of those programs, I'm not going to get into more detail. But suffice it to say that I think, as a company with our type of expertise, that we do need to be on the cutting edge of hep B and we need to be thoughtful about how we approach it and what level of investment we put into it. But there's no doubt that as long as our scientists think there's an avenue forward we should be -- we should have some concentration in that area.
Daniel O'Day: And just maybe one last point on that. So we expect the new Medicare reimbursement role to go into effect in October of this year. So that's obviously going to be a key pivot point for how we see uptake in using Medicare patients. And we know that the use of Yescarta in Medicare patients also has an influence in centers on how they treat their non-Medicare patients. So lots to continue to innovate here, not just on the science, but also on the reimbursement and access programs, so we're fully committed to that.
