John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Yes. John here. Look, the question of Descovy versus Truvada for PrEP, people who are healthy, which the people who are taking PrEP are, deserve and want the easiest and safest and best tolerated medication. So, that is Descovy. So I think that's a pretty straightforward answer to that question.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: So I'll start first. So, after attending ACR this week and being at the meeting, it's clear that the efficacy that we are generating in multiple inflammatory diseases with filgotinib is as good or if not better than any other drug in the class, and equivalent to the biologics. And that holds true for FINCH 2 where we just saw the most difficult patients to treat, the biologic non-responders, inadequate responder patients where our ACR20 rates in people who had received three or more biologics previously was over 70%, just over 70%. So, I think efficacy wise, we are as good if not better than anything else out there in the class. Safety wise, we continue to see the differentiation based upon the lab parameters, the lack of anemia, the lack of effect on platelets and when we look at other clinical events such as thromboembolic events and other events, we are not seeing anything difference. We have to see that safety benefit and advantage hold up in the subsequent Phase 3 clinical programs. The same as the other diseases. We are seeing those benefits as well. So, I'll hand it over to the other folks about the commercial build out, et cetera.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Matt, sorry. Look, yes, it's unchanged. We are waiting for data from the Phase 1b trial, which is looking at escalating dose cohorts of the safety and efficacy in myeloma patients of KITE-585. And then we'll announce the start of a Phase 2 trial if the data supports that. So no change to what we've said previously and we're in the process of that right now.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: Thank you, Geoff. Starting with MANTA, great question. We have spent an inordinate amount of effort trying to enhance the enrollment in the MANTA study. It's too early to gauge the effectiveness of those modifications to inclusion criteria, et cetera. I think we'll provide an update in the future when we can have more clarity about the timeline. I will say we are having discussions internally and with regulators about different options, as one of which you outlined as well. And as you know in various parts of the world, you can file and you can file updates at various different times of the review process. So each region and each area is different. So we're having all of these discussions and spending a lot of my effort and a lot of the team's effort on that as well. In terms of the ATLAS, your second question, in terms of the ATLAS Phase 2b 350 patient NASH combination study, yes, we will take a look at week 24. And week 24 look we're allowed to do in the statistical analysis plan. It's not biopsy-driven and it's driven by MRA FibroScan, lab tests, MRI-PDFF. So we will be able to have a look. And if there's clear separation without biopsy, we can decide to move early into Phase 3 if we're convinced that's the right thing to do.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: I don't think we're ever satisfied with what we have internally. And we have a number of internal programs that are looking at interfering in S in various different ways, either by direct mechanisms or through induction of HBV-specific immunity. And we are also always looking for what we think is additionally valuable to what we are doing internally, externally as well. We are watching the siRNA field closely also and aware of what Arrowhead's done. We look forward to seeing the data presented in full at AASLD.
John G. McHutchison, AO, MD: So, it's a good question regarding the STELLAR programs, and I think the answer to your question lies in the STELLAR programs where our discussions with regulators were around both trials independently, but I think everybody understands that a third of patients with F3 really have F4, and a third of patients with F4 have F3. So, if for example there was a situation where one trial was positive and one trial was negative, we would be able to look at different subgroups of patients, but that would be a completely unscripted discussion that would just depend on what the data looked like at that time.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Alethia. Congrats on your new role as well. Yeah, we continue to see adoption of generics across Europe. I think what we're seeing is differentiation across the different countries relative to timing and the uptake of generics. We talked about the uptake of Descovy. That continues to go really well and we think that's thwarting some of that uptake. Particularly in Italy and UK, we're just not seeing the uptake of generics as quickly as we thought they would take hold. And that's something that we've factored into our guidance to the tune of $100 million. I think even in 2019, we'll continue to see uptakes of generics but with the launch of Biktarvy, et cetera, we think we'll be well competitively positioned and think all the benefits of Descovy will help us to continue to grow share in our ex-U.S. markets.
Robin L. Washington: Sure, Phil. I won't go – again, we kind of gave a base of our guidance. First, let me just say we're really very satisfied with how the year has gone and the ability to raise guidance at this point. Everything that we've talked about from HIV being a growth franchise to HCV stabilizing, Yescarta continuing to have a nice slow and steady build, I mean I think overall, all of our franchises are performing very well. There's a couple of dynamics. You mentioned a few. One HCV, as we said, while stabilizing, we do continue to see declines in patient starts because that's the primary driver. Recall we talked last quarter about a price freeze for the next six months, which if you think about a typical Q4, we sometimes see inventory build in Q4 in advance of that price increase. And I'm not saying we won't have any inventory build, some of that is just part of supply chain, but we do anticipate that there may be a little less. And as I mentioned, the other driver of our raise in guidance was Letairis and the LOE, which is here. We haven't seen any impacts. That could happen, right. So we are providing a range of guidance but we're very confident with our ability to meet the guidance and hope to overachieve it.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Cory. Great question. No, our sequential growth was all demand driven. We didn't see really any change in inventory and as you're probably recalling last quarter, I talked about the fact that we were at a 50/50 payer mix between commercial and government and there was the chance that that would have shifted back to what we've traditionally seen, 45% commercial, 55% government. But we didn't see that. And these payer mix percentages do fluctuate quarter-to-quarter really depending on the buying patterns from government payers, such as ADAP. So, overall, a strong demand-driven quarter for Biktarvy and HIV overall, no impact from inventory or payer mix.
Robin L. Washington: Yeah, Terence, it's hard to talk about volume because of generics. We do talk about TAF or Descovy based as a percentage of revenue, and it's about 70% of revenues in U.S. Pricing really hasn't been a barrier, keep in mind we price – our Descovy regimens are pretty much priced similar to Stribild, et cetera, in the way of (54:39) Biktarvy. So it's really been good overall uptake. I think we'll always see competitiveness in European pricing, but that's something that we're used to. So, it really fundamentally has been just the desire from more and more patients who want to move to Descovy-based regimens that has been driving our performance offset by the adoption of generics.
Robin L. Washington: So, let me start with the prior question, Ying. I think as always is our case, we are always working and negotiating with payers. I can't talk specifically to the details of the contract, but we are happy that we have reached the formulary ranking with Express Scripts, and it's something that we've talked all about that we continue to be out there competing in this marketplace. There's us and Mavyret, and we continue to do well. I think to your other question relative to Yescarta, yeah, the NTAP as I said, it's a start. As we understand it, it's about 50% of reimbursement. To sit and tell you what every hospital makes or doesn't make, that's very hard for me to comment on. That's very dependent on their relationship with the payers, et cetera. So, I can't give you more details on that. I do think the NTAP is a start, and we are working very, very diligently and hard to continue to show the value of this treatment, and hopefully eventually see DRG specifics for CAR T therapy.
