Norbert Bischofberger: So, Geoff, your first question has to do whether the agreement has anything to do review times. Was that the question, the answer is no. We simply got agreement on (indiscernible) a Phase 3 strategy, and as I said this Phase 3 strategy in genotype 1 is a single-arm study of 12-weeks duration. Sofosbuvir and ribavirin agreement on genotype 1. This is a two-arm study of the fixed dose combination both with and without ribavirin for 12-weeks. We're looking a number of other geographies that require clinical studies, one of which we are actively enrolling that's Russia. and the other country we are looking at is China. So those are the only two. In China, we have not made the final decision as to what to do. And, Kevin, you had a question about reimbursement in Japan.
Norbert Bischofberger: Hi Jeff. So I can't say that we have not seen any LFT elevations because as you know they are part of Hepatitis C disease. But what I can say is that there is no evidence right now that we have seen anything that's related to either sofosbuvir or the sofosbuvir/ledipasvir fixed dose combination that could be ascribed to either an adverse event or a laboratory abnormality. The second question has 5816. So Jeff, we are currently as you might know, doing this study of the fixed dose combination that contains 5885, in genotype 3 patients and we don't really know whether 5885 will not work in genotype 3. But based on the biology that we have looked at, I would expect it should not be optimal. So at least the 5816 compound will be a fixed dose combination non- ribavirin contained for genotype 3. But our intent is to really launch it more broadly as just a fixed-dose combination for anybody or everybody regardless of genotype. I’m sure you also know that the genotype assay is fairly straightforward to come by, but it’s an extra test that I think if I remember correctly costs $400. So if could get rid of that and simply see you don't have to really worry about which genotype you are, we have one combination that works for all genotypes, that would be our strategy and that's what we're going to -- though if the Phase II data look supportive of that.
Norbert Bischofberger: So Yaron, I want to take the first question. I think that thought, I don't even want to entertain because I think the FDA gave the world a big gift when they said you can file with SVR12 instead of SVR24. That was a big step forward. And remember the other thing is that you can't necessarily conclude from one drug to the other. So if we see a high correlation of SVR12 with SVR12 with sofosbuvir/ribavirin or sofosbuvir peg-interferon ribavirin, you can necessarily conclude from that that the same correlation would hold with our fixed-dose combination. So no, our regulatory endpoint is SVR12. That's what we were working towards and we have not even had any conversations with any regulatory agencies of potentially filing with SVR4. So I think that will be asked for too much.
Norbert Bischofberger: So Brian, the discussions were actually -- so we talked to four European regulatory agencies and the U.S. FDA and actually to my surprise the feedback was very uniform. All the agencies said, absolutely, you have enough data to file for the iNHL indication and the label that would almost certainly read, that would represent the study population which is [doubly] refractory to both rituximab and alkylating-agent. The discussions that we had where opinions were divided a little bit is on CLL and Sharon still had to do Brian that -- you know the study that Susan O'Brien presented at ASCO, the end was 64, but this was also a dose -- it was a number of different doses. So at the dose which we're seeking to register which is the 150 mg BID, we actually only had 11 patients on that experience. And just like FDA data of 11 patients is really not enough and I have to in a way agree with them. But again, the discussion then became move to study 116, that's what I said today. There will be an interim analysis done that certainly has enough patients. And if that interim analysis turns out positive then we would use those data either to file a new NDA in the U.S. or to update the file during the review in Europe. That's the current plan. And, Kevin, was there another question.
Norbert Bischofberger: So, Robyn, I will answer the second question first, because it's fairly straightforward. It's event driven. As you know the endpoint is PFS, and once we have the requisite number of either progressions or deaths, we will do an interim analysis and then look at where the -- is it on the placebo arm, on the Idelalisib arm. And if there is a highly statistically significant P value then the protocol would call for stopping the study because we've answered the question. By the way, this is not dissimilar to what was disclosed yesterday by Roche with GA101 program. And then the other question you asked is a good one because we had the same question internally. The only thing I could think of the unanswered question in the NDA submission was really what's the optimal treatment for genotype 3? As you know, we have done this study with 12 and 16 week duration. 12 was okay. 16 week was better. So the question becomes, would 24 be even better than 16? Obviously, we don't have data in the NDA. And the other question, would genotype 3 be easier treated with the neutrino regimen which is 12 weeks of pegylated interferon/ ribavirin with sofosbuvir. And actually FDA asked us to answer this question and do a randomized study. So we're initiating a study. We're randomizing patients to even sofosbuvir, 16 weeks of sofosbuvir and riba – sofosbuvir and ribavirin 16, telaprevir/ribavirin 24, and sofosbuvir for patients that (inaudible) ribavirin 12. That will answer the question again. But again the panel will have the challenge of dealing with the existing data that was submitted and make a recommendation as to what should show up in the label I think. But that's the only thing I can think of that’s substantive.
Norbert Bischofberger: Ian, I'm trying to understand what you are getting at, because no. If another company has another agent that shows efficacy in some unmet need population, I don't think it would preclude them from getting approval.
Norbert Bischofberger: It cannot. The devil is in the detail and it depends, but I would on the one hand say yes. On the other hand since there are new agents now going to be available, maybe if everything works out, Ibrutinib and idelalisib, those are going to be players. And you will probably have to show that those that the patient population is refractory to those as well. That's what I would think would happen. Ian, the population that we study, the indolent NHL refractory to Rituximab, refractory to an alkylating agent, refractory to the last regimen, refractory to the most common regimens and they were 54 years old on the average. There is maybe nothing left for them. Normally you would say bone marrow transplantation, but you don't do bone marrow transplantation. There is too much morbidity in that older population. So there is really nothing available currently on the market. So that's the rationale for FDA to accept the file and review the data and hopefully approve it.
Norbert Bischofberger: Hi Brian. No. So we have not had any conversations with regulators and obviously it really depends on what we’re seeing in the Phase 2 studies. But the SIC PI3K combination, I don't know if you’re familiar with all the data in-vitro, there's synergy. We’ve actually seen synergy in humans when you look at base of an activation assay. So it's a really promising combination, which in fact we now see in Phase 2 what the combination shows and based on that we will go into Phase 3. But to give you some -- one example, for DLBCL for instance will be something where -- it seems like our compact – we don't have enough data yet. We have to study, but Idelalisib may not be completely satisfactory. And as you know, neither is Ibrutinib, particularly in the larger terminal center subset and the APC subset that seems to be working. So I’m sure there will be an immediate place for a combination in one of these subsets of B-cell hematological malignancies where the single agents won't work. But again that will all be guided by Phase 2 data.Brian Skorney – Robert W. Baird: Norbert, just to jump quickly to Hep C as a follow-up to Jeff's question, I know you were looking at 5885, 7977 in GT3 patients and in an ARM and ELECTRON. Have you got data from that yet? You didn't mention in response to his question about 5885.
Norbert Bischofberger: Brian, those data will probably be at AASLD assuming the abstract gets accepted. But to make a long story short, the numbers particularly in genotype 3 were too small to make any definitive conclusions. And that's why we have now expanded or enrolled another cohort in genotype 3 that's 50 patients. So those 50 patients will then really give us the answer where the response rate is. The thing with small numbers, so we have a total of eight genotype 3 patients and the confidence intervals with whatever results you get goes from perfect to miserable. The answer is one of those or something in between. We can only enter it if we have larger numbers. We should get those data towards -- in the fourth quarter of this year.
Norbert Bischofberger: Howard, that has been a debate and the answer is we don’t know. You could make an argument, we should get full approvals because there is no -- it's a progression. There is an ORR in the PSA same point and those are not sold at the endpoint. So it shouldn't be accelerated approval. It should be full approved, but that's obviously a review issue and ultimately an FDA decision.
Norbert Bischofberger: Joel, I'd like to add something. Ultimately, as we optimize the treatment modality, particularly the fixed dose combination in 5816 that comes behind it, price per cure and price per treatment should actually be the same because each treatment equals a cure. As I have said in the LONESTAR study, it's difficult to treat PI failures half of which were cirrhotic, we had 95% cure rate. So, that ultimately I hope it won't be an issue.
Kevin Young: Yeah, Geoff, right now any of the timelines don't include any reference to what we do from a reimbursement point of view. So, all of Norbert's comments were relating to very healthy and positive descriptions we've had with PMDA, and we're now starting to build out our own organization in Japan. Our intention would be to launch Sofosbuvir as Gilead with our own team and not requiring a partnership there.
Kevin Young: Hey, Mark, it's Kevin. Yes, we are still essentially fine tuning the number that you are looking for. We are building sort of Ipsos like HIV database. It's based on a much smaller number of charts than we normally get per quarter relative to HIV. But we think once we've seen a couple of quarters and it looks solid and it looks reproducible that we will be able to share that number. So, I think we are getting there. We want to have something that is not chopping and changing every quarter. There wasn't a database there. Don't forget that it's taken us ten years really to get something as good as what we have got in HIV. So, we wanted to start this in the right way and try to give you a solid number that is going to have credibility. So, later in the year I think, and round about the launch of the product, I think we will be able to say that with some conviction.
Kevin Young: That's great question, Matt. Thank you very much. I have absolutely no doubt that as our new treatments come through, that we're going to see more and more calls for screening of HCV and treatment of HCV. Very interesting this week, in other parts of the world, in Germany we saw one of their leading opinion leaders on national news talking about how much Hepatitis C there was in Germany and the need to be screening patients and treating particularly in that baby boomer age bracket. Actually I think we did quite well to move from the original C category to B. So I have to say Matt, I don't think we have an expectation it's going to be raised to an A in the immediate future. The good news was I think a lot of opinion leaders mount the challenge and lobbied that it should go from the C to the B. We’ve had some recent advisory boards in this area. And I think they were strongly of the opinion that the Hepatitis C test should get reimbursed and that's why a B category helps that. So I've no doubt that as we bring sofosbuvir and eventually all oral to the market that there is going to be a drive to be screening the older population and potentially treating hepatitis C.
Kevin Young: I think it tends to be the longer timeframe. I think we have done well in hepatitis C but it's a progressive --HIV, but it's a progressive thing, Matt. These things all help and they all buildup. Obviously, we've got to go and be talking to the payers, we got to be talking to perhaps some of the companies that are supplying the hepatitis C tests. It's work that we have good experience from HIV and I think we'll be launching into that in and around the launch of Sofosbuvir.
Kevin Young: And, Rachel, just to say that we are going to be very committed commercially to this launch. We will build a business unit for oncology. We already have a very nice group of people here at Gilead who have got good experience in sales and marketing oncology. We are now running our analysis on the right size of field force. We want to be ready obviously by the middle of next year. That's about the right timeline based on the fourth quarter NHL submission and we see this as a strong long-term commitment to the world of oncology.
Kevin Young: Hey Yaron, it's Kevin. We've had a lot of conversations advisory boards with payors and providers, private, Medicaid, Medicare, VA, corrections. So we've gone across the board from the point of view of the opportunities and the need for sofosbuvir. Certainly in the correctional setting, long-term interferon is very, very difficult just because of people with multiple other comorbidities and psychological problems and obviously transition potentially from the correctional setting back into society. So we’ve had productive discussions. I think we’re going to see some uptake. However, I do think it's going to be a little bit slower, then obviously we'll see a very healthy uptake we believe in the private commercial market, and the other target really for us, which is the VA setting. So I think in terms of prioritization, we're looking at the opportunity to really run programs with the VA as a higher priority than the correctional setting. But we have a correctional team. It's something that we're going to be working on. We’ve had success with HIV and it's certainly in our plans.
Kevin Young: I think you can take some insights and some proxies from the launch of the protease inhibitors but other things you can't. Let's not forget that there was quite a lot of pent-up demand for the PIs whatever their profile was turned out to be, there was a lot of pent-up demand over the years until they came out. Clearly, I think physicians have been underwhelmed and have the challenges with the protease inhibitors. If you look at the sort of annualized treatment rates, it's coming down and we expect it to be back at the pre-protease inhibitor levels for the launch of Sofosbuvir. But there's likely to be some patients waiting, but it probably isn't at the levels that we're waiting at the time of the protease inhibitors because there hasn’t been that cumulative number of years. Having said that, we have a very, very exciting profile and our expectation is that over two to three year timeframe, that the levels of treatment can go back to if not exceed the levels in the heyday of the pegylated interferons, which was a treatment rate of approximately 150,000 patients per year. So, I certainly think we can get back to those type of levels because of the very strong profile that we have. So, those would be the comments that I would have on the sort of a comparison with the protease inhibitors.
Kevin Young: Hey Ian, it's Kevin. Thanks for the question. Basically with a new product, it tends to float outside our inventory management agreements. Our major wholesalers like to have enough supply, never quite know how a drug is being taken up. Same with Complera, as it was with Stribild. It will be the same with sofosbuvir. So typically, after about nine months, we agree that it's time for the drug to go within the inventory management agreements, because there is a clear trend and we're able to discuss that with the major wholesaler and that's what's happened. So there was a little burn off of major wholesaler inventory, and that's what clicked Stribild down. I would say Ian, that we're really pleased with the uptake of Stribild. If you look at some of the prescription volumes quarter-over-quarter, Q2 grew by 52% over Q1. The actual dollars for Stribild were 50% higher than Complera, the equivalent quarter post-launch. So, we're pretty satisfied that the underlying trend for Stribild is very, very sound. So we think things are going very well.
Kevin Young: Great questions, Phil. Let me try and just give you a little bit of a color on where we are with the kind of readiness. First things I'd say [fairly] is that we've hired now all our field based teams. So, that's our medical scientists, national account managers, and we've hired our new HCV sales team. We've sized that team in a very robust way. This is for today's treaters, for treaters that have dropped off but we believe can come back to treat HCV, and we sized it for future HCV treaters. So, we believe we've got the sizing right. That team of sales representatives are beginning sales training and that will be a very rigorous and very intensive three months of sales training. Our medical scientists and national account managers are actually currently involved in disease awareness education. And as I said earlier, we've been conducting quite a number of advisory boards across all our customer segments physician, nurse practitioner, managed care areas, the VA and corrections. And the last thing before I talk a little bit more about the payer, we have now settled on what will be our supply chain, what wholesalers and what specialty pharmacists will be involved in the distribution and supply of Sofosbuvir. We've done a lot of work on the payer fronts. Clear insight is that the payer was really quite dissatisfied and upset with the introduction of the protease inhibitors. I don't think they were expecting the cost and certainly they were not expecting the poor value in and around the inability for the patient to take the therapy or finish the course of therapy. The payer clearly is looking at efficacy as the number one criteria, the SVR rates, but really want products that are very assured in terms of getting patients through therapy and curing patients. So, around value. We certainly expect that the current prior authorization to the label for HCV treatments will remain in place with Sofosbuvir. The good news is that the officers are very familiar with the prior authorization step, and they can easily do it via computer or via the phone. So, we are expecting that there will be very good payer coverage and that the profile of Sofosbuvir certainly will get very good support from a payer point of view. In terms of the VA, we think Sofosbuvir whether it would be for GT 2 or the shortened duration of interferon for GT 1, will be a nice profile for VA. As we are going in with that profile, we think that will be very supportive of a healthy pricing position. We obviously want to leave as much of the decision around using Sofosbuvir in the hands of the prescriber and on occasions that does require some discounting with selective payers, but we'll be ready for that. So I'm very positive about the possibilities of healthy uptake in the VA setting.
Kevin Young: Hey, Joel, it's Kevin. I think we look at it always. Obviously with something like, for example genotype 1 HCV, today you got telaprevir and then you've got varying time periods for your peg riba. So you've got the individual PI, you've got the complete therapy and you've got cost to cure. So I think we look at it in all of those different directions and we are going through all of those deliberations right now for Sofosbuvir. I think ultimately, Joel, honestly, I am a bit of a traditionalist and you can look at all of those ways and often companies use sort of, I would say, elaborate ways of pricing because of challenges around the profile of the drug. I think ultimately you do come down to a (inaudible) list price and I think that's where we will be solidly, very clearly, when we come to the launch of Sofosbuvir. So, I think you will see a very clear and a very straightforward way of pricing Sofosbuvir.
Kevin Young: Hey, Jason, this is Kevin. I see, it's a very simple question you have asked but it's quite difficult to answer because the age of the patients, 43% of Japanese patients are over the age of 65 and they are in advanced stage of their disease, they have had it for a long time. A lot of them are in significant cirrhosis moving to carcinoma. They just are ineligible to the current standard. So, pegylated interferon ribavirin is extremely difficult. And that's why the Japanese opinion leaders and the Japanese patients are very much looking forward to, for example, entry with GT 2, which is just having sofosbuvir and ribavirin. So, I think in terms of pricing in some ways you cannot wipe the slate clean, and you’re going with these new therapies. And the traditional approach is not a great pegging of price. Typically the Japanese markets do have a discount to the U.S. market. So I think that will be still applicable with sofosbuvir. But I think we’re really starting fresh with these new treatments and the very high need of the typical -- and the profile that the Japanese patient has.
