Merdad Parsey: Hi. Matthew, it's Merdad. Yes. I think, the outcomes -- it's hard to predict what the outcomes are. I do think that both the options you suggested are possible. And I would sort of tend towards your latter approach, which is that we would -- if things aren't able to move forward with RA, we'd like to keep the door open for us to continue to move forward in IBD and continue those discussions, obviously, dependent on the MANTA and the MANTA-RAy data outcome.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks. Great question. They're doing a really great job of exploring the potential of that program in multiple indications. And they have a great approach of trying to get there quickly, looking for early signals of activity. On our end, obviously, we would like to see the programs de-risked to the appropriate level at the time that we opt in. That will vary based on the signals we see and the magnitude of the improvement that we see. So, obviously, if you saw, hypothetically, a huge response in one indication that was really unexpected and blew it out of the water, we might opt-in more early. Whereas if it's more nuanced in a small trial, we might want to flush that out a little bit more before we opt in. Our contract allows us to continue to work with them as the programs are de-risked. And our desire is to opt in and move as quickly as possible once we have an appropriate level of risk.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. And I'll take the Trodelvy question, Geoffrey. Yes. Look, I think, what we know so far with the Trodelvy [indiscernible] combo is a couple of things. One is just looking at the combos where it's been tested, there's data with the parts and there's data with checkpoint inhibitors. And so far, those data seem to support the ability to go forward with combos. And that obviously opens a number of doors there for us to investigate. When we look at the adverse event profile and we look at what -- and we talk to the investigators about what they're seeing and how they're managing it, the tox is largely the neutropenia and the diarrhea, and often that the investigators are saying that toxicity seems to be manageable, something they're comfortable managing. And we're getting a lot of encouragement to move earlier in lines of therapy, based on that adverse event profile. The individual combinations will be dictated by the indication that we're in, right, whether it's breast, urothelial, lung, those combinations will depend. But, I think a big one will probably be the checkpoint inhibitors where I think we're optimistic and have reasonably good data about being able to combine there.
Merdad Parsey: I think, you hit all the key points, Dan. I think, we -- the only thing I'd add is I think we really have a great team here. And I think that team is going to be really great about charting our future in immunology. But as Dan said, we remain committed to that. And we'll continue to look at both near and long-term opportunities there that makes sense for us in the portfolio.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. And we look at -- maybe the only other thing I'd add is that we look at it through a fairly broad lens of what immunology means. There are a lot of indications with a lot of unmet need that persist in that space. And we'll be looking for that transformative profile.
Merdad Parsey: The only thing I'd add, Carter, it's a really insightful question. And it's something that we -- as Dan said, we're really committed to doing. And, what I would say is that you will see us exercising that discipline. That will be something that will be apparent sooner than later. And recognize that there are a lot of things that are in-flight that they don't make sense to deprioritize because they're already ongoing. So, we'll let those things read out. So, it'll probably take a little bit longer for everything to get taken care of in the wash, if you will. But you will definitely see that playing out with us as data get read out and as new things enter into the portfolio that we'll be exercising that discipline to make sure we're making some tough decisions.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. I have to take that. Hey, Umer. As you mentioned, look, we have both, internal candidates for combining with lenacapavir, and we remain open. As you said, there are other agents out there that could potentially be combination partners. And we remain definitely open to figuring out what's in the best interest of patients. And we'll continue to be diligent on that front. So, I think both possibilities remain there.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Maybe just to add to that, Andy, I think, what we're also seeing is the severity of the disease. So, I think as you saw through the summer months, even though there were surges, going through the U.S. mostly, some of those were younger patient population. And therefore, the hospitalization rates really dropped over the summer months. We were seeing closer to 12% to 15% late Q2. And as you go into Q3, they're closer to 5%. So, we're really tracking those very closely. It's not just the incidence. It's really, to Andy's point, the hospitalization rates. And obviously, the assumption is, in light of the surge this fall, both in Europe as well as in the U.S., that those numbers will pop back up a little bit. So, that would be one piece of the puzzle. The other piece, I would say, is we looked at some of our assumptions around stockpiling, and although we've seen some stockpiling, not at the level that we had originally projected. And so, we're adapting to that as well.
Johanna Mercier: So, let me start, Geoff, with the Veklury question around usage. So, what we've seen is, obviously, in Q3, a little bit of a interesting dynamic in light of most of the supply was committed through the HHS to U.S. patient population. So, there was a bit of an inventory build through the Q3 that you're going to see play out in Q4 in the U.S. specifically. We're also in a situation due to the incredible work that's been done by our manufacturing teams to be in a situation where our current supply now is at a level where it is exceeding global demand. So, we feel very confident in making sure we can -- global demand around the world, namely in Europe right now, in light of not only the drug procurement agreement, but in light of the recent surge that you're seeing across countries in Europe. I think, to your point about percentage of patients, it really varies across countries but also regions. And I do think that that percentage is increasing as we speak. As the FDA approval came out last week, we're already seeing a lot more noise around that, but also in light of the fact that we have a field team. So medical and commercial that are now going out to make sure that physicians are aware and educated on where best to use Veklury. And I think that's one of the pieces that's the most important. So, that's playing out as we speak. But, we have seen probably out of hospitalization rates in many countries anywhere between 40% to 50% in the U.S. usage of remdesivir. And of course, that number will only grow as people better understand the data now that it's been published as well as approved through the FDA. And maybe, Merdad, on Trodelvy.
Johanna Mercier: So, maybe I'll take that one, Brian. I think, that as we're seeing Q3 -- this whole year, and I'm sure everybody kind of seeing this full year has been really interesting when it comes to inventory because we've seen a pattern that's very different than prior years, obviously, due to COVID-19. The expectation that we have this year is, as you normally see in Q4, you actually do have a lift in product supply at the end of December that plays into our total inventory for 2020. Having said that that's a little bit also impacted by the fact that Truvada’s LOE, and there's now a generic on the market with Teva as of early October. And so, we believe that number is a little lower than the norm that we've seen in the past. We haven't assumed a -- stockpiling to your point about COVID-19 because it's already -- usually, Q4 is already on the rise versus other quarters. So, we've assumed that. What we've seen in Q3, to the first part of your question, I think, it’s just normalization of the last couple of quarters. And you kind of -- if you recall, Q1 usually draws down on Q4 supply. What we saw is a pickup in March because of COVID-19 that then kind of bled out in Q2, and then we saw a pickup again in Q3, which I think is really the normalization of those two quarters. So assuming Q4 is like other quarters in the past, that's what's currently in our current projection. Hopefully, that addresses the thinking there for HIV.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Thanks, Umer. So, listen, we're really proud of actually Biktarvy growth. And I think that if you look at the share growth, it's basically 8 points of share year-on-year when you think about as Q3 '19 to Q3 '20. And when you look at Q2 to Q3, it's a point of share. So, we do think that the growth continues. Where we've seen a little bit more of an impact is from a market standpoint because if you think about the impact of COVID-19, it had a larger impact in our HIV treatment business really when it comes to switches. And so, it'll impact disproportionately newer agents in the market because physicians aren't switching to newer agents. But obviously, Biktarvy is part of that pool. The overall share of Gilead still remains really strong because of that because we -- more than 75% of patients are actually on a Gilead compound. And so, therefore, they're just remaining. There's less switches. We've seen that rebound a little bit in Q3. We expect that to continue through Q4. But I think, overall, if you think about it in the U.S., which is our larger business, right now, 1 out of 2 -- actually, more than 1 out of 2 patients starts on Biktarvy. We have about a 56% share of naive patients. And when you think about the switches, although the market for switches is a little bit lower, we're still roughly about 1 in 2 patients going to Biktarvy, and they're going to Biktarvy from a non-Gilead single treatment regimen, which I also think is a great place to be. So, we continue to feel extremely confident in Biktarvy's continued growth because you're seeing it basically happen across all of the markets around the world to really consolidate around Biktarvy. In addition to the fact that COVID-19 is actually for naïve patients, a real advantage with Biktarvy because of the rapid start. And that's something that even guidelines are recognizing in light of the fact that you don't need to -- there's no genotype testing, there's no HLA testing, et cetera. So, that's also helping to continue to grow our share in the naive patient population. So with that, Merdad or Diana on the capsid.
Daniel O’Day: Sure, Michael. Yes, couldn't agree more. Look, I think, the conversation we’ll have in the Type A meeting will center around really what level of evidence the FDA would be looking for on both of those issues, right, in terms of trying to get to a better benefit risk understanding. And so, that will depend -- so we need to find that out from the 200-milligram standpoint, and we need to find it out from the MANTA and MANTA-RAy standpoint. So, those two things we will get guidance from the FDA at the Type A meeting. And then, based on that outcome, we will make some decisions how to go forward, whether it's -- whether there's a clear path, whether we have to only go forward in IBD or whether 200 milligrams is not viable until MANTA reads out -- MANTA-RAy readout. All those are possibilities. So, it's hard to speculate what the outcome of that will be. We'll be transparent obviously as we have that discussion with how we'll proceed.
Daniel O’Day: Thanks, Alethia. I'll start and then maybe Merdad can add as well. But first of all, I mean, nothing has changed about our dedication to our three disease areas. As you know, I mean, our strategy that we announced at the beginning of the year was based upon two really strong scientific disciplines that we have from a discovery perspective at Gilead and with our partners, and that is antivirals and immunomodulation. And we've been firmly focused on that strategy in terms of how it plays out in both, antivirals, inflammation and fibrosis, and then also oncology. So, we think there's a lot of synergies associated with that science. Obviously, immunology, as you know, Alethia, goes across so many disease states. Immunology plays in the antivirals, for instance, particularly when we look at some of our HBV cure programs. But clearly, in the field of inflammation, we've already spoken about where we stand with filgotinib. We have a variety of follow-on agents within our Gilead research, with our partners with Galapagos, and we'll maintain an external view on opportunities to continue to advance our inflammation portfolio in-house. And you can see, of course, what we've done in the oncology field, predominantly immuno-oncology over the past year, really building up our oncology base based upon -- largely based upon immuno-oncology. Trodelvy allows us to have a really strong footprint now into solid tumors in a pan-tumor way, which we think will be very complementary to our first-in-class, best-in-class immuno-oncology portfolio. Merdad, maybe you want to add as well, your view on the -- on that question as well.
Daniel O’Day: I mean, maybe, Merdad, it's just important to emphasize the unmet medical need in that area. It's still a very significant.
Daniel O’Day: Yes, Carter. Again, I think. the entire team here is dedicated to putting together a portfolio management process that's state of the art. I think, your question is very well taken. It's a work in progress, right? So, we're -- first of all, we've hired a lot of new people into the organization with terrific expertise in different therapeutic areas. We're putting processes into place across research and development, into our commercial organization to help us make decisions accordingly. And I think, you'll see some of those play out in the near term as well. But, the philosophy that Merdad and Johanna and the rest of the team and I are firmly committed to is drawing the line at a level that makes sure that the programs that hurdle that line are really first and best-in-class. And I'm really pleased with how the organizations progress, both from an operational perspective, but then also from a scientific perspective over the course of the past year. But, as you know, I mean, this is a continual process. And we need to make sure that we're constantly looking at the outside environment, looking at the unmet medical need, going back to where that line is drawn in our organization and making consequential decisions on the portfolio. And we intend to do that. We intend to make tough decisions and fund those most attractive opportunities. I would also say, the other thing we're looking very hard at is a balance in our portfolio. I think, in the past, Gilead has also been -- seen as a company that went after a lot of high-risk, high-reward projects. In some cases, those were not successful in the late stages. I think, we're firmly committed to having a balanced portfolio where we're always holding the bar high for innovation, but making sure we derisk as much as possible earlier in the stages of development such that when you get into the late-stage investments in Phase 3, things have been de-risked, and therefore, your ability to succeed rises as well. So, these are all very conscious things we're working on together. Merdad, again, I apologize if -- you've trained me well. You [indiscernible] things to add on that as one of the leaders in organizing this portfolio.
Daniel O’Day: Thanks, Geoff, for the question. Really helpful, I mean, to hear your context on that. I mean, let me say a couple of things, first of all. I mean, we think Veklury remdesivir will make a significant contribution certainly to Gilead. I mean, it already has, as you've seen in the sales to date, and we think through the end of this year and into 2021. And potentially, on a seasonal basis, beyond, I mean, one has to -- there's a lot we still don't know about the pandemic, of course. But I think what we do know is that in order to get us all back to normal, this is going to take a variety of approaches. Of course, it's going to take vaccines. It's going to take therapeutics in the hospital. It's going to potentially take combinations of therapies in the hospitals. And then, it's going to need therapeutics pre-hospitals. So, I think we're proud to be at the front end of this with a very potent antiviral, which is a bedrock I think of any approach to a pandemic. But, we'll continue to need investment. We're fully committed to the investment in line extensions here and in seeing where else we might be able to play in that continuum from pre-hospital setting to hospitalized patients. Obviously, we're not going to play in the area of vaccines, but in area of therapeutics. We think there's a very good return on that investment. I think, the challenge we have is -- by the way, we used to have a Tamiflu when I was at Roche, is it becomes difficult to predict. And you've seen it already in our -- at the half year, of course, we gave quite wide guidance to give us opportunities to understand where the pandemic was going and exactly how this into play a role in it. And now, what we've done is we've reaffirmed that guidance, but we've narrowed it. And I think as we go into next year and the year after, we're just going to need to stay adaptable and flexible on how much of a contributor Veklury is to us, but we do feel very strongly that Veklury will contribute to our overall sales, be an important source of cash for our business and allow us to pay down debt and make sure that we continue to invest in the routine part of our business in antivirals and beyond. I think, the other statement I would make though, Geoff, is that as a result of both the internal and external portfolio development over the past year, and in particular, the Immunomedics and Trodelvy transaction, excluding Veklury, we're now very confident in our ability to grow in the short and midterm. So I think, Veklury will come on top of that and may have year-to-year variability. But, I think that's really the story of today's call and the evolution of the course of the past year. And thanks for giving me the opportunity to kind of put that into context.
