Norbert Bischofberger: Thank you, Susan. As you saw in the press release we issued this afternoon, Gilead received a Refuse to File notification from the FDA for our New Drug Application for the Truvada/TMC278 single tablet regimen for the treatment of HIV, which we submitted on November 23 of last year. As many of you already know, once an NDA is submitted, the FDA has up to 60 days to conduct their preliminary review to assess whether the NDA is sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. If FDA determines the NDA is not sufficiently complete, the FDA will issue a Refuse to File letter.  With the Refuse to File communication we received, FDA refers only to insufficient information in one portion of the chemistry, manufacturing and control section included in our initial submission. Specifically, FDA stated that our application does not contain sufficient information on the analytical methodology used to establish acceptable levels of recently-identified degradants related to emtricitabine.  Our NDA submission referenced the TMC278 single agent NDA submitted by Tibotec on July 23, 2010, which is supported by two pivotal Phase III studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of TMC278 in treatment-naïve HIV-infected patients. Our NDA filing for the Truvada/TMC278 single tablet regimen is supported by a bioequivalence study conducted by Gilead, as well as a section on Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls or CMC, which includes information on assuring identity, strength, quality and purity of the new drug product in evaluation of the manufacturing process and data from the stability program.  Since our submission and subsequent identification of these degradants, we've been working to validate the analytical methodology that it allows us to accurately quantify these degradants and assure that they are at an acceptable level. We believe that we have accomplished that process, and we will include this information in the refiling of the NDA.  We've had a very positive dialogue with FDA through the review period to date, and we believe this is a minor delay in the potential approvability of this drug. We expect to be in a position to refile the application before the end of the first quarter of this year.  A need to refile the NDA does not impede or delay our progress in initiating studies to evaluate the single tablet regimen versus other well-established regimens that are on the market today, so we will add three key supportive studies ongoing shortly: One, which is a head-to-head study of the 278 single tablet regimen versus Atripla; as well as two studies in which patients would switch from Atripla or a boosted protease inhibitor regimen to the Truvada/TMC278 single tablet. While we had planned for a U.S. launch in the second quarter of this year, even with this delay, we believe we will be in a position to introduce this important new option for HIV patients in the second half of 2011. I will now turn over the call to Robin to review our earnings.
Norbert Bischofberger: So just briefly, as laid out in ICH guidelines and as is common practice, any impurity, which is present in a drug product at a level of 0.2% or higher at the end of the shelf life has to be characterized. You have to have analytical methods for quantification that have to be validated, and the impurities have to be qualified to assure that they don't pose a risk. Now the qualification is typically done by a rodent toxicology study that uses a product sample that has been exposed to accelerated degradation. This sample contains the impurities much in excess of what one expects to see under common storage conditions. So we have followed and will continue to follow this path with all our products. We have done this with emtricitabine, and we have done it with all the emtricitabine-containing products, including the 278 single tablet regimen. Now recently, we became aware of degradation products which were not dictated by the existing analytical techniques. And by the way, this is not unusual at all. This happens all the time in the lifecycle of a product. And consequently, we started to develop and validate a new analytical method that could detect and quantify these degradants. It was unfortunate that at the time of the Truvada/278 NDA filing, this work was still ongoing. But we were hoping that we could submit the information to the FDA during the review. The FDA, however, decided that because of the short review time, and remember, they granted us priority review on this program, that they really needed all this information included in the original NDA. And so with this RTF, with the Refuse to File letter, they have formally asked us to include this information in an NDA and re-file. So we are now very close to completing the validation work, and as I pointed out before, we will file the NDA the first quarter of this year, and this is also the reason why we're very confident that this is what we're going to do. So while we're disappointed with this RTF letter, it constitutes only a three to four month delay, and I can assure you, we're going to work very closely with the FDA to obtain approval for this product in a timely manner. So I hope I've answered this question, Ravi.
Norbert Bischofberger: The short answer is, of course, we could show superiority. As you know, the superiority is defined statistically in the sense that the 95% -- the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval came across zero. So as long as you're on the positive side with the lower bound, you're deemed superior. So clearly, that's something we will be able to show. Mark, I can't readily answer the other part of your question because it all depends on what your assumption is for the point estimate difference. And so of course, the larger the difference is in terms of point estimate, the higher the power becomes that you are actually going to be able to show superiority, and we have tables like that, that we generated that I'm happy to share with you. I don't have them right here.
Norbert Bischofberger: If we completely replicated the point difference that we saw in the Phase II study, then we would then be superior. But Mark, I want to at the same time, use this opportunity to tell you, to remind you that the patient numbers were really small. As you'll remember in the control arm in one study, there were only 23 patients. So each one event would be 4%, which is a huge number. That's why I'm a little bit reluctant to take the Phase II data and simply say we replicated that. But the short answer is if that's the point estimate that we will replicate in Phase III, we will reach superiority.
Norbert Bischofberger: [Indiscernible] the answer is somewhat short because I could talk about this a long time. So the combinations that we're doing is essentially two small molecule antivirals, so 9190 with 9250, 9190 with 9451, which is another protease inhibitor. And we're also looking at our NS5A inhibitor combined with either 9190 or the protease. And the purpose of those studies is actually twofold. First of all, we want to explore whether two antivirals, whether we can shorten significantly the treatment with interferon to a shorter time. So we're looking at 12 or 16 weeks when we use it with two antivirals. The second purpose of all these study is to gain a little bit more experience in terms of safety of the individual agent but also safety of the combination. And then ultimately, of course, what we want to do and we hope we will be in a position to do that end of this year, to move three antivirals with ribavirin into a study where we can actually assess whether that will suffice to cure HCV infection. Now you had another question, you asked is actually two antivirals enough. You may remember or may have seen or not have seen the presentation that Stefan Zeuzem gave at the AASLD meeting last fall. And we actually clearly showed, and that's convincing that two antivirals is probably not enough. Even two antivirals with ribavirin, while that's a little bit better, it will still not suffice. So we think actually three antivirals with ribavirin has a very good chance of doing, of being enough to cure HCV infection. And as I said, we'll hope to be in a position to test that clinically in the later half of this year.
Norbert Bischofberger: I meant actually to say that before. I thought I made it clear. So Jason, we did both with Truvada, Atripla with the 278 single tablet regimen. With any application that we have done, we have always done a tox [toxicology] study with accelerated degradation product. So you take Truvada, expose it to accelerated degradation conditions, which is normally high temperature, high humidity. You generate all these impurities to a very high level. Then you do a tox study. Normally, it's a 14-day rodent tox study and you show that there's no additional safety concern. So we have done all of that. The only thing is at the time when we did the study, because the analytical methodology did not exist, we weren't aware that there was this additional degradation product in there. Now that we have the methodology, we do know it, and so with that study that we did years ago, with all these studies, we have essentially qualified the product and so there would not be any concerns for the existing product. There will not be any additional safety issue. As I said, the thing we have to deal with and the FDA has asked for is a validated methodology where we can say this is the lower limit of quantification. We have to set specifications, of course, and we have to use this new analytical methodology for the release of all emtricitabine-containing products going forward.
Norbert Bischofberger: Matt, I actually don't have the data right in front of me, but in all the Phase III studies that we have done previously, there was always about the proportion of patients greater than 100,000 viral load was always about 50%. And by the way, I know that for certain because that was always and is still a stratification factor in all of our studies. So I would expect to see the same thing in these Phase III studies, and I do not believe there is any decreased efficacy on the high viral load. We have absolutely no indication that, that will be the case. Remember, we have actually a fair amount of experience now in the experience study that has been ongoing for almost three years now and from what we know from there. And also if you just look at the blood levels that we get with elvitegravir when it's boosted and to Cmin, it's well in excess of the IC90. This compound has a very high, what is called IQ, the inhibitory quotient. The IC95 adjusted for protein-binding plasma concentration at the Cmin exceed [ph] 24 hours. So I have every confidence that this compound is going to be as potent as Atripla, and I'm also fairly convinced we're going to see better tolerability because there are no CMS side effects.
Norbert Bischofberger: Maybe I'll take, at least, part of your question. So the acceleration that John Martin referred to had to do with the fact that we are going directly into a five-day study, in the multiple-dose five-day study in HCV-infected patients. This is unusual. I'm not sure if you follow this in detail, but in the past, the FDA always asked companies, including us, to first do a PK [pharmacokinetic] study in the healthy volunteers. Once you had ascertained certain blood levels, then they would allow you to go into multiple dosage, the single dose probably HCV-infected patients and then multiple dose. This is the first time, the first in human, first-in-man, multiple-dose, five-day directly in HCV patients. With regards to timelines, you asked me, I'm a little bit reluctant to tell you exact timelines because a lot of it depends how things evolve and what kind of data we get. But we are looking towards initiating some triple antiviral therapy study without pegylated interferon, sometime hopefully towards the end of this year. And that could be, for instance, a protease inhibitor, our NS5A, and the nucleoside. That's a good combination that we think would have a very good chance of being able to cure HCV infection, at least in certain patients.
Norbert Bischofberger: So Robyn, this is an ongoing debate, as you know, and various regulatory agencies have different opinions on this. But as part of this, we have accelerated our sub-chronic and chronic tox studies. We're doing those a lot sooner than we would ordinarily do in any other therapeutic area. So by the time we initiate those studies, we will have data from the chronic tox studies. So six months of tox studies in two species; that's number one. And number two, of course, we're doing all the usual interaction studies in animals to make sure that there aren't any unusual drug interactions and we're also exploring those in humans. With regards to combination tox studies, it has always been our opinion that those are neither informative nor necessary, and a number of agencies actually agree with us. Because if you have adequately identified the profile of the single drug, then there is no reason to believe that two, the combination of two would have unexpected toxicities that wouldn't have been predicted based on the behavior of the single component.
Norbert Bischofberger: Jim, I would like to add, in the handful of studies that have been published on this subject, I think it's very clear, if you look at modeling that, the sooner you initiate treatment with a higher CD4 count, the more benefit you have downstream. But of course, the actual data on a patient that initiated therapy above 500 is relatively scarce. But from modeling, I think it's clear and it's also, as Kevin said, accepted by the medical community, that the sooner you initiate treatment, the more benefit you have medically.
Kevin Young: Hi, Geoff, it's Kevin. Actually, I think Slides 17 and 19 are beautiful, actually, really show the impact that guidelines are having both in Europe as well as the U.S., so I'm delighted with the change. Obviously, there are always a one quarter lag so you're always a little bit out of date. I'd just be careful to kind of extrapolate one set of information to another. As you know, Synovate comes off 4,000 patient records. And one or two patients sometimes can make a big difference when they're extrapolating up to patient universes. So as I've said on previous quarters, everything we've heard from physicians is that they're enthusiastic to start patients earlier. We haven't seen a lot of resistance. They've wanted to do this. They've accepted the guidelines, not only a DHHS change, but we're seeing that the French guidelines changed in the second half of last year. So I think this is very positive movement, and the physicians welcome the whole concept of beginning patients when they've got a healthier immune system and a better longer-term prognosis so I wouldn't split hairs here.
Kevin Young: Our formal partnership with BMS on sales and marketing activities does finish at the end of March; in other words, the end of the first quarter. So we will be independent with regards to our marketing materials and our sales activities. Of course, now in the situation where we have a small delay with Truvada/278, of course, Gilead will continue the promotion of Atripla. Certainly, it's the concentration of our effort and will be until such time that we get the approval and launch as we hope by the end of this year. What exactly BMS do is their own decision in terms of their own promotion of Atripla. We do hope that they continue with their backing of the product. So really to your question, yes, there's likely to be two companies promoting Atripla in 2011, albeit that we won't be quite as synced in our efforts as we have been previously. And I should add that Atripla will be a second detail once Truvada/278 does come to market, and it's the first detail later this year.
Kevin Young: Rachel, it's Kevin. I'll take the pricing question. So in terms of 2010, from the sort of austerity measures and the national haircuts that we were given, as the whole of the industry, the effect was about 2% on our prices for 2010 versus 2009. If we look into 2011, obviously, you've got the full year effect of countries like Spain and Germany, Greece and Turkey. So we estimate that, that will notch up to about 3% for 2011. And there is likely to be a little more than that because of just general referencing of prices that takes place around countries. So our estimate for 2011 would be in the 3% to 4% reduction in prices across Europe.
Kevin Young: And in terms of the Atripla Truvada/278 mix, and the nice thing is, Ian, you have got one playing up the other here. It's always a challenge to estimate the launch of a new product, particularly when you've got several of your own stable in an area. I think we've got a slightly different launch going here for Truvada/278 than we had for Atripla because the components aren't on the market, and don't have a natural switch taking place. I certainly think in the short-term delay that we've got, obviously, Atripla will take up the slack that we had previously thought would be part of the initial launch of Truvada/278, albeit it's a different margin that we get off of Atripla versus Truvada/278. So we're still optimistic. We still think this second single tablet regimen has some attributes that will benefit patients where Atripla doesn't quite meet the mark. So despite this small delay that we're announcing today, certainly, my organization is still very enthusiastic about the launch.
Kevin Young: Well, I think both products had a nice quarter. Letairis was very solid, growing to $64 million, total $240 million so we've now got nice products on our hands. The demand was very much in line with the purchase. It goes through specialty pharmacies. Typically, they hold fairly lean inventories. Our ERA share, in total right now, is about 35%, but it's nice to see that we have a slightly higher share in the major PH centers, that's over 38%. So there's a sense of optimism around Letairis. We think we can do very well in 2011. And with the studies that we're now doing, I think the PH communities see the commitment that Gilead is making to the area, as well as some of the new hires. We just hired a fantastic person from San Diego, a leading cardiologist with a lot of experience in PH. And I think again, that says that we're investing in this area. In terms of Ranexa, there was a slight mismatch between the prescriptions and the revenues. Prescriptions grew about 6%. Revenues grew at 12%, and that's really due to offtake by chains below the major wholesalers. The major wholesalers were in line with our inventory management agreements. It does seem as though there was a slightly higher offtake below that level to the major retail pharmacies. I think this is just because Ranexa is a smaller product than our HIV products, and it's just more difficult for those chains to judge how much they would purchase. The final thing I would say about Ranexa is we're getting more and more prescribing from the internal medicine physician, which I think is very positive. A lot of you said that there was untapped potential there, and we're starting to see that come through. And just a small market, you'll see that we've shown that we're getting more of the 1,000-mg dose used, we're now up at 18%; whereas, we were only at 12% when we began with Ranexa. And that's important to us because we want physicians to be transitioning to the higher doses because of greater efficacy and patients staying on because they're doing better. So we're pleased with the progress on both fronts with the two products.
Kevin Young: Yes. All the major events that we expect to take place are included in our guidance. Just to put some color on that, Josh, we have an expectation that we will see other generic 3TC launches across Europe in the first half of this year. Quite what the order of that will be remains to be seen. Often, a company can get supplementary patent protection on a national basis so it's never easy to see how that will unfold. We don't share the details around what happened to our prices. I have to say that we were ready for this event. We have signed contracts with hospitals in certain regions. We actually had our highest market shares for Truvada and for Atripla recently. So I think those price volume contracts are working. And I should also add that we had a lot of support from the physicians in Spain who don't look to break up the HIV regimens. So I think we've handled that entry well, and we take those learnings to our other countries if and when the generic 3TC comes along. And just to add, we have still not seen an entry of generic 3TC in the U.S.
Kevin Young: We don't typically put out a dollar figure. We have very tight bands now. I think, as you remember, just over a year ago, we signed new IMAs with three major wholesalers. That's approximately 90% of our HIV business goes through those three wholesalers. But I can assure you they are very, very tight bands. We did see just an uplift of about a day within the range, but about a day, through our major wholesalers. So that's the best way I would look at it. We did see a little bit of uplift in the U.S. from some of our smaller wholesalers, who are not subject to IMAs. They do tend to speculate a bit on price increases, but that's a relatively small piece of our business. So about an extra day was put into our major wholesalers, but again within the contractual ranges that we have.
Kevin Young: Just a little bit of color on that. There really are relatively modest expansions in our commercial efforts. We want to roll out Cayston in several more of the larger European markets. We are going to tickle up the size of our Cayston sales force in the U.S. based upon the very successful introduction to date. We've got our Poland affiliates starting, have started from January 1. And we just got some small resources going into Asia as we start our strategy for Viread HPV in Asian markets.
Kevin Young: Hey, Phil, it's Kevin. Our non-retail, which is virtually all ADAP, was very solid in the fourth quarter. There was a healthy purchase from the major direct purchase centers, Texas, Puerto Rico. We even had a good purchase from Florida. Florida is one of the ADAP programs that we're watching very closely right now because their waiting list has grown. But even Florida has federal dollars that they need to spend, so it was a fairly solid in line quarter. Non-retail basically matched the growth in the retail market. Quite what's going to happen in Q1 remains to be seen. We'd expect them to spend all of their federal dollars, and state dollars for that matter. It has been smoother, the whole phasing of that purchase for the fiscal year 2010. Quite how much money they've all got left, we never really know until the quarter's over. Just to add, in terms of 2011, the legislation is in place for the federal dollars to increase by 5%, and we would hope the appropriations are made for that. And so again, we would expect that, that federal funding is solid for the coming year. And in terms of the purchase, no, there was nothing really out of the ordinary. We fulfilled an order in Brazil. The rest of the markets were fairly standard. It is important to add, Phil, that we're not expecting any further purchase from Brazil of Viread because of their desire to source Viread elsewhere as a result of their stance on our intellectual property. So Brazil will be a missing component from our international sales for 2011.
Kevin Young: Well, it's not perfect, but we have the Synovate data that you can see on Slide 17 and 19. That's median data. We previously split it below 350 and above 350. So that's about as good that we can get. We have no additional information where it's a particular patient category, patient demographic, that the HIV physicians are singling out. It's my sense from field visits, it's certainly the sense from talking to the sales forces that there's a generalized acceptance that irrespective of background of the patient, as long as the physician feels that the correct patient is in a good place, that they understand that they're beginning HIV therapy and that they're going to be compliant, that whether it's male, female or whatever type of demographic a person has, that they will begin therapy.
Robin Washington: So we've communicated that we expect to complete the existing remaining $2 billion of the current outstanding $5 billion program this year.
Robin Washington: Yes, we expect it to be at the same pace. I mean, as always, if there are opportunities to be opportunistic, we will do that. And clearly, with the authorization of the new share repurchase, if those exist, we now have the wherewithal to be able to do that. The other thing that we've talked about is getting rated in the first half of 2011. So that's a process that we hope to get complete and be able to continue to update you on our longer-term capital structure.
Robin Washington: So the first part of it is yes, Ian, it does include 278 revenues based on the expected commercialization of that towards the latter half of the year.
Robin Washington: Tom, this is Robin. I mean, I think I would say if you look at our guidance, we've just taken an overall prudent view in how we framed it. I mean, with just an awareness of build around microeconomic uncertainties in the U.S. and international. Kevin provided color earlier around pricing in Europe so we've included the full year impact of that, as well as healthcare reform, the full-year impact of that also. And as I mentioned in my script from an FX perspective, a 10% change is $100 million to $150 million, and we did see a significant volatility in 2010 that may continue in 2011. So if all of that happens, we felt it important to be prudent which is why to your point, consistent that we have $8.1 million, it's the $7.9 million which would be all in including a lot of the potential downsides that could occur, uncertainties that we're unaware of.
Robin Washington: Yes, yes, that's still correct, Jason. And we could give you more color if you want to talk after the call as well.
