Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everybody. We really appreciate you joining today. We look forward to sharing our second quarter results, which highlighted a quarter of strong commercial and clinical execution. This was a very strong quarter for our business, delivering revenue of US$6.1 billion. Excluding Veklury, total product sales grew 7% year-over-year. If we look at the underlying business and also exclude the impact of the HIV LOEs and the currency headwinds in the second quarter, growth was actually 11%. Our HIV portfolio continues to deliver, and this quarter was no exception with higher demand for both treatment and PrEP. Biktarvy sales grew by 28% year-over-year, and we expect to see continued market growth for treatment and prevention with the ongoing market recovery. This was a record quarter for our oncology business. Revenues topped $0.5 billion for the first time with a strong contribution from Trodelvy and a standout performance by our cell therapies. Yescarta was approved by the FDA for second-line relapsed/refractory large B-cell lymphoma in April. This increased awareness and go demand not only for Yescarta's second-line patients but also for those in later lines of treatment. Yescarta is a potentially curative therapy, and Kite has uniquely and effectively scaled manufacturing to meet the needs of patients through the benefit. Turning to our clinical progress. Our NDA submission has been accepted by the FDA for lenacapavir for heavily treatment-experienced people living with HIV, and we are now expecting the decision in late December. If approved, lenacapavir will be the first approved cased inhibitor and the first therapy with a 6-month dosing schedule for HIV treatment. Moving to Trodelvy. We are in discussions with the FDA regarding a potential regulatory pathway for late-stage hormone-receptor-positive/HER2-negative patients, and we will update you as things progress. We have also begun screening patients in ASCENT-3 and ASCENT-4 evaluating Trodelvy in the first-line metastatic triple-negative breast cancer patients. We dosed the first patient in our new Phase 2 study evaluating Trodelvy in non-small cell lung cancer, EVOKE‐02. And earlier this month, we dosed the first patient in a new Trodelvy combination arm in our ongoing magrolimab triple-negative breast cancer study. Also from magrolimab, we are targeting an interim analysis no later than early 2023 for ENHANCE, our Phase 3 study in first-line, high-risk MDS. Additionally, we dosed the first patient for ENHANCE-3, a Phase 3 magrolimab study for first-line unfit AML. Moving to Slide 5. Later this year, we expect to initiate an additional 5 studies for Trodelvy in a mix of monotherapy and combination studies. We also plan to start enrolling patients in three cell therapy trials and two domvanalimab combination trials. The extent of existing and planned studies really highlights the scale of our ambitious oncology program. I want to take this opportunity to thank the teams across Gilead and Kite for a terrific quarter of commercial execution and for the continued momentum in our clinical programs to continue to lay the critical groundwork for Gilead's future success. With that, I'll invite Johanna to share an update on our second quarter commercial performance.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks, Tyler. I mean I'll start. This is Dan. I mean, I think it's important for everybody on the call to note that we, as a company, and I think as an industry, are very focused on the fundamental issue in the U.S., which is reducing patient out-of-pocket costs. And there are lots of different ways to do that. Unfortunately, the current legislation falls very short of making an impact upon patients. And in particular, the negotiation part of the proposal is really a -- I think a real dangerous precedent in terms of potentially reducing forward innovation. I think in terms of how -- as you know, Tyler, the bill is still very much in discussion right now, and it's very difficult to determine the full impact. What I would say is, it's several years away, first of all, from the first impact. And of course, in the Part D area of the reform, that could have some impact on our business but also help patient out-of-pocket costs. I think when one starts to think about the negotiation aspect of the bill, it's still, I think, too premature to think about exactly how that could affect, and it is later in the decade in terms of its impact. So let's take it one step at a time, I think, to first see what happens with the current legislation, the discussions going on in Washington. Rest assured that we are actively involved in supporting what we think are patient-oriented benefits here and adjustments to the program. And then once -- and we'll see where that goes over the coming weeks and months, we'll be able to give you even more clarity on how things might impact our business. But overall, I would just emphasize the strength of our portfolio is strong. I mean we have tremendous new innovations coming out of the pipeline. We have continued growth in our HIV business and beyond. And I think the innovation cycle at Gilead is very sound.
Daniel O'Day: I'll just add. Thanks, Carter. I know there's a lot of moving parts here, so I just want to kind of reinforce a couple of things. As you know, there are three different aspects of the bill. I mean one is, of course, the Part D reform. And here, a major difference from what occurs today, instead of 10% in the catastrophic phase, it goes to 20% in catastrophic phase. It is potentially in the second half of the [decade]. I think something -- from our perspective, that as we look at our business is quite manageable. The second thing is inflation rebate, which I think we would have a low to 0 exposure to. And then the third one is negotiation. I just want to be clear on negotiations. There's a lot of moving parts here. And to Johanna's point, it does not affect the entirety of the government business. Much of the government business is already contracted and under negotiation. And so I really think -- and I'm sure you'll find this with most companies that it's extraordinarily difficult to measure that impact. It also compressed later in the decade. And there's quite a bit of ambiguity about what's products and how and when. And there'll be a lot of discussions should this legislation be passed about the details associated with that. So again, as much as I believe this is not the right thing to do for the industry, I also believe that we've got a very robust underlying business here and that these impacts are not short term at this stage. So, yes. And just to be clear, on that 20% figure that's...
Daniel O'Day: Great. So thanks so much for joining today. I just want to thank you again. I just want to reinforce what a strong quarter this was and thank the team for really significant momentum, I would say, in our business. You saw our first quarter or second quarter. We're committed to delivering quarter after quarter on this on both the commercial execution of the pipeline side and really excited about where we stand right now and where we're heading. With that, I'll turn it over to Jacquie for some closing comments.
Merdad Parsey: Brian, this is Merdad. I guess I'll start with that. For us right now, as we go forward with the study, I think we'll continue our focus on, of course, the OS evolution of the trial. And I think as we see how those data evolve over time, we will use that in our discussions with regulators as we go forward. In terms of additional subpopulations, of course, we'll keep an eye on a number of things in terms of whether it's line of therapy or those sorts of subpopulations or duration of prior therapy, which were all part of the original analysis. But those were -- it's consistent with what we've already shown at ASCO and the data that we've presented and shared with you. So it will be consistent with what we've already shown.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks for the questions. So as far as the oral new program for COVID-19 goes, the Phase 1 study is in healthy volunteers. So we don't expect to see anything other than safety and PK in that study. And all I can say is I think things have gone very well with that trial so far both from a tolerability and an exposure standpoint. So we're very happy with where we are. And now we'll move into the proof-of-concept and clinical development stage. So no viral load data to share. And then in terms of the ARC-7 data, I don't think -- I guess I would suggest not overreading. We are working with Arcus, and we will -- as the data roll out, we will be sharing data Arcus, and we will be sharing data from the ARC-7 study later on this year and the data that we will have. We're not really detailing what those data are going to look like right now. But be assured that we'll work with them to show data later this year.
Merdad Parsey: And from a long-acting standpoint, I'd just reiterate with the PDUFA date at the end of the year for lenacapavir in highly treatment experience, I think that will be the first approval, knock wood, for lenacapavir, and I think that gets us started. After that, remember then we have multiple efforts ongoing. On the PrEP side, we have the purpose studies that are underway. Those are longer-term studies because they're prevention studies, so they'll take a little bit longer to read out. We're looking at few years there, a couple of years, at least for those studies. And then on the treatment side, we are -- we have a number of shots on goal there, both oral long-acting as well as subcutaneous long-acting. And there, we are -- we have our own efforts. And you may have noticed we have a number of partner molecules that are coming through our pipeline that could be partnered with lenacapavir for a full treatment regimen that would include lenacapavir. And we continue to work with Merck on the potential for lenacapavir combinations with islatravir. So a lot of different options and a lot of work that's ongoing. And as those progress further along, we'll keep you updated.
Christi Shaw: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question. I'll start with the second piece, reimbursement. Our reimbursement is really good. We have 98% access, and that's Medicaid, Medicare and commercial. Even with the second-line launch, in less than one quarter, we already have -- we already had 94% paid for across the three group. So reimburse in terms of the uptake, your first point of your question, the uptake that we've seen since launch is first primarily due to second line. We've seen the patients that are going for stem cell transplants are the ones that are getting referred instead of that transplant to second-line Yescarta. So that is our initial both. So what we expect is we've had this 68% year-over-year growth, 34% quarter-over-quarter. But we do believe that this is a bolus, and we expect the second half of the year going forward that -- we expect that growth to normalize to historical rates as that growth becomes more dependent on the referrals from the community. So we expect it to be still a really good growth, but we do believe that this is a bolus in the second line of the patients that exist in the ADCs and for the rest of the year. Just to reiterate that, that growth will return to more historic growth rates.
Christi Shaw: Thank you for the question, Steve. It's really great news for patients right now. Not only is Yescarta being used, but more importantly, we're seeing the class grow. So the use of cell therapy overall is growing, which means instead of the two out of 10 patients receiving cell therapy, more are. And that was really -- the impetus for that was really the second-line approval in April. Also all of the data that you saw at ASH with our ZUMA 5-year data -- ZUMA-1 5-year data of overall survival, ZUMA-7 second-line NCCN guidelines, Yescarta being the only Category 1 NCCN product approved for second line. So we do see that this momentum is starting to happen, where it is the only curative potential that physicians have in this grave disease safer patients. So as we look to the future, we're very optimistic that we're trying to get this closer to patients in the outpatient setting, which we are doing through clinical trials. And also some of our authorized treatment centers have already published their data on utilization of Yescarta in the outpatient setting, i.e. Vanderbilt. And as we look at the frontline setting, we're in negotiations right now with the regulatory authorities on exactly how do we define high risk for that trial. So I do think we're finally starting to realize the potential of this curative therapy for patients. And I think that this will continue. I will say, though, that this bolus is -- I'll reiterate what I said before. This is a bolus, we believe, with the second-line launch of this pent-up demand in the [HCC] treating patients who are immune to authorized treatment centers, stem cell transplant. So the heavy lifting is over. We have a lot of work to do to educate physicians in the community to ensure that they're referring patients to treatment centers at a timely fashion. So we do have work to do in education, and that's included in the community and also the -- as we launch in multiple countries across the globe. So we do see a steady growth continuing for the next quarters and years to come.
Christi Shaw: Happy to. So one of the things we're probably particularly proud of is our ability to supply patients both consistently, reliably into the high-quality standards. And that started with El Segundo, California. But to your point, in the EU, Amsterdam is now supplying all of Europe for Yescarta, and they're starting to do Tecartus as well. And so we expect all of the manufacturing for European patients to move to the Amsterdam site by the end of this year. In addition, we just opened the Maryland site, which is the first time we'll actually have automation. One of our -- one of two modules of automation is up and running in Maryland. And that had -- that Maryland site has allowed us to actually increase our number of slots for patients by 50%. So we feel very confident that we not only can provide patients for what we have today, but what we have in the future and for the future ramp-up that we have plenty of capacity to supply and continue to ensure that we have the high-quality standards. The last piece I'll say on supply is we made a decision about 2.5, three years ago to bring in viral vector at Oceanside, California. So we're not at the whim of ups and downs, if you will, of viral vector supply. So we have both internal and external ability to ensure that we can keep that continuity for patients and not be disrupted.
Johanna Mercier: Sure, Olivia. It's Johanna. Let me take that one on. Speaking with a lot of our specialists across the U.S. but also in Europe, they have seen obviously the rising number of monkeypox. And there is a correlation with both our HIV treatment business but also with prevention because the general percentage, the higher percentage of folks that are experiencing monkeypox are actually men having sex with men. And so obviously, that's the overlap. So on the contrary, we're not seeing an impact to our HIV business. We're actually seeing more screening and diagnosis that are coming in, in light of that and because of that close association. So I do think -- and the same people are treating. The prevention piece is actually a really important piece of the puzzle to try to prevent moving forward with monkeypox and getting the vaccines in. So definitely more on the positive front of our HIV business and how ever we can support that, that's what we're trying to do right now.
Johanna Mercier: Thanks, Matthew. It's Johanna. Let me try to give you a little bit more context. So as you saw from a global standpoint, we had really strong growth across the board. A lot of that growth, as you're referring to, comes from some of the market launches in Europe, namely France and Germany, where there's been a bit of a bolus but also real learnings as to making sure that we increase awareness for Trodelvy early on. And so from a U.S. standpoint, we actually did see strong demand growth quarter-over-quarter. We saw it at about 7%. Unfortunately, it got impacted by unfavorable onetime pricing dynamics. And so that's where you see the net revenues are only up 1%. No concerns on our end because we do see the momentum actually continuing from a share standpoint, and we definitely haven't maximized our opportunity in Trodelvy. Let me tell you, I think that with the incredible overall survival data and the only overall survival data that's shown in this patient population, there's a real opportunity for us to educate and increase the awareness. That's something that we've been tracking really closely is that awareness piece. We got a little slowed down through the COVID era just because offices and cancer centers were quite shut down. But having said that, that picked up really quite nicely over the last three to four months and we've expanded our footprint. As you may recall, we close to tripled our footprint as of April-May time frame.  Now obviously, as you know, when you do that, you're not -- you shouldn't expect results, I would love it, but you shouldn't expect results within the first month. It usually takes about six months or so to start seeing those through, and we should see those come through in the fall as well as additional countries getting reimbursement as you've seen from some of the HTA decisions that have come through and launching in Europe as well. So looking forward to that, but definitely more opportunity ahead and definitely on track to make sure we capture that opportunity.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Let me start with that. So thanks, David, for your question. I think we touched on a little bit about some of the potential impact. Having said that, from a split government to, I guess, commercial business, it's around -- depending on the different pieces, you're looking at around 40%, 50% versus about a 30% commercial. So that -- what I'm including in that is more your Medicaid/Medicare kind of business, and that's what's kind of playing out to your -- as well as your 340B. So I think it's really -- I don't think you should look at it more -- just looking at the percentage of the business. I think it's going to be really interesting to see how all this plays out and when it plays out because it's nothing is really going to impact us for quite some time. I would also suggest that we look at the incredible diversity of our portfolio that we're growing year-on-year and also the geographical diversity as well, which I think will really help mitigate some of these pressures as we go forward. But just from a government business, you are looking probably close to 50% of our total business is in the government setting.
Johanna Mercier: Yes. Thanks. You cut out a little bit. Apologies. So let me get the first part of that question, and then I'll throw it over to Merdad for the long-acting. So from an HIV screening standpoint, we're about 8% below pre-pandemic levels, so very much in line with kind of where we were pre-2019. From a diagnosis standpoint, what you're seeing is that 30% or so below pre-pandemic, but that's kind of normal. What we've seen in the past, even prior to COVID-19, we're seeing a decline of the diagnosis rate about 10% year-over-year. And so if you think about three years, that's about your 30%. So not a huge surprise there and good news, right, as you're thinking about how this HIV market is -- its evolution. What I would like to focus you on, though, is the fact that from a treatment and PrEP standpoint, we are above pre-pandemic levels from a market growth standpoint. And so we feel very confident that the market has recovered. And actually, in PrEP, it's more than recovered. It's actually higher than it's ever been before. So it's actually an expansion of the market. So I think we're in much better shape, and it's taken a little bit more time for treatment. But I think as of Q2, I can honestly say that it is really in a very good place, which is great news for patients.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. So let me take that one, Mohit. The -- so basically from a market share standpoint, we basically -- we lost maybe a point or so over the last year, but we're at about 44% market share for Descovy in PrEP, which I think is pretty incredible if you think about the generic competition that we've been facing. The balance of that market share right now is pretty much all Truvada, Truvada generics. There's about less than 1% if you think of aptitude as you think about new entrants in the marketplace. So it's really a mix of Descovy for PrEP as well as Truvada genericization. The -- from a pricing standpoint, what you were referring to, the -- it has stabilized, although the rebates are definitely higher than what we were doing in the past just because there's choice now. And we are really trying to ensure that Descovy is a choice for physicians when people at risk need something. And so we want to make sure that that's an option for them and making sure that we have the best on the marketplace with -- if you think about the bone and renal safety profile that Descovy can offer. So that's really why we've been playing in that field, and that's why it's come -- it's put a little bit of more pressure on the commercial fund, specifically on the rebate front. And so I think that's stabilizing, but every year is a new year as we enter negotiations, so more to come as we go into 2023. But for 2022, we're in good shape. And we're also leveraging the incredible market growth for prevention that's been playing out. So all the things are very positive things for Descovy in prevention as well as for people at risk.
