John Martin: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. The first quarter of this year was productive, was a productive one on many fronts. We saw a significant moment with several of our pipeline programs as well as some disappointments. John Milligan will speak about our R&D efforts in greater depth, but I wanted to highlight a couple of things. First and foremost, I’m very pleased with the progress of our HIV pipeline of products. As you have seen, we’ve moved our Quad and cobicistat programs into Phase III development and as Johnson & Johnson announced on their call this morning, both TMC 278 Phase III studies met their primary efficacy objective after 48 weeks. In February, Cayston received approval from the U.S. FDA for the improvement of respiratory symptoms in cystic fibrosis patients with pseudomonas aeruginosa. I’d like to acknowledge the teams here at Gilead who worked tirelessly with the agency to move toward approval of this important product. Cayston is the first new therapy for cystic fibrosis and approved in more than a decade. And just this month, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services announced the release of more than $1.84 billion in support of programs established through the Ryan White Treatment Extension Act for people living with HIV/AIDS. This amount was in line with expectations. Specifically, $800 million was granted to State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs or ADAPs, which provide medications including antiretrovirals to patients in need. As we described in our last earnings call, some of the Ryan White funds in the program are allocated toward a goal of administering 5 million HIV tests each year. And as you know, Gilead is active on testing as well. We continue to partner with Frontline organizations who are working to reach those undiagnosed individuals living with HIV in high incidence areas. Our expanded efforts are focused in Los Angeles, Washington DC and New York, specifically Harlem, South Bronx and Central Brooklyn. We are working with community health clinics and networks where many at risk individuals access healthcare to expand routine HIV testing and linkage to care, as well as with other care intervention sites such as pharmacy, STD clinics and transitional housing units, including those serving formerly incarcerated individuals. We are starting to see some momentum from the recent changes in the U.S. treatment guidelines issued in December of last year that now more strongly endorse initiating treatment for patients earlier in their diseases. For instance San Francisco recently made headlines for introducing a Department of Public Health Initiative to implement city guidelines recommending patient start therapy as soon as they are diagnosed, recognizing that earlier treatment not only results in improved survival rates, but also that transmission of the virus is greatly reduced. Sources state that there are 2,000 individuals in San Francisco alone who are aware of their status, but are not currently being treated. We continue to make progress to remove barriers to access to all patients around the world who could benefit from a variety of our therapies. As you know, we announced in November of last year an agreement with GSK to commercialize Viread for the treatment of Hepatitis B virus in adults in five countries, including eight countries in Asia, including China where GSK will have exclusive commercialization rights and registration responsibilities for Viread for HPV. Last month, I attended the Asian Pacific Association for the Study of the Liver conference in Beijing where there was significant enthusiasm from physicians and community about Viread’s profile. This favorable opinion will be further enforced as we continue to generate data on the favorable resistance profile and long term efficacy and safety of the drug. In January, we announced that Per Wold-Olsen has joined Gilead’s Board of Directors. Per spent more than 30 years with Merck, most recently serving as President of the company’s human health intercontinental division. We’ve had the benefit of his expertise for the past several years through as well as a member and former chair of Gilead’s Health Policy Advisory Board, a group that he helped form to advice us on global health policy issues and access issues. His depth of experience in pharmaceutical industry and specifically his knowledge of international policy regulatory and commercial practices and challenges will be of great value to Gilead and to our Board. And finally, Gilead has had another strong quarter on their earnings front.  I’ll now turn the call over to Robin to review our financial results.
John Martin: Yeah, we don’t typically split the effects on our revenues by country, but let me give you a little more color on what’s been happening over there. As I said, it’s the kind of a mix between the natural impacts that countries bring about and that’s depending on time the drug has been in the market, how they reference over counties, but we’ve also seen the additional layering in certain countries of national decreases not only on Gilead drugs, but across the industry. Examples of that would be in December we had an increase in the rebates in Turkey on pharmaceuticals from 12% to 23%, so a considerable increase. In Greece, we have seen an increase in frequency now going forward for the references that they do for other countries, usually once per year, now they are going to move to a three times per year references. And as I said, there is this, potential in Germany for an additional 10% rebate. I think our view here is that there is a fairly high likelihood of that taking place and our estimate would be probably from the third quarter of this year. And just for information we have seen this type of change before in Germany. The rebate did go up from 6% to 16% so a 10% change in 2004 and then came down subsequently in 2005, so these are not new to winning our business in Europe.
John Martin: I’m sorry, so you’ve switched from healthcare reform to the five HCV candidates, you weren’t all that clear.
John Martin: Yes, I think you’ve variances. So the other answers were not going to specific either, because we are obviously we’re not talking about the other three candidates. So we have the two that are in clinical development 9190 and 9256 and then we have three other candidates that are currently in clinical development and we’ll bring the data out on those as we start to see if they have antiviral activity in the Phase I studies that they’re currently in.
John Martin: I’m going to let Robin answer the question with regard to cash levels and capital use, because that’s a more appropriate discussion for the CFO, but I will follow up with the last part of that question, what are the diseases areas we are looking in. So clearly continued to look under the disease areas, where we’ve been have the greatest scientific expertise including Hepatitis C, additional things in HIV and other areas, including PAH and specialty cardiovascular disease is where we continue to look. But we’re also looking at a wider, we’ve cast the net wider, Steve so we are looking at other areas where we can potentially bring in other products. The problem, of course, is that we start to have a public discussion it makes the whole ability to do those sorts of things nearly impossible. So this is very frustrating for you and very frustrating for us conversation about what we’re going to do next in this area. So, it’s a difficult one to answer, but we are going to use the expertise we have scientifically to try to bring in products that will help us sell into the various franchises we’ve build and into the geography that we’ve now built out, which I think is going effectively very, very well.
John Martin: We have gotten guidance back from the FDA that they would like us to wait until the TMC278 application has been accepted. So, there is a validation period that it goes through so, initially we are hopefully could file with TMC278 and now there will be a delay in terms of the timing of filing based on the FDA response. We’ve talked about that publicly previously, so this isn’t new, but it does put us closer to the second half -- the end of the year rather than earlier because of that delay.
John Martin: No, this is not something new. And of course while there has been some guidance from -- rough guidance from J&J on when they’re going to file, they don’t have a specific date either. So, we can’t be anymore specific than they are.
John Martin: Now I can give you some generalities, I don’t have the specifics in front of me, but this study was designed to enroll patients who have had previous experience on tobramycin. Not necessarily TOBI, remember in Europe, there is a lot of home brewed tobramycin that’s used by different pharmacies and sold into the patient population. So it was designed to select patients who have had consistent tobramycin use and it has been the observation in those longer term studies that tobramycin effect goes down cycle-after-cycle. So this is somewhat consistent with what we would have expected, although probably more on the low end than I would predicted, whereas you should recall in the 06 studies, the Cayston activity seems to be fairly consistent cycle-after-cycle and the 06 was our rollover studies from our pivotal studies where we continued to give Cayston month-on month-off for many cycles and so we’re more optimistic than we were even that we’ll have a more consistent effect and that this could be a very nice replacement, especially for patients who are TOBI resistant in Europe. 
Kevin Young: First of all, in terms of ADAP, if you look at the full year of 2009 it was very consistent, the non-retail growth versus basically all retail prescribing. I think the difference that we saw in the 2009 financial year, as a reminder that ends at the end of the first quarter of this year was basically that the phasing and I think what we saw in 2009 fiscal year was it was much slower than in previous years. In other words, it was stronger in Q3 and Q4 and a little bit less in Q1. So, overall I think it was very consistent with the retail prescribing and retail growth, but it was just really a little bit different because the budgets of the, the base budgets and the supplementals were issued earlier as you might remember in 2009. Now when it comes to the fiscal year 2010, as John Martin said that, the base budgets have gone out, there are small increase on 2009, which is good and now what everybody is waiting for are the supplementals. I think based on the base budgets, our expectation would be something similar, hopefully a little bit more, but something similar to 2009. And then the question of course remains is where those supplemental budgets go because they do vary year-to-year on what ADAP program, what states receive the supplemental. Last year it was 20 states that received a total of about $40 million. It remains to be seen what states will receive those funds so that’s how it summarized the situation. 
Kevin Young: We have a freeze-in right now for our federal payers, that’s quite right, the largest proportion of which is ADAP and we’ve committed to that to the end of 2010. Thereafter we will be thinking back through very carefully during the rest of the year. I think in the early parts of healthcare reform discussion, our observation from a distance, we wondered like a lot of companies whether additional rebates would be applied to the payers where we have discounts already in place that are greater than the current 15% now moving to the 23% that have been mandated and it’s quite clear from the legislation that irrespective of the discount that you have in place to these federal players, an additional 8% has to be added and I think that’s the clarity that’s now come in the legislation.
Kevin Young: Yes, it’s 12% on an MAT basis, I think we should always remember that this is a survey as we’ve said in the past based on 200 physicians and we have a much larger base that we are coming off. There are now 581,000 antiretroviral treated patients and obviously that’s a much larger base than we’ve had historically. If you look at the growth in Europe that’s 7% on 294,000 patients. So obviously, a different base. I think and what we’re going to be watching carefully going forward is the impact of all of the communications that we’re having on the new DHS guidelines. I was talking to my team earlier today and it’s quite that right across the U.S. in HIV clinics private, public or indeed even VA, that physicians are having the discussions about starting therapy earlier, so we’ll just have to see how that works out.
Kevin Young: Guidelines, always actually follow, to a large extent clinical practice. Over 30% of HIV stocks are already within the new guidelines. Of those 350 actually 10% are already above 500, so there are physicians out there who’ve already and have been for some time applying the new guidelines. Talking to my team this morning, what physicians are not doing and we didn’t expect them to do is they’re not recalling patients especially to change onto drug. What they are doing is they are having more proactive discussions with patients; and I think historically they may have presented the pros and cons and let the patient come to an opinion. We certainly sense that there is a much more persuasive and compelling set of arguments given by the physician to the patient with a greater sense of urgency but it’s the physician’s opinion that the patient should now stop therapy and that’s what we are hearing.
Robin Washington: Sure, Joel. Basically for the majority of the government payers such as ADAP and PHS, the impact on healthcare reform is delayed until Q3 2010 due to the pricing mechanism, so there’s about a two quarter lag between the Medicaid pricing employed by those government run entities. So, we have a more backend loaded ramp of healthcare reform based on those two components.
Robin Washington: Healthcare reform impact all of our business, but clearly on the HIV side that’s where we see the largest impact happening.
Robin Washington: Yeah, Rachel, we can’t say anything about the study results that have come out of TMC278. Johnson & Johnson is very clear that they are not going to resolve -- they’re not going to release, excuse me, any result until the scientific conference and in fact we had to push pretty hard just to get the top line notes. So, we are pleased with that. So, sorry that I can’t give you more, but well stay tuned and there will be more that I can say later on in the year. Second with regard to the co formulated status, we are continuing to work on multiple formulation. We, from we are today believe that if one of them is successful, we can still have a filling before the end of the year. But beyond that until we have one, I can tell you any more, so we’ll have to wait until such time that we can make that announcement. 
Robin Washington: Sure, So, on the first component, which is the Medicaid rebate, there was the 8% increase in the rebate that we experienced just like all other pharmaceutical companies. So that’s really to driver for the incremental discounts for us, right, and that impacts even some of our more heavily discounted areas including ADAP, PHS as well as Medicaid. So we were impacted by that just like everyone else was. To your other question, what happens in 2011, we can’t quantify it, but in addition, our business growth will be a bigger overall impact relative to what we saw in 2010, but added to that would be the industry, the excise tax, which we haven’t calculated yet. We’re still trying to understand how it ultimately will be calculated, but that will be one component of it. The other piece you need to think about is the Medicare Part D doughnut hole discount, which could also have some impact, although less so for us in that we have a lot of non -- dual eligible. So they would be cover under Medicaid, but we could see some incremental impact there as well.
Robin Washington: So to answer your first question relative to Medicare Part D, a large component of our patient are dual eligible so we don’t expect a significant impact, but the discount percentage is pretty steep, it’s about 50%, so the impact it would have on our business, which we anticipate to be about maybe 1% to 2% of our payer mix would be a significant discount of our dollar wise [ph] not huge. The second half of your question can you…
Robin Washington: If you look on a percentage of sales just let’s take our guidance relative to 2010 and you can project from there, I mean if you look at it relative to our antiretroviral business, it’s about 4.4% for the U.S business.
Robin Washington: Again as mentioned, you’ll have the addition of the excise tax, which could also be offset of revenue and Medicare Part D, so it could get a bit higher.
Robin Washington: No, we can give you the full-year impact, we talked about it being more backend loaded to the last couple of quarters as we continue to grow. It’s still hard from our standpoint, Jason, because it’s really when the organization impacts a change. I mean, the legislation got passed on March 23. So we’re working through it like everyone else.
Robin Washington: We are fairly conservatively leveraged as a company we have the converts [ph]. We clearly know that given our size and our balance sheet, it could be levered a bit more, it’s something that we evaluate, but again it’s in the context of our overall corporate strategy and company’s strategy around our cap structure, as well as John just talked about our potential M&A opportunities. So, it somewhat goes hand in hand as we work through our overall company strategy we consider our necessary cash balances and leverage to support it.
