Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Evan for the question. Yeah, I think as you know as you noted, there have been a lot of updates on TIGIT over the past six months or so. And I think that gets to our approach which I think is somewhat differentiated from our competition in that. As we've said along, we have a differentiated molecule first off and that is that we have an Fc-silent molecule relative to an Fch-active molecule that the competition has. And I would note that that is demonstrating a difference in terms of the adverse event profile including the data that we've highlighted today. Additionally, I think we've tried to stay focused in areas where we believe that there is the best chance of activity and so for example, we have not initiated any trials with small cell. We look forward to. Capitalizing on the data, we have seen so far both and non-small cell lung cancer and gastric cancer. As you know, we provided an update on the EDGE-gastric study ASCO. And as I noted in the call we have completed enrollment of that of the Phase 3 trial of that. So we've - we continue to be cautiously optimistic about TIGIT and are doing it in a data-driven way based on the data we've generated in our trials so far.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Terrence. I'll start and then I'll hand it off the Johanna as you said. It's a great question and a good thing for us to make sure that everyone remembers. Our Purpose 1 was the trial that was in cisgender women and as I noted Purpose 2 is our ongoing study in the cisgender gay men transgender women and men and gender non-binary people. Now that study is ongoing. It is the second trial that's necessary for filing and like Purpose 1, Purpose 2 is designed to evaluate the superiority of lenacapavir against the background HIV rate. That’s the primary endpoint and the secondary endpoint would be similar to Purpose 1 will be superior to truvada as a secondary endpoint. So, once we – if hopefully we’d demonstrate a positive results in Purpose 2, we will combine this data with Purpose 1 and move as quickly as possible to filing those data to lenacapavir for PrEP.
Merdad Parsey: Hi, Michael, it’s Merdad. Thanks, yeah. I think you raise the right question, which is that whenever we're looking at the long-acting, new long-acting agents, we have to be cautious about the transition from preclinical to clinical. We don't - we're not always able to predict the injection site reactions that you might get from the long-actings in particular. We were just talking about the nodules for lenacapavir but other more severe injection site reactions and then the human pharmacokinetics. So, I think we need those to play out to allow us to move forward and that's why you see multiple agents going into Phase 1. We have generated the number of molecules. We move them forward. We've been pretty aggressive in moving them forward in order to maintain our leadership in long-acting HIV treatment and prophylaxis. And so, once we start to see those data in Phase 1, I think that will help us decide both choosing between those molecules and where we want to go forward. Remember we're also moving our bNAb program forward, which will be our - which is our most advanced long-acting program with lenacapavir plus bNAbs and we should - we expect to get Phase 2 data from that that study, as well. So for those early programs, it's the usual risks and that which is why we take multiple shots and hopefully we'll be able to advance one of them quickly.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Brian. Yes, we have shared some preclinical data on 4571. As you know, it is an internally developed oral GLP1 agonist which came out of our initial interest in our NASH program. And based on the data so far both preclinical and the toxicity we are planning a Phase 1 study for that molecule and that'll help us evaluate 4571 for weight management, obesity and other metabolic diseases. Once we generate those data, we will decide in a data-driven way, how best to proceed from there. And we'll just have to see how that plays out. We want to make sure if we dealt something as best-in-class and allows for a best-in-class profile. So we will update more as the data are generated.
Merdad Parsey: Yeah, thanks Steven for the question. So one-third of sales remains our target with the portfolio that we have today and what we believe is achievable without additional BD. I'll just remind you - keep in mind that the indications in that target are probability adjusted and many of them around 50% So, you'd expect to see puts and takes in that pipeline evolution. We certainly expected that when we when we set that target. So it allows for some programs to fail or fall short of initial expectations and others obviously succeed to support achieving that goal. I would just note that our oncology sales today are already more than a third of the way there. In quarter two 2024, they're about 12% of the total product sales growing nicely. So it's highlighting the progress we're making on this on this overall goal. I think you're right to point out also the progress and as you put at the tailwinds with a virology business and lenacapavir data as well as seladelpar, obviously, as that grows that that puts even more stretch to our ambition. It's a good problem to have. But I think the ambition we have is very much along the lines of diversifying our business as well as solidifying our base in virology and we're firmly committed to that strategy.
Merdad Parsey: Sure, this is Merdad. Maybe, like I think you hit the highlights. We are – trodelvy has demonstrated great efficacy in the triple negative breast cancer space and we remain I think the only approved Trop-2 ADC and that space in triple negative is definitely where trodelvy is doing very well and has become the standard care for most physicians. So, I think that sets us up nicely and ASCENT-03 as we update the status of that trial as the end of the year rolls around I think will be part of the continuation of that story and our expectation for trodelvy’s success in triple negative breast cancer. We have felt that there are areas where our programs aren't differentiated and for Trodelvy as you mentioned our adverse event profile has remained largely predictable and very manageable on the part of physicians we certainly both the ILD you mentioned as well as stomatitis has been very different in their manifestations and mostly for trodelvy it's been neutropenia and diarrhea, which I think clinicians have gotten very comfortable with managing certainly when we speak to our KOLs. So we'll be looking for those data and we'll look for our data and in particular and I think is a continuation of where we think trodelvy can go and really solidify our position in triple negative breast.
Merdad Parsey: Yeah, Salveen, you're absolutely right that the patient populations are different is why we did the broad Purpose program to really get a diversity of patients early in our program to ensure that we can bring PrEP to a variety of populations early on in our in our development. And the patient populations are different we're talking really cisgender women relative to the Purpose 2 population, which is a different population. And our expectation is that those populations have different levels of awareness, different levels of compliance and there are use of PrEP otherwise for example with the oral PrEP agents. And despite that, I think the strength of the Purpose 1 data and the fact that you have people who are essentially protected for six months with no infections occurring in the cisgender women so far I think give us a lot of confidence that with I would expect some variability in the background infection rate in the population. If we are able to maintain that degree of protection in Purpose 2 we remain really confident that the outcome will be very powerful.
Johanna Mercier: So maybe just to complete the second part of that question around the growth in PrEP and like the opportunities lies ahead despite some of the payer roadblocks that you are referring to just a couple of points on that, one is, today the market for PrEP is growing at about 12% or so year-on-year, so nice consistent growth that we have seen over the last couple of years. Descovy coverage is over 90% of all lives are covered from an access standpoint. So today the daily orals do not have any concerns from an access standpoint. I think maybe what you're referring to is potentially as we think about medical benefits versus the pharmacy benefits that might create a little bit more access headwinds from a payer standpoint and we've seen that already with some of our competitors. As we think about lenacapavir, in light of not only the data, just most recently with Purpose 1, but also just the profile that it offers with a twice yearly sub cu I think it really allows us to redefine the PrEP market as a whole. And as much as we're seeing today maybe over 400,000 users in the US. We really see three major growth opportunities. One is around market size growth, the other one's around market share growth and the third one is on endurance. So if I just break those down a little bit, the market size growth is around reaching more users. So we'll beyond just white MSMS thinking about cisgender women, transgender men and women Latino black individuals, as well as young adults, reaching more prescribers in different settings than we are today and over time reaching more countries, right? Because right now PrEP revenues are really coming primarily out of the United States. From a market share growth standpoint Descovy is the number one branded daily oral today with over 40% share. And we believe lenacapavir will be number one from a long-acting standpoint and between the two together, we believe the Gilead presence in HIV prevention will also be leading and greater than where we are today. And then last but not least, it’s hired adherent and not just has to do with a domestic - the frequency of administration when you think about a twice the early subcu has much adherence than a daily oral and obviously, better outcomes. So all of those pieces together is what we are focused on as an opportunity for the future of prevention and with not only Descovy but obviously with lenacapavir around the corner potentially. And from an access standpoint we are thinking ahead as we think about even the work that CMS is doing when they think about making it our Part B drug, for a medical benefit in PrEP to ensure greater access, but we're also thinking through how is this going to impact from both from a prescriber standpoint and how do we support that reimbursement, challenges that I think others have been facing and how we basically do a very high touch approach here to make sure everyone who needs or wants PrEP gets access to their drug of choice.
Johanna Mercier: So maybe I'll take that one Umer. So the len-bic combination is a single treatment regimen that really combined a best-in-class integrates inhibitor with the first-in-class capsid. The studies that we are doing both Phase2 and 3 are really first, that we looked at the complex regimen which that was kind of the first step and as we go into Phase 3, we believe we can get a broader label indication to also include all of our allergically suppressed. So as we think about that opportunity, we think it's an opportunity for an FTI that's optimized, simplified for complex regimens but also provides optionality in the viral decree to press the switch segment of the marketplace, So as we think about it as a portfolio perspective, we still believe that today Biktarvy is the standard of care and will remain as the standard of care from a daily oral standpoint. But we also see that's an opportunity in the switch segment. So naïve is a big piece probably the biggest piece for Biktarvy’s growth. And the switch because we have such a large share obviously, right? So from a switch segment that offers us another opportunity for us to play bigger market space in HIV.
Johanna Mercier: Sure and Carter, just to explain a little bit, the nodules are because it's a drug depot, right? So the nodule actually gets smaller over time. What we've seen is actually very little discontinuation in Purpose 1 due to that. That's number one. Two is the nodules are sometimes palpable not all? But sometimes palpable but not visible and generally speaking. And so we believe that actually we will have some. flexibility as well as to where those injections play out and where because I think, they've been studied in different places not just in the stomach in the site. And so, I think that'll be an opportunity as well for people to be a little bit more flexible as to where they get their injections. So we're not overly concerned there at all. Actually, and really we're taking it from the data that we're getting from Purpose 1 and hopefully, we'll have similar data to learn from Purpose 2.
Johanna Mercier: Thanks, Chris. We are really pleased with our strong cell therapy growth this quarter. And this is really part and parcel to our US refresh strategy. So as a reminder we restructured our sales team at the end of last year and we got our new sales team in place and trained and ready to go. And as part of that strategy we also focused for the next couple of quarters on really within the authorized treatment centers making sure those referrals occur between the lymphoma specialist to the CAR-T specialist. And that's what you're seeing as part of the excellent performance that we had this quarter. And we'll continue to deliver and really focus on the referrals within the AGC. We are also in parallel building up that those community practices and spending time educating both the community practices, I'd say regional hospitals and those institutions about the curative potential of CAR-T and why it's important to bring this into the therapy that they're offering to their patients. And we're making really good progress there including a lot of work with national payers. But despite all this, as you heard earlier from both Dan and Johanna, we are facing, it's a dynamic market. We're remaining cautious for the second half of this year as we continue to see some competitive headwinds both in cost competition. So we have new indications that came out in late May, early June time frame which are capturing physician mind share initially and we're also seeing out of cost competition with the bispecifics. But with all of that said, we are focused on execution and working with our physicians and institutions to raise awareness of the curative potential for CAR-T and will continue to do so in the second half of this year. As it relates to community practices, I shared last quarter that it's taking us a little bit longer than we had expected to get them up and fully operating. But we're making great progress as it relates to that and learning a lot along the way. So we're continuing to refine our blueprint as we onboard new centers.
Johanna Mercier: Yeah, I would just re-emphasize what Merdad said, I think just the fact we are the ones on the market today and so well established as the number one standard of care and triple negative breast cancer second line. I do think that that is a big differentiator here as we think about some of these data points.
Johanna Mercier: And maybe to pick up on the second part of that, Salveen. So just to take a step back, I think it’s important to understand how much we have moved the needle actually when you think about the penetration in the prevention market. Just a couple of years ago, you were about 25% penetrating when you if you consider it from a CDC standpoint estimate, we're now over a third of that. So we have really grown this market and expanded it. I think one of the challenges has definitely been this is not a typical market that you it's not HIV treatment. It is a market where these are individuals that are not sick. They have no asymptomatic, obviously they have nothing and so therefore it's very challenging when you think about a daily oral pill, which is today over 95% of the total market where you think about current generics or Descovy share. And taking a pill every single day is incredibly challenging. So many use PrEP on demand. And I do think and in that the biggest population that we see are actually wide MSMs so very much a high commercial market here. And we believe that there is a real opportunity to whip something that has the profile of lenacapavir with a twice yearly subcu that we can truly expand the reach of the people, the individuals that could truly benefit from prevention for the future. And so, so that's kind of the steps. So I think it's an ongoing growth that we've been seeing. I think we have to do a step change here as we think about the future of prevention. I think we have to think completely differently about what lenacapavir could offer all of these people and really make a dent in this HIV epidemic.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. I’ll take that one. So the move the entity for PrEPs that CMS is working on, I do think it's positive. I think it's really around providing greater access and potentially providing also the services that go with it. So the D2B could actually be a nice move despite the fact that today Medicare is a very small piece of the total prevention market. As we think about lenacapavir, I think it'll be both. I think there's probably opportunities for it to be both a pharmacy benefit as well as a medical benefit and be a buy and bill and I think we just need to think very differently because buy and bill in the current users of prevention this is not something that they're familiar with. And so this is something we're really thinking about today for tomorrow is to setting up that system to make sure they understand how to do this, if they want to do it, but that they have an option if they don't want to do it. And I think that's what we're kind of planning for us as we think about the future of lenacapavir.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks Daina. We sort of got Cindy Perettie here. We’ll turn over to her to answer that. Thanks for your question.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Salveen it’s kind of a two-part. So I'll have Merdad start and maybe have Johanna add, as well.
Daniel O'Day: Thank you, everybody. In closing, we the team here would like to summarize the quarter as follows: we had a very strong quarter of revenue growth and impressive bottom-line growth that highlights the leverage in our model. Secondly, we made progress that should enable us to build on that growth in the future including really remarkable data from the Purpose 1 one trial and from across the HIV portfolio with the promise to extend our HIV leadership well into the late 2030s and beyond; the imminent launch of seladelpar in the US and continued progress in oncology; and all this leaves us well positioned for the second half of 2024 when we will continue to focus on quarter after quarter of strong clinical commercial and financial execution. My thanks to the Gilead teams and to all of you for joining today. I want to hand it over to Jacquie Ross for some final comments.
