Robin Washington: Thank you Dan for your kind words. It has been a privilege to serve as Gilead's CFO for the past 11 years and to work alongside such extraordinary colleagues to bring medicines to people around the world. I know the focus on this mission will continue and I look forward to cheering Gilead on in 2020 and beyond. I'm pleased to report the financial results for the third quarter, which were marked by strong execution across our therapeutic areas led by the continued growth of our HIV franchise and continued predictability of HCV. Total revenue for the third quarter were $5.6 billion with non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.75. This compares to revenues of $5.6 billion and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.84 for the same period last year. As noted in the earnings press release, on a GAAP basis, we recorded a loss of $0.92 per share primarily due to $3.92 billion or $2.40 per diluted share of upfront collaboration and licensing expense associated with our global research and development collaboration agreement with Galapagos. Turning to product sales. Product sales for the third quarter were $5.5 billion, down 2% sequentially and up 1% year-over-year. In the U.S., product sales for the third quarter were $4.2 billion, up 4% sequentially and up 2% year-over-year. In Europe, product sales for the third quarter were $804 million, down 23% sequentially and down 8% year-over-year. The sequential performance was primarily impacted by two items. First, recall that the second quarter benefited from a $160 million adjustment for a statutory revenue clawback reserve. And second, the third quarter was negatively impacted by a statutory clawback reserve adjustment. These two factors, which primarily impacted our HCV and HIV revenues, caused an approximately $200 million decline between quarters. Turning to cell therapy. Worldwide Yescarta sales for the third quarter were $118 million, up 57% year-over-year and down 2% sequentially. U.S. sales were $86 million for the third quarter, up 15% year-over-year and down 13% sequentially. In Europe, Yescarta sales were $32 million, up 52% sequentially, as we continue to ramp in the region. It is clear that cell therapy is a validated platform; with hundreds of patients being treated on a quarterly basis in the U.S. Yescarta has established itself as a differentiated leader in an increasingly competitive environment. We will continue to focus our efforts on CAR T education in the community oncology setting to stimulate referrals of appropriate patients to cell therapy treatment centers. We also observed CAR T eligible patients being enrolled in clinical trials at a much higher rate relative to commercial patients. As such and as Dan outlined, we anticipate further quarterly sales variations, but remain very confident in the future trajectory of Yescarta. Now turning to expenses. Non-GAAP R&D expenses were $954 million for the third quarter, up 13% compared to the same period last year, primarily due to increased investment in our oncology programs, HIV programs and research projects. Non-GAAP SG&A expenses were $967 million for the third quarter, up 14% compared to the same period last year, primarily due to higher promotional expenses in the U.S. and expenses associated with the expansion of Gilead's business in Japan and China. Moving to the balance sheet. During the third quarter we generated $2.6 billion in cash from operations and ended the quarter with $25.1 billion in cash and investments. We paid $5.5 billion in connection with our global research collaboration and equity investment in Galapagos, which was classified in our cash flow statement as cash from investing activities and includes a $1.1 billion equity investment. We also paid $1.5 billion of debt used to finance our acquisition of Kite. We paid cash dividends of $804 million and repurchased 3.4 million shares of stock for $223 million. Turning to our guidance. As we move closer to the end of 2019, we are narrowing our guidance ranges as follows. Net product sales are expected to be in the range of $21.8 billion to $22.1 billion. Non-GAAP R&D expenses are expected to be in the range of $3.7 billion to $3.8 billion. We expect non-GAAP SG&A expenses to be in the range of $4 billion to $4.1 billion. All other components of our guidance remain unchanged. Our guidance is subject to a number of uncertainties which are outlined in slides 22 and 23 in our earnings call presentation. I will now turn the call over to Johanna.
Robin Washington: Hi, Brian. Thanks for the questions. I'd say we manage them very carefully. As you know we've always been a very highly efficient organization, really focused on operational excellence and ensuring that even as we've grown, we've grown profitably as we think about margins. And at the same time, as you've heard me say before we're always balancing the need to invest for the long term, and as you know that can have implications in the short term. You've seen us with previous launches and with acquisitions make the necessary investments upfront that may yield shorter operating margins in a short term, but ultimately get us to higher revenues in overall margins long term. So I think that's how we think about our model. There's -- it's not by quarter or by year, it's really ensuring that when we make investments that we make the necessary actions in the short time to ensure the overall ROI on those investments. And I'll turn it over to Dan to talk about the future but I think we're pretty much aligned going forward.
Robin Washington: Thanks, Matthew, for the question. So, yes, only a few weeks in, right? We got the approval early October. But even within a few weeks we're off to a strong start. I think, the team is very excited about it, but more importantly the early feedback from physicians is very positive and we're hearing a lot of enthusiasm from our prescribers. I do want to explain that the PrEP market is a little bit different than the treatment market and that is that it's much larger in the number of prescribers. So there's over 50,000 prescribers that have actually written at least one script of PrEP with Truvada. So having said that, more than half of the volume that we're seeing in PrEP is actually very concentrated in a couple of thousand specialists who also prescribe in treatment. So that has been our number one focus and target physicians that we have been calling on over the last couple of weeks, because these are folks that obviously largest volume pool, but also folks that have experienced converting from TDF to TAF and also understand the value of DESCOVY and its clinical profile, specifically around the safety with bone and renal. So we assume a very similar conversion than what we've seen in the past. We have a lot of experience here of TDF to TAF conversions and we assume that same conversion rate will happen with these top prescribers. For the balance of the volume, obviously we are assuming a little bit of a slower uptake with those prescribers just because it's so much more diffuse. But having said that, we've augmented the field team. I think Dan mentioned this earlier, how we've taken a lot of our field forces from the cardiopulmonary in light of the generics hitting there. We basically train them and move them over there to supplement the team and also augmented our consumer approach to get really rapid awareness of DESCOVY both to physicians as well as targeted consumers. So so far so good, very excited about the launch and probably in the next quarter we'll have more to talk about with data.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thanks Michael very much for the question and delighted that we now have the team coming together for the future. I think it's really good diverse team with some strong Gilead legacy colleagues, as well as combined with some talent from the outside the organization with different perspectives. And I think it's going to lead to a really strong good team that will help us drive kind of the future chapters of Gilead moving forward. Also pleased Michael that we had the Galapagos transaction finalized in the quarter, we're obviously getting going now on a deeper collaboration beyond filgotinib. And as I said to you in the past and I'll say it again, I mean, I think the team here and I have the pipeline as our number one priority of course. And that -- we approach that from a variety of different ways; one is, the strength of our internal pipeline looking for ways to accelerate differentiated medicines that we can internally and with Galapagos now significantly expanding our research base in addition to other collaborations we have externally that allow us to essentially double our research base of medicines coming into the portfolio -- the development portfolio. In terms of therapeutic area, I would say our approach to external partnerships and M&A will be very much the same of what you saw in the past. So first and foremost, it will be driven by science, driven by where we think the most unique opportunities are. Secondarily, will be informed by our own expertise, as you know we play across four therapeutic areas today and strong scientific understanding in the base in antivirals and immuno modulation. And there is no one size fits all of course. I mean, at times it make sense to just do a partnership, but other times it makes sense to do a full acquisition and other times it makes sense to do something like a Galapagos arrangement where we have a deep partnership associated with that. So we'll continue on in that area. I think more to come as the team comes together as we continue to evaluate. Certainly the areas that you mentioned are areas that we're looking at carefully to complement our internal expertise, but we're not driven by any one therapeutic area. We're driven much more by where is the next innovation going to come from in science and how do we complement that portfolio. With an acknowledgment by the way that we understand that we have to accelerate the development of our later-stage pipeline as well. And that can happen by both accelerating our internal pipeline or having partnerships arrangements with the companies outside of the Gilead orbit today. So Michael more to come and obviously some of the conferences coming up and into next year, I can be even more specific and articulate about how some of our strategies are forming.
Daniel O'Day: It's well said Robin. And Brian you may want to hear it from my vantage point as well just particularly with the CFO transition to make sure you understand the stability from my side as well. So I have really admired Gilead's efficiency as Robin mentioned and the careful management of expenses. And I think that's something that we will continue to make sure that we have the size here as well. I've also been a student of the history here at Gilead and I've looked back in the past and seen in times of important launches that investment has increased correspondingly in the interest of patients, in the interest of shareholders. And I think that type of philosophy I think will continue. And certainly we will also be -- as we have generic erosion, of course, coming now this year and next year, we also have the ability to redeploy those resources as we already have done with cardiopulmonary to other areas of focus and interest including the upcoming -- or the current launch for DESCOVY in PrEP. And then we will also make sure that we have a competitive launch of filgotinib because we know that it will be essential to have the right share of voice to get that off to a good start. We have one chance to launch a product in this industry and therefore we have to make that accordingly. So as we get into providing you with more guidance in 2020, we can elaborate a little bit further about how we see that expense management for next year. But I hope you get a sense that much of the discipline that Gilead has in the past you can expect to have in the future as well Brian.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Thank you very much, Alethia. So I think you rightly pointed kind of an important data point coming up here that will allow us to think about how we pivot our NASH strategy moving forward and that's the ATLAS study that we will be reading out before the end of the year. So those of you that don't know, I mean that's a combination trial that will allow us to look at the results of a variety of different combinations on the progression of NASH. But as you also know I mean, we've had a number of other collaborations, we've looked at with Novo Nordisk on GLP-1 and some of the other ones that you've already mentioned there Alethia that are approaching this from different angles as well. So I do think though that most progressed clinical trial is currently the ATLAS trial. And once we can see the results for that and dig into that then I think it will help us really understand how to progress ahead with NASH in what format and what way. I would just mentioned that as we've always mentioned, we think that NASH is a very high unmet medical need, but also a challenging disease to develop in given the nature of the disease, given the heterogeneity of the disease, given the end points. And yet, we think a company like Gilead with expertise in this area need to be informed by the science and solve the science to see what our path forward will be. So more on the NASH strategy after the ATLAS trial at the end of this year.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. Absolutely, Cory. No, thanks for the question. Happy to talk about it. I mean, I think it is important that I start out with letting you know that the team here is really confident with the longer-term opportunity of the Yescarta and also cell therapy. But as we know, I mean this is a pioneering platform and just to point out some of the dynamics that we're seeing in the market, cell therapy really literally changes everything to the touches, from patient identification to clinical practice to reimbursement to safety management. So I would say, some of the growing challenges with getting the pioneering technology in or what we would expect. But what's kind of unquestionable is in the patient set, where it has been studied so relapsed/refractory DLBCL so far in the market, I mean the efficacy and durability are unprecedented. I mean the majority of extremely six patients who are alive at two years, and as we know and many of my colleagues and the team hematology/oncology is a data-driven space. So I would say that -- and we also have a very strong and good manufacturing capacity which is critical for this technology. Now you mentioned some of the challenges. Let me talk about some of the drivers and some of the challenges that we're seeing in general in the market. I mean on the positive side the NTAP improvement that just went into effect in October 2019 from reimbursement by CMS of 50% to 65% is a step in the right direction. We -- it does take there is a lag time before that gets fully absorbed and introduced into the community. I would point out the ASH data coming up. We'll have three key events there; the survival data at three years in relapse/refractory DLBCL, early steroid use and also data on the KTE-X19 in MCL. Would just also point out the ZUMA-7 is now fully enrolled. So that's the second line DLBCL. I look forward to that trial playing through. And hopefully as we go into next year we can look towards a DRG for CAR-T as well. So those are some of the real positive things we're seeing in the market. And then to your point, I mean there are still challenges with Medicare reimbursement update. There is a high rate of clinical trial usage in DLBCL which is good news for patients. It's just -- there's quite a few clinical trials there still getting the patient referral flow downs. We do have some new market entrants early days on those. You mentioned one on the call here today and this whole concept between inpatient and outpatient reimbursement. So I think the team is kind of systematically working through these and that's why we see some quarter-on-quarter fluctuation in the United States. I would point out that we're now getting going in Europe which is also terrific and very good growth there and different -- some of these dynamics are different in Europe as well. So I think as we learn quarter-to-quarter on some of the dynamics and as the data matures and develops out there, I think that's going to be a real telltale sign for how we continue to see the uptake here. But taking a big step back, the type of data we're seeing and the duration of response in the patients that we've studied is second to none. So hopefully, as some of this becomes more the trends become more clear in future quarters we'll be able to be more precise about some of these as well. But thanks for the question Cory.
Daniel O'Day: Yes. I'll let -- Johanna can start on the commercial side Phil, and then we'll go to John on the development.
Daniel O'Day: Thanks very much for the question. And – yeah, again I would probably start with the investments that you mentioned. I mean I think, it's really important that we acknowledge the fact that the ability to manufacture and the turnaround time associated with cell therapy is absolutely fundamental to patient benefits and also to the efficacy results that we see. And I think it's a real competitive advantage to be able to have a network of manufacturing facilities that are state-of-the-art and are able to reduce that turnaround time including as you mentioned we have made a decision to establish a viral vector facility in one of our current manufacturing sites in Oceanside California that will allow us to not only supports the current products but also future products in the pipeline. So look I mentioned some of the near-term things on CAR T in addition to what we currently have out there with the Yescarta profile today. The state on the Yescarta at ASH I think will be important looking at the three-year data and the early steroid use. The Kite X19 is now a second product for MCL and we look forward to presenting that data as well. ZUMA-7 goes back to a Yescarta in an earlier line sitting. So when you think about the long duration of effect, the efficacy and durability that we've seen in the relapse/refractory third line setting, I mean the real question is and more natural obviously oncology developments avenue is to say, can you bring that affect up into earlier lines of therapy and potentially have this effect with more patients and potentially for longer duration, because you're treating them earlier. So the strategy is very much to continue to expand out the hematology indications first and foremost. I think that's where the greatest product exists or CAR T is right now, but we do also have mid to longer term programs on solid tumors on allergenic and those although risker and earlier are also programs we’re fully committed to as we looked around out our leadership in cell therapy accordingly. So more to come on this. I personally to the broader oncology strategy, I mean as I said before and I'll say it again, I think the concept of Gilead getting deeper into oncology by starting with a pioneering technology, I think is a smart thing to do in oncology. I mean really to think about where you can get long durations of responses with a new technology. Having said that, we also have a great deal of expertise in our home-based technologies such as small molecules and an evolving biologic modality expertise at Gilead. And although I'm not prepared to talk more about that today and look forward to Merdad and others coming into the organization, so that we can continue to evolve our oncology strategy. I think there are opportunities certainly that we can look at outside of cell therapy and complementary to cell therapy, so more on that. We’re literally in the process of really doing deep dives on this. As you know we also have some partnerships with other companies where we are fully committed to different aspects of oncology. And it's been a common question and I totally accept it and it's one that as we go into next year will be laying out deeper and deeper our holistic strategy around oncology that will include cell therapy but not the only cell therapy as we move ahead. So more to come on that.
Johanna Mercier: Maybe I'll take that one. Geoff, it's Johanna. I think as you're mentioning the HIV business overall and treatment is a huge part of that 80% of our total HIV business has never been stronger. And what we're seeing, it's a bit of a mix what you're saying, but in those U.S. and Europe, you have about 80% of the patients that are switch patients and 20% are naïve patients. So the naïve patients is a smaller play and less of a market expansion per se to your earlier point, but much more in the switch. And so where the switch come from are really important to us for Biktarvy. And what we're seeing with Biktarvy and that's been our strategy all along in our expectations is, we are seeing about 20% to 25% are coming from dolutegravir-based regimens and about a 1/3 coming from Truvada-based regimen and then the rest -- another 1/3 probably from Genvoya and so that's the piece where from a switch standpoint that's the biggest most important piece of the business. Both in U.S. and Europe it's quite similar actually. The challenge in Europe is obviously there is more Truvada pieces of the puzzle just because of the genericization in Europe. But, overall, what we're seeing is very consistent both in naïve and switch and Biktarvy is number one not just in the U.S. but also in Germany, France and Spain and we only just got reimbursement in the last quarter for U.K. and Italy, but those launches are off to the similar, very consistent way of launching than we've seen in the other markets.
Johanna Mercier: Sure. So we're really envisioning the capsid inhibitor to have multiple different applications for people living with HIV. I just mentioned, its use for heavily treatment-experienced patients where it could be added on to optimize background therapy as is commonly done for this population. But it also has a huge potential for people living with HIV who might want to switch to a long-acting regimen because of its ability to be given at least every three months, every six months and potentially in the future longer. And there we are still actively looking for what's the right partner for our capsid inhibitor will be and we have multiple internal programs which are preclinical or in the very earliest stage of assessments in the clinic. And we're looking forward to sharing more details as we have more certainty about what the right combination will be to partner with capsid. What we're prioritizing is ease of administration. So we're looking at subcutaneously administered drugs. We're looking at drugs that can go the distance in terms of longer, at least monthly, if not longer and match capsid's potential. And so as we prioritize those features and bring forward different compounds we'll -- we're really excited actually to share that data.
Johanna Mercier: Okay. So, Phil more on the competitive concept. So, as you know this environment is super competitive and many of us know it well including myself. And so we've really pulled together a team that has considerable experience in this field. The piece that you would say that the differentiated label, I think it's twofold. I think from a label standpoint what we've seen thus far from the FDA is a little bit of a more of a class labeling. And so our expectations and we'll go through the process, but we're also being conservative in our expectations. One of the things that I would say is the importance of our data. And I think that if you look at the results of the three FINCH 3 studies in three different patient groups those are really exciting for us, both from an efficacy standpoint as well as safety standpoint. So, a lot of the work that's being done right now is sub-analysis to ensure that we can better educate physicians about our data. So, that's kind of the plan there. And I do think that the opportunity here is to potentially have a best-in-class drug inhibitor and that could be also related to the sale activity of the JAK1. So, having said that, that's what we're doing. All hands are on JAK to prepare for a competitive launch, but a differentiated one and an innovative one at the same time. So, we're excited about that and obviously we'll know more about the label in the coming months through 2020. So, John maybe on the other.
Diana Brainard: This is Diana Brainard. I'll speak to your question around GS-9131, which is a nucleotide reverse transcriptase inhibitor with an improved resistance profile over the currently improved drugs in that class. And this is a compound that we've been excited about and moving through the clinic in early phase studies because we do have a commitment to highly treatment-experienced patients who have failed higher regimens and have multidrug resistance. In parallel with the GS-9131 program, as you know, our capsid inhibitor program with GS-6207 has also progressed very rapidly. And GS-6207 is the first-in-class compound. It's got a novel mechanism of action. It's got an orthogonal resistance profile. We haven't seen any pre-existing resistance among all of the samples we've tested from treatment-naïve patients and heavily treatment-experienced patients. These data have been published at recent conferences. And so because of this novel mechanism of action, because of the potency, because of the lack of pre-existing resistance, we really feel that the capsid inhibitor is the really best and lead compound to bring forward in highly treatment-experienced patients. And in fact its promised was recognized by FDA when they granted us breakthrough designation for this population. And so we're moving ahead with capsid in this population into a registrational trial. And therefore won't be bringing GS-9131 forward for this population because we prioritize our capsid inhibitor.
Diana Brainard: Yes. So I think that we have seen the competitor data regarding capsid and we're looking very closely at our compounds preclinically as well as clinically. Because obviously with hepatitis B we've got a lot of experience in this space and we know very well the value of suppressive treatment and the safety of those regimens and the benefit that viral suppression brings in terms of reducing cirrhosis, reducing rates of hepatocellular carcinoma. So, while we're committed to cure and recognize that we're going to need combination therapies, we're also really cognizant of the safety barrier that really has to be exceeded to bring combinations forward. And I think that's really all we can say about that right now.
Diana Brainard: I think that we're in the process of continually evaluating what our best next steps are. And I think in terms of how we prioritize what we bring forward we've got the TLR8 in Phase 2 and we really want to see the results of those studies before making any final decisions on next steps and future combinations.
