Daniel O’Day: Thanks, Jeff. Thanks for the question and teaming. I’ll start and then hand it over to Andy. So, yes, I mean, the guide that we gave at JP Morgan was that we are confident in our ability to grow and to also have oncology by 2030 be at least a third of our overall revenue on top of a solid HIV business and virology business overall. I think, the answer to the question, Geoff, is we believe we have everything in-house to be able to fulfill on that commitment today. I mean, the number of options that we have with Trodelvy, with magrolimab, with the Arcus assets and with Cell Therapy from an oncology base provides tremendous opportunity for us to look alone and in combination of that portfolio in the coming years. And that specifically leads to the more than 30 clinical trials we have ongoing right now in our oncology portfolio. And our guide that this year will start at least another 20 in the oncology space. So really, that’s the armamentarium behind our commitment and our growth. Of course, we’ll continue to be opportunistic around business development and look for supplemental options out there that can complement this portfolio as a course of normal business as any healthy company should. Having said that, we really do have enough in-house to be able to fill up on that commitment. So, with that, Andy, I may have stolen all your thunder, but I’m sure you’ll have some additional perspectives.
Daniel O’Day: And Brian, we’ll keep you informed as that evolves. We have obviously a lot of patients on magrolimab that continue to be served by magrolimab. So, we have a sense of urgency in working with the agency around this.
Daniel O’Day: And Salveen, the only thing I’d add on top of Merdad’s eloquent response is the potential to combine this attractive portfolio for markets with other medicines that we have within Gilead, including Trodelvy and possibly magrolimab and others, so his combination of having access to a PD-1 2 TIGIT compounds to adenosine combined with Trodelvy provides a rich opportunity to look at rational-based combinations. And we’ll be getting more into that as we do a deeper dive in oncology as a starting point in April. And then obviously, throughout the year, we’ll continue to update you on that. And it’s one of the major reasons why opting in early was important to us because we can work really fluidly now across a very rich portfolio. And with the additional expertise and colleagues from Arcus, it really expands all of our potential and clinical science and beyond.
Daniel O’Day: Yes. Thanks, Michael. And maybe just a suggestion, as you answer, Michael’s specific question, it might be helpful for the whole audience to hear again kind of your overall view of the potential success of this indication.
Daniel O’Day: Yes. Thanks, Ronny. And as I turn it over to Christi, let me just say how many patients we’ve been able to impact with cell therapy in 2021, and that being just the beginning, I think, of our promise for the future. We certainly invested in the manufacturing capacity to anticipate demand and success in the second-line, and Christi can go into the details with you. Christi, over to you.
Daniel O’Day: Thanks so much, Christi. And overall, Ronny, we’re expecting about a 50% increase in capacity over the course of 2022, so continued investment there.
Daniel O’Day: Great. So I’ll have Andy answer the second. Maybe you want to touch base on the first, Merdad, also telling about the stage of those 2 trials.
Daniel O’Day: Thanks, Hartaj. So, I think Johanna can start with some of the pandemic -- endemic and then Merdad could also comment a little bit on the forward portfolio. But please, Johanna, over to you.
Daniel O’Day: Hartaj, just to complement what Johanna and Merdad said, I think we clearly see that as this becomes endemic that there’ll be potentially a need for multiple mechanisms in the outpatient setting. So, that’s one of the reasons why approaching it from a preliminary standpoint as well as to a protease standpoint, we think could make sense over the long term for resistance patterns. And the last thing I’ll say is I think what we’ve seen this, whether it’s pandemic or endemic, remdesivir is going to firmly trench now as a standard of care in the hospital setting. And so, as goes hospitalization, so will go remdesivir over time, and we think that’s going to be an important part of our ongoing business and our benefit to patients.
Daniel O’Day: Great, Matthew. And I just want to, before I turn it over to Jacquie, thank all of you for joining from our perspective. We are really excited about the build that we’ve had at Gilead over the past two years and the team and the people that we have on board. We’ve got a lot to do this year, and we’re really teed up for a good strong year and a strong decade ahead with this portfolio. With that, Jacquie, over to you, please.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks, Mohit. It’s a great question. And I think as I mentioned in my call, I think we’re excited that we’re going to be able to share the first interim analysis from the OS as well when we do the readout here for the PFS. So, I do think we’ll look at both at the same time. You’re absolutely right that there are developments in the HR-positive space, but I continue to believe, and I think that the impact on both PFS -- on PFS in particular here, but also OS continues to be, I think, if we see something in the ballpark of what you just described, we’re confident that that remains incredibly clinically relevant for people suffering with HR-positive HER2-negative. It is, as you state, an increasingly competitive area, but we do think that that remains a key milestone for patients if we can achieve that.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Great question, and thanks for asking it. I think I’m very reassured I would not read anything into this other than the fact that we’ve been, as you can imagine, keeping track of the PFS events and the OS events all along. And we’ve now gotten to the point where those OS events have occurred in a time frame that allows us to look at both of these events at the same time. I don’t think it really says anything about -- I think what you’re getting at is does it have any implications for the underlying positive or negative or anything like that. And I really don’t think there’s any way to interpret that right now. It would be pure speculation to think that there’s some underlying driver of bringing those endpoints together. And actually, it’s not that unexpected. It’s a little bit closer than we thought it would be, but not by that much. So, I wouldn’t read too much into it. I’m just excited we’ll be able to do it. It will be a more robust look. And I think as I’ve said before, we think the regulators are going to want to see those robust looks at the OS to help them with sort of, in a sense, supporting the PFS endpoint.
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Cory. Yes. So look, I think the way to think about it is some of -- there have been a couple of events that the agency wants to make sure that they have a chance to look at the overall safety profile. I remain blinded to the safety data. So, what is going on is we are gathering the safety data, and we’re going to share it with the FDA and with the data monitoring committee. I can tell you that we feel that these are temporary challenges right now and we’re going to work through resolving it as quickly as possible. I don’t think these challenges really shake our confidence for the portfolio overall and our overall strategy hasn’t changed. We’re really committed to the macro development program, and we think that it really continues to have the potential to really address -- an important unmet medical need. The only thing I’d add is, remember, these are very generally pretty sick patients. And with that underlying illness, I think it’s appropriate to be cautious to make sure that we’re striking the right balance as we go forward. But we’ll work through it by looking at the overall safety at the overall safety profile, Brian, and make sure that we are able to resolve those issues with the FDA.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. I think in addition to the TIGIT asset, as you know, the adenosine portfolio, if you will, the 2 molecules, the 2 inhibitors of adenosine, both in terms of the synthesis inhibitor, CD73, as well as the receptor blocker are really interesting to us. They’re early programs, but we think that there is a real potential for those assets to provide significant upside to treatment, both in terms of where -- in lung cancer, where we think there’s some -- the trial that’s ongoing that is looking at the addition of adenosine inhibition to TIGIT plus PD-1 as well as in some of the indications that Arcus is evaluating with monotherapy in particular, pancreatic cancer. So, I think for us, there are a number of opportunities there and the broad potential of adenosine inhibitors to add on to immuno-oncology in general and TIGIT plus PD-1 in particular really strike us is a really great opportunity that hopefully as the data mature, we’ll be able to share more and really underpin the optimism we have around where those programs are headed.
Merdad Parsey: And then the triplet study, yes, we’ll -- we haven’t announced that yet. We need to work through some details. Thanks for reminding me, Dan. We’re working through some approach. Really, the question here for us is how to go from the doublet, where we’re really looking at a TIGIT inhibitor being an unapproved agent, right, and then potentially bringing in a second unapproved agent. So we have to work through in a sense, the regulatory complications of how we have to sequence and stage those studies to allow us to assess the contribution of components such that we can move forward aggressively. So, we’re working really closely with our adenosine colleague -- our adenosine colleagues, our Arcus colleagues, and we’ll work through the regulatory pathways to make sure that we can get to a robust base Phase 3 trials with those. So, as we do so, we’ll certainly share the timing in the pathway.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Michael, it’s a great question. And I think, thank you for asking it. So, as a reminder, I think from a PFS standpoint, the primary endpoint of the study, we believe we’re really well powered to detect a difference there. And as I’ll remind folks, we did redesign the study a year ago in order to power the study adequately for OS as well. I would -- I think as excited as I am that we will be able to report out that first interim analysis, Michael, you’re absolutely right on that. I would not expect statistical significance at this first interim because it is relatively early in the time frame that we’re seeing. So, my expectation is that again, pending a positive outcome that we are well powered to see a PFS improvement at a statistically significant level. And the OS will be supportive data at that point that will give us directionality as to where we’re headed. And then hopefully, subsequent to that as the events accrue, we’ll see where we’re headed with OS and down the road. It’s a great question.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, it’s really important to -- I think this may have not been entirely clear. First of all, I think -- look, I think whenever there’s a safety question, the agency is going to err on the side of being cautious. And so we’ll work through with them on how to go forward. And I agree in those studies, we are not combining with azacitidine. So again, I think as we share the data and the analysis with the agency, hopefully, we can come to resolution sooner than later. And it’s important to note that for the multiple myeloma study, we actually hadn’t really started enrolling patients at that point. So I think that was one consideration. And by contrast for the DLBCL study, that is completely enrolled. So, the partial hold there actually doesn’t have much of a practical impact on that study because we’re going to continue dosing the patients who are already enrolled in that study. So, I think -- remember that the way it works is maybe the context here, the holds are placed on an IND, not on a study-by-study basis, generally. So, this was a hold to the IND. And so, that’s sort of the context to think about it. I’ll hand it off to Andy to answer the second part of the question.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks. And I guess, I’d make two points. The first is, is very early days with the oral program. And so, I would keep that in mind. We just started Phase 1. So, a lot of things can happen. And so I would just keep that in mind. Obviously, if things go well, we’ll move as aggressively as possible. And I agree with Johanna. I think that there will always be a role for both oral and IV therapies. There will be a -- what we’re seeing now, I think, in terms of how folks are approaching it is that as availability of oral therapies becomes broader, they’re used relatively early in the course of disease. Many people may progress and/or not get treated early enough and end up in the hospital. And at that point, I think that’s where that hospitalized or carry hospitalization more severe disease is where the role of IV therapies is going to come in, Veklury in particular is going to come in. So, I have too much to add to what Johanna said, but I do think there’ll be a role for both in the long run.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, very quickly. I think as I mentioned, we did upsize the study last year for OS because we’ve always believed, especially in HR-positive that having OS data are going to be important to support a file. It’s not the primary endpoint, and we think it’s going to be important supportive data to go. So, that didn’t really have much to do with this confluence of events here. It’s a fortuitous event in terms of timing here that will support our data. So hopefully, that answers...
Merdad Parsey: The FDA didn’t specifically ask us for it. No. It’s always -- we’re always going to take a look at OS with the first PFS data cut at this point in order -- instead of doing a look and then an interim, we’re just going to do the PFS and the interim at the same time.
