Paul R. Carter: Hi, Geoff. So several things happened in the quarter in relation to volume and revenue per patient, so maybe I'll try and deal with all of them. So the first thing, as you said, we had, and we expected this and hoped for it, that several of the large commercial payers opened up access to patients regardless of their fibrosis scores during quarter one. The consequence of that was that they triggered discounts that had been previously negotiated in order to incentivize that opening up of restrictions. So that was the first thing. And then the VA, as you know, treated very few patients in quarter four last year because of lack of funding. That funding was agreed for a two-year period and focused on HCV medicines, and was clarified late December. Then the VA went through a process of evaluating the clinical evaluation of product available from not just us, but obviously new entrants to the market. And that process took through till mid to late January. And we had to negotiate with the VA, and we did give the VA some extra discounts, which resulted in them putting our products on their formulary and also opening up, again, access to all patients within the VA. So there were no restrictions on patients. And again, we see this as a large positive. And as that funding got distributed around the VA centers, we started to see a very large uptick in VA treatment from about the middle of the quarter, and we anticipate that that will continue through the year. The second area that happened, of course, is we had the entrance of Merck into the market, and so we judiciously exercised our contractual right to preserve access. And in a few cases, we did increase a little bit of discount to some payers to ensure that Harvoni in particular remained on formularies and with full access. The third thing I think we've seen, as I indicated in the comments, was a slight and gradual shift of payer mix away from the commercial and Medicare Part D payers towards the more government payers, and that was probably about a 10% shift from quarter four to quarter one. And then the final piece, as we indicated, is we did have a catch-up, a true-up of some rebate claims that came in respect to quarter three and quarter four that were a little bit higher than we estimated last quarter and which we put right during quarter one. So that really is the dynamic between volumes and revenue per patient.
Paul R. Carter: Mike, I think we are in a much more stable place than we were one year ago at this time. I think I described it just now. We've made some contractual moves which have opened up access. We're very happy about that. We're happy that some of the government payers are beginning to treat a few people. We're very happy about the VA in particular ramping up its treatment levels. I said that we've had to compete in the VA, and we did that, but we're enjoying very high market shares wherever physicians have the choice of prescribing. And that's always been our aim, to make sure that physicians and patients can choose what drug they think is appropriate. And wherever that's the case, Gilead seems to do pretty well. So I would say looking forward, we're in a fairly stable place now. Clearly, over time as competition increases, prices are likely to incrementally move in one direction, I would think. But I think we're stable.
Paul R. Carter: Should I comment on that, John, maybe? So it's actually very hard to tell when people have been diagnosed and who's been treated when. Anecdotally, I can tell you, and I was out visiting some doctors in California just last week. Patients are – there are plenty of patients there. There are many people who are linked to care now. And with the fibrosis restrictions being dropped now, most physicians can treat – certainly in the commercial area and Medicare area, can treat whoever they want. One thing is clear though that there are still prior authorizations in place and there's still a fair amount of office paperwork and bureaucracy that have to be put in place for each patient. Then there are the patients themselves, many of whom just simply aren't quite mentally ready or psychologically ready to commit to that disciplined eight-week or 12-week treatment. And with these products, of course, insurance companies aren't keen to do it twice. They want to try and get it right the first time, the doctors want to get it right the first time, and the patients want to get it right the first time. So we're seeing that some of the delays in patients starting has to do with the patient just being ready to commit to a disciplined eight or 12 weeks of patients. On the diagnosis side, again anecdotally, we just know that there are a lot of activities going on. A lot of people are telling us what's going on around the countryside, and we do see diagnosis rates increasing significantly. So I think there are plenty of patients being diagnosed and there are plenty of patients coming into treatment and there's a waiting list of patients at most offices. By the way, our estimate on diagnosis is about 200,000 new diagnoses happened in the U.S. last year.
Paul R. Carter: About 7% or 8% of the U.S. HCV epidemiology is genotype 3. We don't have any data on it, but certainly we get – I'm getting the impression from my team anecdotally there is a little bit of warehousing, but not least because sofosbuvir/daclatasvir is a very expensive regimen. And the hope is that the cost of the genotype 3 treatment will come down somewhat after sof/vel comes onto the market, which is the PDUFA date is June 28, so people are thinking about that. So we're optimistic.
Paul R. Carter: So we're very, very pleased with the execution of our launches in Japan. In terms of patient flow, the genotype 2 patients, which represent about 20% of the Japanese epidemiology in HCV, are beginning to stabilize now. So those are the patients being treated with Sovaldi. Those numbers – we launched on May 25 last year. We initially had a bolus and then those numbers came down through quarter four. And quarter one is at a lower level than quarter four, but we're seeing a stable flow of patients now in genotype 2, and we would anticipate that to be stable through the rest of the year. Genotype 1 is treated by Harvoni. We treated an enormous number of patients initially. We're not quite sure if the curve in Japan is identical to the curves we've seen in the U.S. or other major markets, and that's because there was a DAA [Direct Antiviral Agent] in the market before Harvoni, which did treat quite a few people. So there might not have been quite such a large amount of warehousing. In any case, we're seeing the Harvoni patient numbers coming down gradually. It's not quite as steep as some of the markets. And that's yet to stabilize, but I'm pretty sure – I know it will stabilize sometime in the next quarter or two. So that's how we're seeing it. We treated about 30,000 patients during the quarter. So that number, it will be there or thereabouts I think for the rest of the year.
Paul R. Carter: Hi, Ying. So the first question was about patient volumes coming in and relative to the opening up of the fibrosis scores. So I'm not sure whether you look at this data or not, but we get new-to-brand data, which is really the leading indicator of new starts in the quarter. So we've seen, and this is just retail scripts by the way, so that doesn't include the VA, it doesn't include scripts that go through ESI [Express Scripts] and various other groups, so it's partly representative. And what we've seen amongst those scripts is new starts in the quarter have gone up, and that's gone up exactly in line with our expectations with the fibrosis scores being released. Total scripts have remained relatively flat, and part of that is because in quarter four of course the patient numbers, throughout really 2015 quarter on quarter, the new starts were coming down. And therefore the refills associated with those new starts falling into quarter one were somewhat down. So the aggregate of that makes the numbers of total prescriptions in the quarter look relatively flat and slightly disengaged from the fibrosis piece. So I think that hopefully covers that. And then of course, the VA, as I said, isn't included in that group and that was a large number of patients coming into the system.
Paul R. Carter: The payer mix, I think directionally, this is not a dramatic move. I think directionally we anticipate that Medicaid will start. There's a lot of pressure on Medicaid to treat patients. And we anticipate that the public payer sector will start proportionately getting a little bit bigger in our mix. Just as an example, around 77% of our payer mix at the end of quarter four or during quarter four was really commercial and Medicare Part D. That number has dropped down now to about 64% as a proportion. So we're seeing a shift, and I would imagine that that will continue gradually.
Paul R. Carter: No, we're not going to give guidance on our guidance. We gave the gross-to-net number once. We've built that into our guidance for the rest of the year, so we're not planning on breaking that out it all.
Paul R. Carter: I think it's hard to tell on the flow of patients first of all. What we do know is there are plenty of patients out there. As I said, our data, we've got three different sources of data which shows that 25,000 to 30,000 patients are coming into treatment. Obviously, a lot less than that are actually being treated. And anecdotally as I said, I think it's because there's bureaucracy still in the physicians' offices, which give a kind of – I guess that's a gating in the sense of the number of patients that can be treated. And also there's from the patient side people actually ready to be treated. I think they want to be teed up, if you like, for treatment, but they might not want to actually start tomorrow morning. So I think we should expect patient flow to be fairly stable through this year. And then on the negotiation side, I think with real-world data, payers are tending now to really take a lot more time and put a lot more thought into evaluating the clinical profiles of the products. And until we see the clinical profiles of the new products, it's very hard to predict how competitive they are. If they're competitive, I think we have to anticipate prices will come down and we'll negotiate because we certainly don't want to lose any access to patients for our products, and we'll defend our market share vigorously. So it's hard to predict. I think directionally, competition equals lower prices, but we're going to be focusing on looking at differentiating our products. We've got great products out there now and our pipeline looks really exciting. So I think we're in good shape for a long and sustainable and healthy HCV business in the U.S.
Paul R. Carter: And in Europe, I've got to say the payers are treating the products generally with less consideration to the clinical differences than we're seeing in the U.S. And there are some payers who are treating the products a bit more like commodities, and we're working hard to make sure that we educate them as best as possible. And I think the real-world data, much of which originates from Europe, is really supporting us in that. But we have seen some instances, for example, tenders in the Nordics, which have a very binary outcome. And there are certain times that we've decided that those tenders' prices don't warrant the value of our products. So our market shares have been a little bit less in Europe. And specifically to answer your question, I think all three players are out there in Europe trying to get business. But at the end of the day, we hope that people will recognize that the Gilead products are highly effective, very simple, very tolerable. And the real-world data, which is now there are vast amounts of it, really does support us when physicians make their choices. And as I said earlier, where physicians have the freedom of prescription, we tended to have very, very strong market shares, in the 90%-plus.
Paul R. Carter: Oh, yes, sorry, eight weeks. We've drifted slowly but surely upwards on the eight weeks. I think we're about 43% now. I've got to emphasize the data we have is called intent-to-treat rather than actual prescriptions. So the intent to treat in the U.S. is about 43%. The epidemiology, as we've previously said, would probably suggest that about half our genotype 1 patients would fall into the criteria that would trigger off eight-week treatment.
Paul R. Carter: We're not going to break down the weeks of therapy. I just said what we think the eight-week amount is, but the rest you'll have to just model yourself. And I'll hand over to Norbert for the second question.
Paul R. Carter: I don't have a lot of details at my fingertips actually, Alan. I would say, just to build on what Norbert was saying earlier, the interactions we're having with many people working on diagnosis projects around the country are that there's a lot of – a surprisingly high level of positive diagnosis in some of the urban centers and in ER rooms in particular in those urban centers, where diagnosis rates have been double at least what even the local investigators had anticipated. Why that is, I'm not sure, but this has been consistent throughout the country. So I would say that diagnosis rate, the 200,000, would grow rather than shrink, certainly for the next few years. And there are great efforts of course now to encourage diagnosis because people know that at the end of it, they're going to be treated and have a high probability of being cured.
John F. Milligan: Hi, Mark. It's John. Mergers and acquisitions are always a process, and so the ability to go hostile is limited by how much data or how much cooperation you need. And so in each situation, you'd have to think about what do I need to know about the pipeline or about things that are not public about a company in order to be comfortable making a public offer for the company. But that being said, we've never declared ourselves unwilling to go hostile. I do prefer a friendly process, but it would just depend on the situation itself.
John F. Milligan: Geoff, I think that was directed at me, but I'm going to let Robin answer the first part of the question.
John F. Milligan: For us it's fairly simple. We have the flexibility to do both things; that is, return shareholder value through stock repurchases and dividends and of course continue to be opportunistic in M&A. How we're deploying it is a reflection of the things we're interested in. I think, for example, the Nimbus acquisition, while relatively small, could bring a very, very unique product to us and something that we had focused on during the quarter. We're continuing to look for opportunities like that, and we will continue to aggressively look for opportunities to deploy our cash in investing in things other than Gilead.
John F. Milligan: So, Brian, I'll start with the China question. So in terms of timing for China, there is a fairly fixed process. And according to the recent processes, we could possibly have sofosbuvir on the market in 2017. As you may have seen, there are new – the Chinese government is working hard to try to accelerate review and approval of HCV drugs because currently none are on the market of the direct-acting antivirals, and that could help us accelerate the timelines into China, and we are working on that. Particularly of interest to us would be accelerating the timeline for sof/velpatasvir because there are so many different genotypes in China. Genotyping is not common in China, and this could provide a very good option for the people of China. So there's hope, but we can't guarantee of course that we can accelerate that approval beyond its current timeline, which is 2019. The Chinese market is fairly large. Between 10 million and 20 million people are thought to have HCV. I don't want to get into public discussions of pricing, but I do think there's a price/volume relationship that would work for us and for the Chinese health system that could be very, very good for us both. And so that's what we're working towards is access in China. Your second question was on warehousing for genotype 3 patients. Currently a lot of genotype 3 patients are being treated with sof in combination with daclatasvir. And so there seems to be fairly decent access for that. So I'm looking at Paul. I don't think there's any real warehousing going on, but maybe you're more aware of it than I am.
Robin L. Washington: Hi, Geoff. It's Robin. I think as we said all along, we look at how we leverage our cash as not only being share repurchases and dividends, but also we consistently look at investing in our core pipeline as well as M&A where appropriate. And similar to the amounts that you called out relative to cash, it's actually about a 17% reduction in share count, as I mentioned on the call. We have done a lot of M&A as well. And I think we'll continue to do that, as John said, when the right opportunities present themselves. So I think we've always been fairly clear that we're balancing doing all of those things, and we have purposely focused on share repurchases because in the absence of M&A it allows us to be flexible and more opportunistic. But when the right M&A opportunities present themselves, it allows us to reduce our share repurchases in order to make those necessary acquisitions and leverage our cash and debt and borrowing if we need to.
Robin L. Washington: Sure. And going back to answer the second part of your question relative to the rebate accruals that both Paul and I mentioned, we regularly have to adjust our accruals to reflect the trends and timing of rebates. And I would say still the trends and the dynamics and the complexity around reimbursement in these markets still make them somewhat difficult to predict. So I wouldn't say they were all one-time in nature. There may be a small component that you could say when we were trying to look at the level of inventory that maybe was one-time in nature, but these dynamics I think we may see continue into the future. The honest answer is we don't necessarily know.
Robin L. Washington: Maybe I'll see if I can take the first part of your question. This is Robin. We gave guidance for the full year. I would say yes, this quarter we had a slightly uptick relative to our HIV expectations and slightly down relative to HCV. But I think we've still got three quarters to play things out. And as Paul said, we continue to be optimistic relative to patient starts and a more stable, predictable environment going forward. But it's still very early to tell.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: No. As John said, Zydelig has not only not decreased our appetite, it has increased our appetite to do more in oncology. And we're now at a point where a number of programs are coming to fruition. For instance, momelotinib we're intending to file early next year. The Phase 3 studies are fully enrolled. We should get results at the end of this year. The anti-MMP9 antibody is in Phase 3 for colorectal cancer. We're at the end of dose-ranging with combinations of PI3K, SYK, and SYK/BTK, and that will move into front-line treatment. So we have a number of interesting things ongoing internally. And of course, like John said, we're continuously looking externally at finding suitable opportunities. And if the right opportunity comes along, then we will take advantage of it.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Brian, I might want to add that we have a number of demonstration projects ongoing in the United States to look for places, institutions, populations and figure out what the diagnosis positivity would be. And it's surprising, we've identified some places like ER rooms that have seropositivity rates of greater than 10%. We hope that those demonstration projects will then lead to a broader recognition of the value of diagnosis and identification of hepatitis C in infected individuals.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Ian, actually it's four products that we have currently in early clinical studies if you include the Nimbus compound. That deal, by the way, has not closed yet, but it should close in the next week. So we have the ASK inhibitor, the ACC1/ACC2 inhibitor, simtuzumab, and then the FXR agonist. And we could by the end of this year be in four Phase 2 studies really in NASH to look at the effect of any one of these agents by themselves. And then we would also at the same time look at our star combination studies to see – we always have SYK. We believe in the three points of PET disease pathogenesis. There's fibrosis, inflammation, and metabolic, and yet we don't have agents that address all of them. And you're absolutely – our hypothesis is that ultimately it's a complex biological disease and probably more than one agent would be needed. And we're looking forward, maybe sometime next year we will then go to Phase 3. With regards to BD, we're of course looking. At the moment there is nothing out there that I would say we have to get. As I said, we have four components. We're going to look at those individually and then as the results come in make decisions what else we would need.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: I would say we have, as you know, GS-4774. GS-4779, that's the GlobeImmune vaccine. We've presented data at the last AASLD so they're showing that at least in virally-suppressed patients it did not lead to a reduction in its antigen. We are currently doing a study in treatment-naive patients. We then have GS-9620, the TLR-7 agonist in Phase 2 as well – or Phase 2a. And then we have two other internal programs that we haven't disclosed yet. They are pre-IND, but we have identified with two different mechanisms molecules that we want to develop or evaluate in human clinical studies. But having that said, it's early as a general statement in hepatitis B cure that we are really having a very open mind and looking outside what else is there potentially that would fit our portfolio.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Jim, as you know, steroid FXR agonists do many, many things, not only in the liver, but in other target organs. So our philosophy is that we have an FXR agonist that purely acts at the level of the GI. So it does not get orally absorbed to any meaningful degree. And then what it does at the level of the GI, it releases FGF19, and we believe that FGF19 does everything that it needs to do in order to impact on NASH. That's our hypothesis and we're testing that, and we should have data available in the third or fourth quarter of this year. So that's a fairly easy experiment to do. You simply look at bio-availability which is below, but the FGF19 – increase the FGF19 levels with some of the consequent metabolic effects. That way we also think we can prevent colitis, we can prevent the cholesterol effects, we can prevent alkaline phosphatase elevations, et cetera. So if that all is true, it should be a much safer and cleaner FXR agonist.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: We could probably have some of the preliminary data at the AASLD, and we would then move into Phase 3 soon after that. So we're not that far behind other companies.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: So, Tony, you are exactly right. There have been previous ACC programs at Merck and Pfizer. They have not been successful, and the reason had to do with the specificity. This compound is really unique, it's a low nanomolar inhibitor of both ACC1 and ACC2. And it inhibits not only the pathway that goes to de novo lipogenesis, so based on low Coenzyme A production, but it also inhibits at the level of the mitochondrion. It stimulates, I might say, lipid acid beta oxidation. So it does really two things. It inhibits the formation of lipids, palmitate mostly, and at the same time it stimulates the beta oxidation of lipids. And so there are actually some anecdotal reports from the Pfizer compound that inhibition of ACC1 and ACC2 results in a decrease in liver fat. That's by the way something we will do as one of the next experiments. We would look by MRI on the reduction of – we've already shown at the EASL presentation that it inhibits lipogenesis. Now we have to show also that it inhibits lipid fat content of the liver. It's a very straightforward and easy experiment to do. And I think once we have shown that, we have pretty high confidence that there would be a meaningful clinical benefit of the combo.
