Merdad Parsey: Yes. Thanks, Michael. This is Merdad. You're absolutely right. We do think that there are a couple of things that we think about when we think about differentiation. The first is that -- we've now been on the market and have several approvals under our belt with Trodelvy. And I think that is an important factor for having now been on the market in important indications. To your point, with lung, we will be somewhat behind where our competition is we do think that the data will have to evolve for us and for them. And I think so far, we have been fortunate to not see ILD in our development program so far. And so we are going to continue advancing our program forward aggressively. We've had a lot of success so far -- and I think our plan is to keep going ahead with the differentiated clinical development program so we can get into the broadest population as possible.
Merdad Parsey: Yes, hi thanks, that's an excellent question. And I think we haven't really talked about the design yet. In large part, we are working through both with investigators and regulators on what the best approach is going to be in that patient population. We do think that there is an important need in a large population there. And we want to make sure that we navigate that pathway carefully. So I think as we develop that program as a protocol gets developed, we'll be able to share more detail over time.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. This is Merdad again. Excellent question. Thank you for that. We -- in terms of our confidence, I think to your point, look, I think there was a lot of debate a couple of years ago. We shared in that debate, with what the preclinical data was showing. And as you know, the data they were conflicting preclinical data, including some data that suggested maybe an FC-silent may not work. But which is why we ran the studies the way we did and very importantly, why we ran ARC-7. The objective there was really to establish whether an FC-silent now would demonstrate a benefit relative to FC-active molecule. Part of the hypothesis there is what happens in the periphery and whether depleting effector cells with TIGIT could actually be harmful with FC-competent molecule relative to an FC-nonmolecule. And our confidence really comes from our ARC-7 data. I think the ARC-7 data really answered that question. We clearly show a benefit when added on to a PD-1. The PFS data exceed our bar for moving forward. And so we really think that we've answered that question in the clinic as to whether the FC-now matters.
Merdad Parsey: Yes. Just 2 seconds. I think you're right to point out the uncertainties that we all have and that we've seen with outpatient COVID. And we have a lot of confidence in the mechanism of 5245 given what our expertise in the molecule itself and how well behaved it is. And we are going to push forward and do our best with both the high-risk and standard risk study and the uncertainties in terms of the pandemic will really determine what happens from here. So we will definitely keep you updated as to how that goes from here on out.
Merdad Parsey: Sure. Very briefly. The -- to your point, one is in the high-risk population, right? So I think that's important. Those are people who have risk factors, whether or not they've been vaccinated and then the standard risk, which is people without risk factors. And -- those are very different populations. The end points are different in terms of what we're looking for and the high risk we're going to be looking for the ability to prevent things like hospitalization. And the standard risk, it would be looking for things like symptom improvement. And I think, again, I'll just reiterate that I think the uncertainties in terms of those factors and importantly, the underlying event rate is real. And so we've made a number of assumptions around what that background rate will be. And we've built into the trials, checkpoints to make sure that our assumptions are correct. And we have the ability to modify our program based on what the underlying event rates are. So that sort of helps mitigate the risks and the uncertainties. So we've gone in fairly eyes open to that.
Merdad Parsey: Hi, Olivia, this is Merdad. Yes. I think maybe it's good to step back and just clarify in the sense of -- how we're approaching interim analysis for our studies. So the pivotal macro study is powered for events at the final analysis. And of course, we run interim analyses, I think, as is norm for the industry to evaluate things like safety, but also we spend a little bit of alpha in case there is a dramatic improvement in the primary endpoint and offer ourselves the opportunity to start early to benefit patients. So the OS data continue to mature. The next interim this year dependent on events, of course, is not the final analysis. So it really depends on how big the magnitude of improvement is in OS, whether that leads to a stop in the study or an unblinding in the study. Our expectation is that we go to the final OS analysis. Of course, we always hope an upside surprise at one of the earlier interim analysis. And then in terms of approval, I think we really need to have OS. We initially had hoped that we could get, for example, an accelerated approval with CR rates alone. We think we need to do both now to have both a complete response rate, but primarily be driven -- not primarily be driven but importantly, have OS data as well in order to support a file.
Merdad Parsey: Hi, Nicole, this is Merdad. We haven't really disclosed anything on the safety. Those studies have really just gotten underway. So I don't think we have anything to share yet. We'll, of course, be following that to see if anything emerges. Your question is exactly the one that we want to make sure we address as we move forward. But I don't -- we don't have enough data at this point to make a comment one way or the other.
