Daniel O'Day: Thank you, Jacquie, and good afternoon, everyone. I want to start by thanking the Gilead teams for delivering a strong first quarter, which you see in our commercial performance and our clinical execution. Total product sales, excluding Veklury, grew 6% year-over-year to $6.1 billion, driven by higher demand across HIV, oncology and liver disease. Veklury sales continue to track with the rates of hospitalization for COVID-19 and reached a total of $555 million.   Once again, sales growth for the quarter reflected the diversity of our portfolio. HIV product sales grew 4% year-over-year. Oncology product sales were up 18%, driven by Trodelvy, which is well established as the #1 regimen for second-line metastatic triple-negative breast cancer and by our transformative cell therapies. As we outlined at the recent Kite analyst event in Maryland, we have exciting plans to build on our clear market leadership in cell therapy, such as expand into community networks in the U.S., more than double our manufacturing capacity, and move into new indications and disease areas with next-generation products.   From an EPS perspective, first quarter results reflect the close of the CymaBay acquisition with an inquired IP R&D charge of $3.9 billion or an expense of $3.14 per share. Excluding this charge, non-GAAP diluted EPS would have been $1.82 for the first quarter, which is above expectations, driven by higher product sales. The CymaBay acquisition brings us an important registrational medicine, seladelpar, which has the potential to address significant unmet need in liver disease. We have filed for regulatory approval of seladelpar as a treatment for primary biliary cholangitis, or PBC, with both FDA and EMA, and we expect an FDA regulatory decision in August.   If approved, we will leverage our industry-leading commercial infrastructure and long-standing expertise in liver disease to bring seladelpar a potentially transformative therapy to people with PBC who might benefit. Moving to clinical execution. We're very pleased with momentum in our HIV pipeline, which was reflected in our 80 data abstracts at CROI. Based on the strength of the data, we've initiated Phase III trials for bictegravir and lenacapavir, our novel once-daily oral regimen, and plan to advance once weekly oral programs, including lenacapavir plus islatravir into Phase III. Later this year, we will host an HIV analyst event to share details of how we will further shape the HIV landscape with innovative options for prevention and treatment, including the next wave of long-acting therapies.  Before I pass it to Johanna, I will briefly recap our 2024 milestones on Slide 6. We have already achieved first patient in for the Phase III ARTISTRY-1 and ARTISTRY-2 trials, evaluating once-daily lenacapavir in combination with bictegravir as well as Phase II first patient in for SWIFT evaluating GS-1427, our oral alpha-4-beta-7 inhibitor. We are also on track for our upcoming milestones, including updates from 3 Phase III clinical trials for Trodelvy and lenacapavir.   Looking ahead to the rest of 2024, this is a time of focused execution for Gilead. We will see disciplined and agile in our approach, and we will focus the organization on both near-term execution and longer-term plans. With 54 clinical programs in play, no major patent expiration for the decade and many opportunities for growth, we have a lot of potential and a lot to deliver.  My thanks again to the Gilead teams for their great work this quarter and the ongoing progress across our diverse portfolio of therapies. With that, I'll hand it over to Johanna. 
Daniel O'Day: Great, Chris. Welcome, everybody. This is Dan. I'm going to have Johanna cover this question. Thank you. 
Daniel O'Day: Thanks, Geoff. This is Dan. We're going to have Cindy Perettie answer that question, if you don't mind. So Cindy, over to you. 
Daniel O'Day: And Salveen, this is Dan. Just to answer the end of your question. I mean, we're always therapeutic area agnostic when we approach these. I mean, first of all, we've got robust portfolios around both urology and oncology and a building portfolio in inflammation. So we look, frankly, across those spectrums. Seladelpar is a great example of finding an opportunity within our liver disease or -- franchise and be able to use that channel. But equally, we'll look for opportunities and synergies that complement our portfolio across therapeutic areas. And that's our approach. We think that makes sense. We look for the most attractive science. And as Andy said, we have a lot in our hands now to work through and to execute on. And so we'll keep the bar very high. 
Daniel O'Day: Mohit, maybe I'll start and then have others add. First of all, I think just stepping back and thinking about the portfolio that we've built over the past 4 years now more than doubling the size of the portfolio and with significant advances in our HIV portfolio and oncology and with outside of cell therapy. So as we think about growth moving forward, I mean, first of all, I would say on the HIV side of the business, we have to constantly remind ourselves and others that in addition to the treatment market and the potential for long-acting treatment that we have a very robust program on, and we'll update you a little bit more on towards the second half of this year with an analyst event, we've got the PrEP market that is just beginning to kind of be dimensionalized.  And that is -- I think that provides significant growth opportunity when you think about your time frame, which you mentioned, which is until the end of the decade. So I think it allows us to think about accelerated HIV total growth prevention and treatment as we head towards the second half of the decade. That -- on top of that, then we have the entirety of the oncology portfolio. So both cell therapy within the large B-cell lymphoma area as well as potentially the multiple myeloma entry with the anito-cel. And then on top of that, a very robust oncology portfolio that has both Trodelvy and other novel agents that we'll read out over the course of this decade. And I'll just remind you, again, we've got close to 20 readouts this year, of which 3 of those are in Phase III, including lenacapavir for prep in the second half of this year, 2 Trodelvy Phase III readouts. And then importantly, we've added seladelpar to the mix with a PDUFA date in August.  And then finally, just the opportunity to update you on the anito-cel at the end of the year as well. So we'll be providing more guidance as we continue to look at the entirety of our portfolio, but we really think we have within the company today, by the way, I'll just mention, in addition to complementing where needed from the outside. But within the company today, we have what it takes to drive a substantial growth in our business over the course of the next decade with focus on expense management as well to produce good returns for investors. 
Daniel O'Day: Thank you, Cindy. This is Dan again. So I appreciate all of you joining. Maybe just a bit of a summary statement. I want you all to know we at Gilead are very focused on the near-term execution and the long-term plans. We'll continue to stay disciplined and agile in our approach. Just as highlights, we've got 54 active clinical programs, no major patent expiries through the end of the decade, a variety of opportunities for growth and a lot more to deliver. On top of that, we are on track to provide updates from 3 Phase III clinical trials for Trodelvy, lenacapavir. We've got the seladelpar PDUFA date in August. Any update on the anito-cel Phase II update with the management we'll have at the end of the year. So rest assured that we are firmly focused on the many opportunities we have, and we have a lot more potential to deliver. With that, I'll hand over to Jacquie for closing comments. 
Johanna Mercier: Thanks, Chris, for the question. So we do expect an impact of the Part D redesign to be weighted towards our HIV business and expect our HIV growth in 2025 to be offset by the Part D redesign impact. So as a result, we expect our HIV sales to be roughly flat year-on-year in 2025. Having said that, overall, we expect our total business to grow despite the impact of the Part D we designed in 2025 with the top line, building momentum in 2020 -- beyond 2025, right, '26 and beyond. So we do expect growth in '25, but our HIV business, the demand of HIV will offset the impact of Part D. 
Johanna Mercier: Maybe just to add to that. I would also say that the more options these patients have, these women have, in HR+ in earlier lines of therapy instead of cycling through chemotherapies, the better. So with DB06 results and moving potentially that compound up earlier, it actually allows for Trodelvy to also play a more important and a bigger population than it is today because of the profile of the TROPiCS-02 label. And so we do believe that there's opportunities for this ADC to move up and also differentiate itself versus other ADCs in this marketplace, depends effect profile, the safety profile, not only on the efficacy. And so in light of the IHC-0 setting being really our strong foothold in HR+/HER2-, we believe that will continue, whether that's in later lines of therapy or earlier lines of these studies play out. 
Johanna Mercier: Thanks, Simon. It's Johanna. Let me take that one. And I think you're absolutely right. I think the fact that there is more than one competitor hitting the market is great for patients namely around increasing disease awareness around PDC and the fact that there are 2 options available. Having said that, I also feel incredibly confident that seladelpar is well differentiated to potentially be best in disease when you think about the significant impact and clinically meaningful impact we have with the ALP normalization in the clinical jet Phase III clinical trial we've seen as well as the improvement in pruritus which is a key symptom of the disease. And today, there really is no effective antipruritic options for PBC patients. And so all of that put together, in addition to the fact that we believe our footprint, both commercial and medical is incredibly well established when it comes to liver disease. It already covers about 80% of all U.S. PBC prescribers. And with that strong differentiated profile we were just referring to, I don't think those 3 months make a difference. I think really it's about best-in-class launch and that potential with seladelpar that we look forward for our PDUFA date. 
Cindy Perettie: Thanks, Daina. So if I start off with the early line ODAC, I think we believe this is positive for everybody. What it's shown is that people recognize the value of having CAR Ts therapies earlier in their disease. They value the disease-free intervals that they get from that. So we were very happy to see that. I think we were equally as excited to see the second ODAC around MRD, minimal residual disease, as a secondary -- as an additional endpoint. I think the piece around this is that we're really encouraged that the ODAC decision is going to open up the door for us to potentially bring anito-cel to market faster for patients. And we're in the process right now of understanding how the MRD surrogate endpoint can be used with regulatory agencies and the application of our program and so more to come on that front. 
Cindy Perettie: So we have 3 products right now, or 3 constructs that are in Phase Ia and b clinical trials. The first one is a bicistronic CD19, CD20 that has 41BB and CD28. The second one is that same construct with fast manufacturing, 3-day manufacturing. And the other one is a CD19 like Yescarta with 3-day manufacturing. So we're looking at all 3 of those in parallel with the goal of picking the winner to advance that rapidly into our pivotal trials. So that's what's coming up next. Obviously, we've shared a lot around anito-cel as well. With anito-cel, we have the iMMagine-1 readout, and we expect to move quickly into earlier lines as it relates to anito-cel, and you'll hear more about that later this year. Hopefully, that answers your question. We certainly have a number of plays in early research, but we would plan to advance our next-generation lymphoma assets quickly. And obviously, with the scale that we have at Kite as well as the integrated fact that we can create the vector as well as the construct in-house. 
Cindy Perettie: Thanks, Terence, for the question. So on the commitment to anito-cel, we're -- as it relates to Parkinson's, we absolutely feel that we're differentiated potentially on both safety and efficacy. As we noted earlier, we have not observed the neurotox that some of the other constructs have observed, and we'll continue to monitor it, but we feel great about the profile right now. And then the efficacy profile, early signals are we think we will be equivalent or could be best-in-class. So we're 100% behind anito-cel and we're looking forward to bringing those data soon.  The second question around autoimmune space. So we continue to monitor the autoimmune space. And as you've heard from Andy and others before, we will play in that space. We are taking time to take a look at what's in the space versus what we have in our portfolio, and we'll be -- I don't have any updates further than that today. 
Cindy Perettie: Yes. No, we feel very confident that we're going to return to growth in the second half of the year, as we stated. I think just as a reminder, we had shared in quarter 4 our guidance was that we'd be flat to slightly down in quarter 1. And part of that is due to the restructure. So we are putting our strategy into play. We feel very confident about the approach we're taking in the U.S. And we now are looking at having almost a fully stacked sales team back out and working hard. I think a piece that we need to talk about as well as the market dynamics. So the things we're observing. We're observing out-of-class competition with the bispecifics, the ATC constraints that we've spoken about in the past based on multiple myeloma constructs coming in. But what we're seeing is a lot of the hospitals and ATCs are working through those constraints, and we feel really confident about the second half of this year. 
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Umer. Let me start by saying we think seladelpar is one of those medicines that will bring a lot of benefit to patients and really some near-term expansion of our liver portfolio and our -- and what we think will synergize with many of the other -- much of the other work that we're doing in liver disease overall.  We obviously did thorough diligence in our approach to seladelpar and CymaBay. We didn't do a third -- I think your question was around whether we did an independent third-party review of the pathology. We did not do that. However, we did a lot of thorough diligence on the data itself and the outcomes. And we are confident around the outcome and what it means for patients over time.  Obviously, we're waiting right now the -- our upcoming PDUFA date and also the file in the EMA, which we are optimistic about. And following the questions and all those sorts of items that we're in. So we're looking forward to providing an update on that as those filings proceed. 
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Tyler, it's Merdad again here. So it's a little challenging because I can't share too many details now because we're under embargo for both of those. And obviously, happy to fill in a lot of the blanks once the data are released, and we can talk about it in ASCO. I think for EVOKE-01, we think there are a number of pipeline updates in our ASCO presentations that we have upcoming, which were -- we see as a real change for us and a real evolution of our pipeline overall and our ability to build our oncology pipeline and bring new options for patients.  As part of the late breaker session for EVOKE-01, as you mentioned, we will include data on overall survival, on PFS, ORR and duration of response as well as the safety profile, of course. And I wish I could give you more details, but I can't at this point. As you say, we will also be providing other updates there, including the EVOKE-02 Cohort A data looking at the PD-L1 high non-small cell population. And again, it's -- I can't really talk about the details of those data, but we are looking forward to sharing those results with everyone and talking about the implications of that for our broader lung cancer and especially the frontline lung cancer EVOKE-03 study that we are conducting right now is underway with our partners at Merck. 
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Michael. This is Merdad again. As we've noted, I think, and as you talked about, the EVOKE-01 data in second line will be something that we discuss at ASCO and show those data. And the full data set is -- does motivate us to go forward in lung cancer and including with discussions with regulators. The unmet need in this population is great, and the data give us options, including discussions with health authorities and conducting follow-up trials. We'll be able to share more once the data are provided at ASCO, and so we look forward to having those deeper discussions once we can speak directly to the data.  And I'm sorry, and the second part of your question was around the front line. Again, I think once we are able to share the EVOKE-02 data, the update on EVOKE-02 data, we'll be able to talk more. But it does continue to allow us to think about the frontline and our confidence around about EVOKE-03. And then the last part of your question on other combinations. We do think about our intra-portfolio combinations. For example, we have a combination of dambinelumab and Trodelvy in a trial where we're looking to see if we can get additional efficacy from those sorts of combinations. So we do continuously look at our portfolio and look for opportunities for moving the needle with combinations from within our portfolio. 
Merdad Parsey: Thanks, Charlie. This is Merdad. Frontline is a challenge given the -- what is currently the background standard of care. But as you know, we think that seladelpar is going to bring a lot of benefit to a lot of patients, especially given the pruritus and the potential for getting to patients earlier in their course will be really important for us. And so we have to see how the market starts to respond to the presence of seladelpar in the second line. And recall, I think the other thing to recall or think about is the -- how long people actually get frontline therapy before moving on to second-line therapy, given the efficacy profile of the frontline therapies and the fact that there haven't been any options, one could anticipate that patients are moved to second-line therapy relatively early in their treatment course and making -- moving up formally for registrational trials to the frontline potentially superfluous. So I think we'll see how that plays out in the market. And once we see our label and all those sorts of things, so we'll be able to update more after that. 
Merdad Parsey: Brian, thanks, it's Merdad again. And I could talk about this for a long time. Let me -- I'll try to give a very concise answer. The recency assay that's been developed for HIV, it has been studied very thoroughly, and we can, based on the diagnosis at the time of screening, create a profile for anyone who's potentially HIV infected at that time as to how recently they were infected. And I think that's a key part. And that relates to the second part of your question in that the -- we don't, in a sense, need to compare risk behaviors before and after randomization and that we'll be looking at the overall incidence of HIV at the time of screening and then comparing in this counterfactual design with what happens after people start therapy. So I think between those 2 elements and all the discussions we've had with the regulators and the experts in the field, we're confident in that the design will provide the information necessary to get us to approval and for adoption. 
