Paul R. Carter: Okay. So I think I said in the script that we should anticipate in the United States that 2016 revenues should be more or less based on the second half of 2015, extrapolated for the year. I also mentioned that we had some lumpiness in the second half of the year due to the purchasing profile of the VA. And we anticipate that that will smooth out during the course of this year. I've also said numerous times before that in quarter one last year, we had a very large bulbous of warehoused patients being treated, which of course we're unlikely to see again. But to some extent, that gets substituted as the payers, commercial payers that are well known are beginning to loosen restrictions. So there's a few dynamics in the U.S., but I think the way that I would look at it is a fairly flat, stable, perhaps marginally growing number of patients flowing into treatment. If we see public payers stepping up, like Medicaids and perhaps the correctional facilities start treating more patients, then patient numbers could go higher than that in 2016. There's a few other factors which I also mentioned as we think about the revenue aspect as opposed to just patient numbers. The less sick patients, GT1 patients that qualify, are more likely to be using the eight-week Harvoni treatment duration. And of course, therefore revenue per patient would come down proportionately. Having said that, the offset is that budgets for treating patients go up, and we would like to think that more patients could be treated. So I think that's sort of the main things. I think from the competitive point of view, we feel very confident that our label is very strong and that we're very much supported by the real-world data we've seen since the launch of Harvoni with very high SVR rates and a very strong safety profile, at least as good if not better than the one that was used in our registrational trials. So I think we feel good about the year. The U.S. is fairly steady and possibly could even grow, as I said, if some restrictions are loosened and public payers step up. Around the world, as I mentioned, we expect patient numbers to grow in Europe. They've started to stabilize in the major markets now, again following more or less the shape of the curve in the U.S., where there was a large lump because of warehoused patients being treated initially. That is smoothing out now, and many of the smaller markets are now beginning to come onstream. And so we should see higher number of patients in Europe, but the same thing, we're likely to see more patients being treated with shorter durations. And as I also mentioned, we do have a number of price-volume agreements in place, which are deliberately incentivized to encourage higher volumes of patients being treated, but at a lower revenue per patient, if you like. So we should think about that. And then around the rest of the world, Japan, I mentioned very early days. We're still in that warehousing phase I think in Japan, although we're very pleased with the launch there so far. And then there are various other smaller markets around the world, and medium-sized markets, Australia being one of the medium-sized markets that are yet to launch yet. So we have plenty of patients around the world, but there are some other dynamics, as I said, around shorter treatment and of course the competitive situation.
Paul R. Carter: Yeah, thanks, John. I mean, I think if we cast our minds back 12 months, we had the first competitor coming into the hepatitis C space. And I think the managed care view at that time was that these products were interchangeable and could be treated like commodities to some extent, which really triggered off the pricing and negotiations we saw in the early part of last year. That has been proven to be a totally incorrect view of the hepatitis C products. And what we've seen, fortunately with Harvoni in particular, is the real-world data has really strengthened its position and people's understanding of what that product does. It cures people with an incredibly high SVR rate, and the safety profile has been extremely good and in line, if not better, than its label. That hasn't been the case of competitor products so far. In fact, we've seen safety warnings added to labels, and we've seen a differentiation. And that's played out in the market. So I think, as we see a new competitor coming into the market now, payers are really thinking this through. There isn't any kind of instinctive reactions. People are being very thoughtful, and we notice because we have very close discussions with the managed care main players, and we're working with them as they think through this. And I think we feel pretty confident that we'll maintain a strong position as we enter 2016.
Paul R. Carter: Sure. So if you've got your pencil ready, these are the numbers that I think happened last year. In fact, I'll take you back even into quarter four 2014, where we think 46,000 HCV starts were in the market. This is total starts, by the way. In quarter one 2015, there were 72,000. That really was the peak of this warehoused patient part of the curve. Then drop down into quarter two of 65,000. There were still some of those warehoused patients coming through. And then quarter three was 62,000, and quarter four was 50,000. We know that in quarter three, a lot of patients were treated by the VA, who by the way seem to be incredibly efficient at getting patients into treatment. And we know that in quarter four, very few patients were initiated by the VA. So I think if you do the basic math on that, we'd get up to about 230,000-something, forecasting that forward into 2016 if you assume the VA picks up. Then I think this sort of merges into the second part of your question, which is what happens with Medicaid and other public payers who to date have really treated very, very few people. So our assumption is they're still not going to treat that many more patients this year, is the way we're thinking forward, but we are hopeful that that will be a trend that improves over time as people start to see how effective these drugs are and particularly the eight-week usage of Harvoni, which, as I've mentioned, in the real world seems to be incredibly effective and offers very good value. So that's how we're thinking about it. I hope that's clear.
Paul R. Carter: So, Cory, I've mentioned before that we have some proprietary research that we do to try and monitor the flow of patients into treated care, and that means people who are diagnosed with hepatitis C and are registered with a hepatitis C prescriber. And that number has been remarkably consistent at around – we have actually three different sources of data, and it's around high 20,000s to 30,000 patients a month have been falling into that category. So they're diagnosed with HCV and they're registered with a treater. So if you do the math on that, clearly that's 360,000 patients coming into treatment a year, and we're seeing treatment levels a lot lower than that. What that speaks to is the types of patients are different amongst that 360,000 group, and their sort of pathway to actual treatment varies considerably. But there does appear, again doing the math and assuming the research is correct, that there is a line at the door of patients that still need to be treated and are accessible. I don't think those are the people that are, let's say out of society or these are people that are accessible, and for one reason or another reason, they haven't started treatment yet. But there's a strong flow of patients still out there, and I don't think we're anywhere near getting to the point where we're dealing with patients that are extremely difficult, let's say, to manage.
Paul R. Carter: Well, maybe I'll talk about pricing first of all. I mean, I think everyone knows this, but it's really net prices that are the important number here for payers in the U.S. and indeed in Europe. So there seem to be over the last few days somewhat of misinformation or confusion around the WAC price and discounts. So we feel that our pricing is extremely competitive and offers very, very good value given the competitive set. And as I said earlier, payers in the U.S. this time around are taking a very much more thoughtful look at the labels and trying to make sure they do the right thing for their clients. And so we feel pretty strong and pretty confident in the solid basis, let's say, of our price in the U.S. market. And the second question was about HCV.
Paul R. Carter: Okay. Maybe I'll comment on Japan. We are fully aware of the new pricing regulation that's just been introduced in Japan. We are, let's say, highly confident that that will affect Harvoni and Sovaldi in Japan. We're not totally certain yet on the number or the timing of that, of that likely price cut, but we have factored that into our guidance. And the second question was on Stribild -
Paul R. Carter: Yeah, yeah. Well, Genvoya's got off to a really good start. We think that about 80% of the Genvoya business to date is from switches, and we think that the majority of those switches are actually from Stribild so far. So that probably accounts for the Stribild share number. We think, of the switches to Genvoya, about 10% of those switches so far have come from non-Gilead products. So we're pleased with the pace of switching, and we're pleased that we're also getting some incremental growth.
Paul R. Carter: Let me start by talking about Japan, Brian. We're not going to say what our assumption is around the tax outcome. I mean, I think I already said before, we understand the rules. It's pretty clear what the range is. And we're going to be somewhere in that range, and we're also not sure exactly the timing of that. But we've built an assumption into our guidance that we've given, and I can't really comment further on that at this point. Then on the gross-to-net, I mean, I think your question is, are we confident enough to walk away? And I think the answer is yes, we are. But we're hopeful that our close discussions with payers and the strength of our label and the strength of the – sorry, the relative strength of our label as compared to the competitors, and of course this enormous wealth of real-world data that we've got gives us a position where we sincerely hope the right thing is done for patients and patients get access to our medicines. So I think that's the way we think about it.
Paul R. Carter: But I think the good news, just to reemphasize, is that the payers across the United States are being very cognizant of this and thinking carefully. The full implications and not being dazzled by the headlines of a low WAC price.
Paul R. Carter: And on the EU volumes, we estimated that in – the EU, I should say, so the 28 countries of the EU where the product's been launched so far in 2015, around about 140,000 patients in total were treated. We have a slightly lower market share in Europe than we do in the U.S., and that's because of payer-type arrangements that our competitor have got in place. The range of market shares ranges from 70% to 90%, but I would say the average would be about 80%, of that 140,000. All of the main countries, the big countries in Europe, have now gone through their sort of warehoused point of the launch trajectory or the patient flow and are getting into more stable patient flows, but are growing. So I think that's my main point. We anticipate higher numbers of patients in 2016 over 2015. Countries like the UK really didn't treat very many patients at all so far, but they are now beginning to ramp up. And then some of the smaller countries – Netherlands, Austria – are beginning to grow patient numbers. Having said that, I also mentioned earlier price-volume agreements. These are set up to try and encourage more patients being treated. But obviously, the flip side to those arrangements is that the price per patient comes down and there's better value to treat more patients. The other thing, I think, is the real-world data with eight weeks of Harvoni treatment. It looks stronger and stronger and is more convincing to European payers. And therefore, they will also use that opportunity to try and treat more patients, but of course, at a lower revenue per patient.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, so maybe I could answer the first few questions. So we were very excited about filgotinib because of the clinical profile. As you know, they have now data. Galapagos has generated data in RA and also Crohn's. Both of those have very remarkable efficacy. And also importantly, we think that filgotinib can be distinguished from competitors because of its safety profile, in particular the lack of hemoglobin decreases and very low infection rates. The other thing you asked about, the dose, that still needs to be negotiated with the FDA. We actually have a meeting coming up in the next couple of months where we will talk about, in detail, the Phase 3 program design, including the doses. So it's really, at this point, too early to say what the dose will be.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: I would like to reiterate what Robin said in her script. If you look back at the last six years, it has been remarkable. We have done many, many deals – CGI, Arresto, Calistoga, Pharmasset, Galapagos – and yet, we were able to return 70% out of free cash flow to shareholders. So I think that is a good way to think about the future, to in-license through collaborative efforts while at the same time returning money to shareholders.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: And Ying, I may want to add that there's the CDC recommendation about general diagnosis. We have a number of projects in a number of American cities to look at subpopulations that we test, and we demonstrate that you can actually have fairly high diagnosis rates up, to 20% in some of these populations. And I think as people become aware of these things, I think the diagnosis will increase. That's our belief.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: Yeah, so, Brian, as I said before, we believe filgotinib by itself, if you compare it with other JAK inhibitors, is a very valuable franchise. It has a good efficacy, and it could have safety advantages. And I'm saying it could have because I'm making cross-study comparisons, so until we do a large Phase 3 program, we don't really know that for certain. But then as you pointed out, where we have to work fairly quickly want to go with filgotinib is in combination therapy. We believe that in inflammatory bowel disease and also RA, there's a huge unmet need still. If you look at some of the ACR20 responses, they're up to 80% but ACR70s are only in the teens or 20% at most. So that means there's a huge improvement left to be done, and that, we believe, could be done with combination therapies. We're going to go ahead and combine our JAK inhibitor with our MMP9. That's going to be the first thing. And afterwards also possibly with the SYK compounds and the BTK inhibitors. That's where we think we could have a big impact on the future of the treatment of inflammatory conditions.
Norbert W. Bischofberger: And, Brian, other than the costs of drug, you should also consider of course the cost of treatment. There is a genotype required for genotype 1a, the resistance test will cost about $700, and incurs some time delay. There's tests for ALTs at eight weeks and at 12 weeks if you have to dose for 16 weeks. And also, it's possible that – well, a fairly significant number of the genotype 1a patients, and you know those are 50% in U.S., they will require 16 weeks with ribavirin. So that's not – it's more than – it increases the treatment cost proportionally compared to 12 weeks or eight weeks in our case with Harvoni.
John F. Milligan: Matt, this is John Milligan. I assume the question's for me, not the congratulatory one to John Martin.
John F. Milligan: So whoever will take it. Well, I'll take it; I'd be happy to. So It's a really good question. So you're right, we've faced an extraordinary time when we've been able to triple revenue over the last couple of years, which is a very unusual thing for an organization to be able to do. And we're moving our pipeline along as fast as we can. And as we mentioned, there are some very interesting opportunities for us. So we do see very good opportunities in organic growth. I have great confidence in the HIV portfolio that with the three STRs we talked about on the call today and the other STR being developed by our partner, Janssen, that we'll have a very meaningful, continued growth of both patients and revenues in the future in HIV; I think that's a very important thing for us. We're continuing to accelerate HCV to bring sof/velpatasvir to market and try to work in more countries than we ever have before. So those are important initiatives on things that are current to market. We're very excited about filgotinib. I think there's great opportunities for us in inflammatory diseases. We haven't spoken about it very much about it in the past, and sort of quietly we've been investigating our MMP9 antibody, 5745, which we didn't talk about on this call, which now has positive data in three of the four indications we've looked at in inflammatory diseases, with a fourth under investigation. And so not only do we have filgotinib potentially for RA and inflammatory diseases, but we have an antibody which has a mechanism, which is very refractory to current care. It could be a good beginning to an inflammatory disease franchise. Of course, you mentioned the kinase inhibitors that we have for oncology. There's always the potential that those could be useful in various diseases in combination with filgotinib as well and we will explore that, although I still think the vast value of it is the fact that it's a very good-looking drug and some very positive data in Crohn's disease. So we are going down the pathway of inflammatory diseases by virtue of the successes we've had in our pipeline and successes in licensing. In oncology, Zydelig has been a good start for us. We really need to continue to try to ramp up our efforts in this area and to continue to broaden the areas we want to work in. It's pretty clear we have to do additional partnerships or find other avenues to broaden the revenue stream there for the future. And as Robin mentioned, with our balance sheet, we have the great flexibility of doing partnerships or acquisitions that could get us there. And so that would be an important consideration for us. That may not be the only avenue. We'd also look at other areas where we could bring in different programs, potentially accelerating to revenue as soon as possible in some of those areas when those things are available. And I'd say the environment has shifted dramatically in our favor for doing those sorts of partnerships and whatnot. So that's a good – 2016, I believe, will be a good year for us, because of the strengths of the underlying business and the economic uncertainty that's driving the market today.
John F. Milligan: Michael, it's John Milligan. First of all, thank you for the congratulations. Second of all, unfortunately, we can't tell you about revenue growth beyond – we have a lot of opportunities, but obviously we don't give 2017 or beyond guidance. In this business, you almost have to take things one year at a time, especially in hepatitis C as we understand the rate of diagnosis and patients coming into care, which is – there's great opportunity out there with a 1.5 million patients, as Paul mentioned, still being diagnosed but not yet under care. So really good opportunities for us. With regard to the competition coming to market, we have a very, very strong position. But I'm going to turn this over to Paul because he'd like to give you some of his thoughts on what the competitive landscape looks like versus Harvoni.
John F. Milligan: So I mean, it's pretty clear we've done some great things in HIV and HCV, but for the company to grow, we have to work in other areas. That doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to work in hepatitis B, which is important to us, and there is the potential to cure that disease. We all recognize that is a hard thing to do, as well as curing HIV, which is an equally or harder thing to do, perhaps. So that does imply that we have to go outside of antivirals for continued growth, and we're interested in doing that as we've been hiring and growing with new things in our portfolio over a number of years. And I think I have some good core teams that can help us grow into those areas. And so the answer is yeah, we're very interested in acquiring assets through partnerships or potentially acquisition that could help us grow in those areas. And with the tripling of our revenue over the last few years, the need to do so sooner rather than later is heightened. That being said, we want to get the right assets at the right price. And so we have the flexibility certainly with our balance sheet, in the current business, to be patient to get things – to not be forced into doing something before we want to. And so we are looking in the area of oncology. We are looking at additional things in inflammatory diseases and things that are adjacent to there, to see what opportunities might fit within our portfolio, so that we can create a really strong franchise like we have in HIV and HCV with multiple options for success in those areas. Some of it will depend on what happens in our portfolio this year as we make progress with our MMP9 antibody or not. Obviously we're looking heavily in NASH with the FXR agonist. We're very interested in liver diseases, so that's a very important area for us, and we'll continue to try to bolster those to make sure that the company has the assets necessary to have the progress for the future. Is there a shopping list? There's always a list that you have in your mind or sometimes on paper. That's probably dangerous, so mine's in my mind, in which I think about things that would be important for us or things that could have the right opportunity at the right price. Whether or not those things ever come to fruition depends on a lot of factors. But clearly we're going to be very interested in taking a look this year.
John F. Milligan: I think that's a hard thing to get at. We still see about 30,000 patients coming into care every month. So that's been an interesting metric for us, because more patients are coming into care than are being treated. We don't know how many are newly diagnosed and how many are coming out of the bucket of diagnosed patients. But it is interesting to note that our most recent data still suggests there's about 1.5 million patients diagnosed in America, which means that – and that was about 1.6 million when we launched Sovaldi. So that implies that there has been a refilling of that bucket, a replenishment, if you will. I don't know if buckets are the right way to think of it, but in this category of patient, as more patients are being diagnosed and working their way through the system. So we don't have a firm handle on the exact numbers, so that's the closest approximation I can give you. But it does suggest that there's a pretty good flow of patients who are now becoming aware and coming in to at least be diagnosed. We don't know the characterization of those patients. There was an earlier question about whether those are patients eligible for treatment, since many of the Medicaids are not treating many patients, and that's something we're trying to figure out right now.
