Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had an outstanding quarter, achieving record revenue of $4.82 billion, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $2.82, and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.91. Our results demonstrate strong demand across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud with particular strength in Digital Media ARR. Adobe's mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences is more critical than ever as digital continues to rapidly transform work, life and play. Our groundbreaking innovations, including the new Adobe Express, the launch of Firefly, our family of creative generative AI models, co-pilot functionality in our creative applications, including Photoshop and Illustrator, AI-powered advancements in Acrobat; a new product analytics solution and the latest capabilities in real-time CDP are empowering an ever-expanding customer base to imagine, create and deliver standout content and experiences. We're executing against our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses. Every disruptive technology has presented exciting opportunities for Adobe to innovate and increase our addressable market opportunity. This has been true for cloud computing, mobile and AI. We have delivered hundreds of AI innovations through Adobe Sensei such as Neural Filters in Photoshop, Liquid Mode in Acrobat and Customer AI in Adobe Experience Platform. Our ongoing R&D investments have enabled a rapid development and deployment of Firefly, our generative AI technology. We believe generative AI will drive both further accessibility and adoption of our products. Our generative AI strategy focuses on data, models and interfaces. Our rich data sets across creativity, documents and customer experiences, enable us to train models on the highest quality assets. We will build foundation models in the categories where we have deep domain expertise, including imaging, vector, video, documents and marketing. We are bringing generative AI to life as a copilot across our incredible array of interfaces to deliver magic and productivity gains for a broader set of customers. Since its launch in March, Firefly has captured the imagination of the world with over 0.5 billion generations and we're just getting started. Our digital experience business is powering personalized customer engagement for companies around the world, enabling them to drive experience-led growth. We're delivering an innovative product road map and integrating Sensei gen AI services across Experience Cloud. Last week, we hosted a successful EMEA Summit with tremendous excitement from thousands of customers and partners reinforcing that digital is a critical imperative across industries. Adobe's category leadership and mission-critical products will continue to drive our growth. For FY '23, we now expect Creative Cloud and Document Cloud to end the year ahead of our previously issued revenue and ARR targets and Digital Experience to be slightly below our previous annual target given the current enterprise spend environment. As a result of our groundbreaking innovation and continued execution, we are pleased to raise total Adobe annual revenue and EPS targets. David, over to you.
Shantanu Narayen: And Saket, maybe if I were to add two things to that. First, I think on the consumer side, with the new Express, if you can imagine it, you can do it. And so I think it's really powerful. And within an enterprise, much like Acrobat, we want every enterprise employee to now have a combination of both Acrobat and Express.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe just given how much excitement we have around this, Kirk, three quick things. The first is it really allows for us to, within a company, have every marketer participate in the production and delivery of content. And so agility for an enterprise is great. Second thing maybe I'll add to what both Anil and David said. We can now create custom models. So think of it if you're a company like Coke or a company like Disney and you want to create these campaigns where you want to try out different things. The Firefly model can be customized for them. And that in conjunction with what we have with Express and AEM, really allows it to be tailored for that particular company. I also wanted to just clarify that, that entire go-to-market is completely aligned already within the company. And so we have one enterprise sales force calling on them across Express, Creative Cloud as well as Experience Cloud solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: And Mark, I just wanted to add, in addition to all of that great work that we're doing on saving costs, I'm more excited about the top line growth that this is going to cause for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Matt, maybe I'll take that. It's actually been off the chart the interest. We just had our Summit in London, following the successful launch that we had here where customers even in the U.S. were asking us questions. And I would say there are around three areas. All of them had perhaps experimented with other solutions. The moment Adobe came in and said this is both safe and designed for commercially safe as well as we can create the custom models, I think the interest associated with that has been off the charts. We've already created some custom models where we tweak our core model with assets that people can provide us. And that's also a secret sauce that we're unlocking and the integration of that within each of our products. So frankly, the product is not yet available, but the number of customers who want to sign on in terms of wanting to use it has been one of the most successful launches that we've had. And when I say the product is not ready, all I'm saying is it's not generally available. It's certainly available for them to put through their paces within the company.
Shantanu Narayen: A couple of points, Jay, and then certainly, Anil can add to it. First, I think, we are good user case for what's happening. The reality is that with what David talked about as it relates to product-led growth, what the content supply chain really allows us to do is start with a marketing brief that we're putting within workflow, start to create the campaigns, have AEM and our asset management solution be the place where all of these assets are and then deliver them through campaign as well as deliver them through the Adobe Experience Manager on the website. So I think the interest associated with this is all about trying to say all of the content that we are creating, how do we both make that more efficient as well as understand how we can both globalize, which has been a big driver of why people want this content supply chain. The traditional agencies, I think Anil referred to this. They all have not only, I think, procured our solution for their internal usage but they're also collectively taking this solution to joint customers. So I think it actually just really beautifully aligns within Anil's enterprise sales motion, how we can go with everything from workflow, which actually had a great quarter, so we continue to see good growth in workflow. So I think it aligns all of our offerings. And there isn't one customer that doesn't want. That's partly because of all the additional cost and scrutiny on what the expenses are right now.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think, for us, the entire generative AI really is all three layers that we talked about. And if you think about our generative AI strategy, it really first starts with do we have unique data that we can use on behalf of our customers for customers. And clearly, both in the creative in the document space with PDF as well as in the marketing space, the amount of data that we have is a key differentiator because that is going to dictate the models when you want to design this to be commercially safe. I think the second thing that we're really focused on is in the domains where we have incredible expertise, whether you consider it imaging or vector or documents or marketing, we are creating our own foundational models. And so when you create the foundation models, you really understand how that works, you understand how you can take it to an enterprise and create a custom model for that. But I think the real differentiator for Adobe continues to be, how does a user get value? And I think it's in the ubiquitous interfaces that we have, whether that's on the marketing side, everything where people are trying to create these campaigns or automate production or create a website or create a mobile app, similarly in documents, which we haven't touched on as much today, how they get the synthesis of the PDF, how they understand the structure of the PDF. And clearly, in creative that we've seen, both with Generative Recolor and Adobe Illustrator as well as Generative Fill in Photoshop. As long as we have the interfaces that delight customers and where all this magic comes to life, that's really, I would say, Adobe is differentiated. And you've seen that. It's not like there weren't other imaging models out there. The fact that we've captured the imagination of the community is a result of how all three of these layers really work well for Adobe better than anybody else.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brent, if I understood the question right, I mean, the interest within the DX customer base for what we are doing on Creative Cloud, if you look at both Summits, the interest associated with how these clouds and offerings are working together is actually one of the catalysts that I think will help both the Digital Media as well as the Digital Experience business. So you're right. I mean, we are finding that every customer is saying, this is the way for us to really go all the way from when we start to create a campaign all the way to the delivery and understanding the analytics associated with that. And I think the enterprise team has really aligned around this joint selling, and we've created a bill of materials where you can actually have both the Digital Experience as well as the Creative Cloud offerings in it. And I think that's what you're going to see. In the second half, we're going to have a lot more of these combined sales that happen with every enterprise because it helps, as we've been saying, with both the top line and the bottom line. And since it was the last question, I mean, let me end by saying it was a great first half. We appreciate all the comments that you have made about the quarter. And I wanted to thank the Adobe team for real great execution as well as, again, congratulate in particular, the Acrobat team for 30 years of amazing innovation. What I'm most proud of is, if you look at just the last few months in terms of what the company has delivered across Firefly and Generative Fill and Generative Recoloring, what's happening with Acrobat across the web, in Digital Experience, the Adobe mix model, product analytics, what we are doing around content supply chain, the new offerings that are coming for an increasing set of customers that will serve real customer problems I think really all goes well for how we will continue to drive innovation and serve customers as well. So I'm really excited about the second half as well as what we're going to continue to do in terms of delivering top line and bottom line growth. And with that, I'll hand it over to Jonathan.
Anil Chakravarthy: Thanks, David. Hello, everyone. In Q2, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.22 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.07 billion, representing 14% year-over-year growth. Customer interest in the digital experience category remains high. Last week, we were excited to spend time with thousands of customers and partners at EMEA Summit. Businesses of all sizes and industries around the world are increasingly relying on digital channels to engage customers and deliver experience-led growth and they are turning to Adobe as their trusted partner on that journey. Adobe Experience Cloud offers the most comprehensive set of solutions for content and commerce, data insights and audiences, customer journeys and marketing workflows. Built natively on Adobe Experience platform, our real-time customer data platform provides businesses with a single view of their customers' data across every channel. Real-time CDP now delivers over 600 billion predictive insights each year, and customers are creating over 30 trillion audience segments every day. Experience Cloud is now used by 87% of Fortune 100 companies. For example, Prudential Financial uses our cross-cloud offerings to power its end-to-end customer experience management workflows from creating high-impact content with Creative Cloud and Express to delivering personalized customer experiences at scale with Adobe Experience Platform. In addition, Prada is using real-time CDP and Journey optimizer to connect digital and in-store customer experiences in real time while reimagining shopping experiences using Substance 3D. Our vision for Experience Cloud is to deliver personalized experiences at scale, and the power of generative AI accelerates our ability to do that. We are delivering Sensei gen AI innovations to reimagine the work marketers do and how they do it. With Sensei gen AI as their copilot, marketers can generate audiences with high position and design tailored customer journeys for these audiences. They can activate personalized campaigns for their audiences with on-brand visual content created with Adobe Express and Firefly and compelling offers generated by Experience Cloud applications, leveraging real-time customer profiles in AEP. Conversation in natural language interfaces powered by Sensei gen AI will make it significantly easier for any marketer to derive insights from customer journey analytics and apply these insights in real time to optimize their campaigns. These are just a few of the transformational innovations that Sensei gen AI is bringing to Experience Cloud. Business and innovation highlights include strong demand for Adobe Experience platform and native applications with our book of business now exceeding $500 million. This quarter, we unveiled new capabilities in real-time CDP that will enable brands to scale first-party data with look-alike audiences, significantly accelerating the delivery of personalized experiences. Realtime CDP is used by global brands across industries, including DICK'S Sporting Goods, General Motors, Henkel, Major League Baseball, ServiceNow and TSP Bank; the launch of Adobe Product Analytics, which combines customer journey insights with product analytics to drive a new level of product-led growth; a comprehensive content supply chain solution that connects content creation and delivery across Experience Cloud and Creative Cloud to help enterprises effectively manage their content demands. We're working with partners, including Accenture, IBM, Omnicom and Publicis to scale the delivery of content supply chain to our joint customers. Strong demand for Workfront as it rapidly becomes a solution of choice for teams to plan, orchestrate and launch personalized campaigns at scale. Global availability of Adobe Mix Modeler to provide marketers with an AI-powered, self-service solution to accurately measure campaigns across paid, owned and earned channels. New AI innovations in Adobe Experience Manager, that provide real-time content performance data and predictions on which content will perform best by audience segment. Leadership in industry analyst reports, including the IDC Marketscape for retail commerce platforms and a positive rating in Gartner's annual assessment of Adobe's enterprise strategy. Key customer wins, including DSV, ICICI Bank, JPMorgan, Kroger, Omnicom, Royal Canin, ServiceNow, T-Mobile and Volkswagen. While overall demand is strong and win rates remain healthy, as we enter the second half, we are seeing some projects being pushed out in the current enterprise spend environment, which we have reflected in our updated annual targets. In a world where digital has become the predominant channel to reach and engage customers, Adobe is uniquely positioned to keep winning with innovative products that power end-to-end customer experiences and enable enterprises to simultaneously drive growth and profitability. I'll now pass it to Dan.
Anil Chakravarthy: Just picking up on what you said. I think if you look at Express and Firefly and also the Sensei gen AI services that we announced for Digital Experience, comes at a time when marketing is going through a big shift from sort of mass marketing to personalized marketing at scale. And for the personalization at scale, everything has to be personalized, whether it's content or audiences, customer journeys. And that's the unique advantage we have. We have the data within the Adobe experience platform with the real-time customer profiles. We then have the models that we're working with like Firefly. And then we have the interfaces through the apps like Adobe Campaign, Adobe Experience Manager and so on. So we can put all of that together in a manner that's really consistent with the data governance that customers expect that their data is used only in their context and use that to do personalized marketing at scale. So it really fits very well together.
Anil Chakravarthy: Yes. We are just so uniquely differentiated across the Creative Cloud and Experience Cloud. And in terms of getting this implemented for customers, as you mentioned, we have now partnerships with Accenture, with IBM, with Omnicom, with Publicis. And all of them are working very closely with us, with our field teams to make sure that the content supply chain gets implemented for every customer across different verticals and geographies, specifically for their needs.
David Wadhwani: Sure. Happy to talk about that. We're really excited, if you can't tell on the call, about the Firefly and what this represents. The early customer and community response has been absolutely exhilarating for all of us. You heard us talk about over 0.5 billion assets that have already been generated. Generations from Photoshop were 80x higher than we had originally projected going into the beta. And obviously, we feel really good about both the quality of the content being created and also the ability to scale the product to support that. And we have seen incredible social buzz. The Photoshop community is doing what it always does and is using the product, both Firefly and Photoshop, in ways that we didn't even think of when we were initially building the feature set. So it's great to see all this organic development and buzz coming up. And as we talked about, we're also excited about what this means from a business opportunity perspective. On the retention side, we think the value that we add in the flagship applications are going to be great for existing users. In terms of top of funnel, we think that this helps us reach billions of new users because it makes the act of creating more accessible with regard to conversion. We are very excited about what this can mean for new user onboarding, both Photoshop and Illustrator and also in Express that makes the onboarding of new customers especially early success far more achievable for them. It introduces new offers with adobe.com/firefly as a destination that we can monetize and everything that we talked about at Summit last week around what this can be as an enterprise-grade offering. And of course, with all of this, we have an opportunity to sell subscription credit packs for upsell opportunities. So if you net all that out, we see an ARPU opportunity. We see a net number of users opportunity, and also because of retention, an LTV opportunity. Now we expect all of this to play out over many years. We're very focused right now on user acquisition. None of this, we expect to impact our Q3 numbers. And we'll start to see some of it in Q4 but we don't expect it to be material. But as I mentioned, we expect to see it ramp over the next few years. And we'll share more specifics of this in the months ahead.
David Wadhwani: Yes. Very excited on both fronts. As you may have seen, we had a beta release of Express last week and this is a massive update to Express. In fact, it's a brand-new product effectively built from the ground up, and we believe this is the product for everyone to use. The response has been absolutely incredible. Broad-based feedback has been overwhelmingly positive, as you mentioned, because of the integration of Firefly, but also how Firefly is able to integrate directly into the user flows and the user journeys for utilization and generation of video content, also for PDF integrations so people are able to bring in and build end-to-end workflows to generate amazing marketing collateral with PDF. We've seen CC users, existing subscribers for CC very excited about the workflows that we've introduced with both Illustrator and Photoshop. Illustrator users are able to take their illustrator output, bring it into Express, add animation and push it out to social. Photoshop users are taking their corpus of Photoshop templates, and they're making that the foundation for easy editing and sharing for their marketing organizations. And that's really been sort of an incredible vote of confidence from everyone that we've seen using the beta, which has also driven the announcements we had last week, specifically around Express and Firefly package together for enterprises. And the interest that we've seen coming out of the announcement in terms of enterprise interest and pipeline generation associated with that has been terrific. And what we're particularly excited about that is it brings our clouds together. So Creative pros are able to create in Photoshop and Illustrator and our other flagship applications. Marketers are able to take that content and edit it more quickly in Express. Both of these are orchestrated through Workfront and Frame.io and they're pushed into AM. So really a core part of our content supply chain. It really feels like an inflection point for Express as well.
David Wadhwani: Sure. I'll say a few words and then hand it off to Anil as well. So as we've talked about, Firefly, from the beginning, has a few core principles. The first is the quality of output, right? So text. We have capability of text imaging, text-to-text effect. We have vectors in there now. We're working on video design, 3D generation as well. So we have a series of all this incredible content that we think will be a cornerstone of everything needed for enterprise content velocity. The second thing is that we're building it in a way that we can integrate into existing workflows. We've already started to announce integrations into Photoshop and Illustrator and Express. You'll also start to see us continue those integration points, but you'll also start to see us integrate it more directly into the Digital Experience workflows as well. Third is that and perhaps most importantly, we've also been able to because of the way we share and are transparent about where we get our content, we can tell customers that their content generated with Firefly is commercially safe for use. Copyrights are not being violated. Diversity and inclusion is front and center. Harmful imagery is not being generated. So we're able to give them that confidence. And also, as part of our enterprise plans, give them indemnification for the content that's being created. So those things, I think, fundamentally help them engage that.
David Wadhwani: Sure. Yes, first of all, thanks for the question. Yes, we feel like we're off to a great start for the first half of the year. And as we look at it, the strength was very broad-based. Traffic to adobe.com and top of funnel was strong, frankly, all quarter long. And it's clear that our messaging is resonating well with a broader and broader set of audiences that we can reach. Second, we saw a strong conversion. Our product-led growth investments that we've been making for some time now are starting to pay dividends. Adobe.com is an area we've focused for a long time. We continue to see improvements in terms of customer journey work and conversion. And we've more recently been investing much more significantly in product-led growth motions in our core flagship applications like Photoshop and Acrobat as well. And we've been leveraging a lot of Anil's Digital Experience products that allow us to do personalization at scale in terms of in-product experiences there. And then lastly, it feels like we've really started to see some good inflection in our mobile applications, in particular, Acrobat on mobile and Lightroom mobile performed very well this quarter as well. In addition to that, as Dan mentioned in his opening comments, the emerging products like Substance and Frame continue to grow very nicely and really sort of slipstream into the content supply chain conversation that we're having with enterprise customers. And frankly, enterprise demand for content creation continues to grow. Anil said last week at EMEA Summit that our customers are expecting it to grow 5x in terms of content creation over the next few years. We continue to see more pull for creative apps. And also, we're starting to see enterprises invest much more in Acrobat penetration into their accounts. So they really want more people to have Acrobat from Adobe. So that's just to name a few things. Things are shaping up great for the year, and we're very excited about the direction of the business.
David Wadhwani: Yes. And just I'll add a little bit on to that because we've been working very closely between our engineering organization and the finance organization on a number of levers to make sure that we're managing and keeping discipline and cost front of mind. The first is the model training itself. There are a number of things the team has been doing to optimize our ability to train larger models more efficiently. The second is post training inference optimization. There's a lot of, I think, cutting-edge work coming out here, both in terms of research and the work we're doing around things like pruning and distillation and quantization that make the inference execution much more efficient. Third is, as we've talked about in the past, we're working with folks like NVIDIA to make sure that the hardware and software advances go hand in glove, and we're leveraging more and more compute pathways that are on the chip itself. Four is user experience, making sure that as we expose these things to users, we do it in a way that drives more efficiency in the back end. And of course, the big unlock longer term is about hybrid generative approaches. So how do we move more of this computing to the desktop as well, that will be a major cost benefit down the road. But it's a significant effort and a lot of work to do, and we take it very seriously.
David Wadhwani: Yes. Maybe I'll talk about the Acrobat business and we can get to Q4 after that. So first of all, yes, another great quarter. It was great to see ARR growing 23%. And a lot of this is the basics of PDF demand, right? We've seen this incredible tailwind with demand for PDF continuing to grow. PDF has become the de facto standard for unstructured data. And PDF-related searches continue to grow. And this as Shantanu mentioned, and I mentioned in the prepared remarks, 30 years after PDF had launched. So it's amazing to see how things are going. We've been investing very heavily in expanding our top of funnel. We have Acrobat Web that's been driving a lot of new users. We've seen good growth directly to Acrobat Web. Acrobat Mobile has also been a source of new opportunity for us. We talked about our extensions in Chrome and Edge. And also we've mentioned in the past, our partnership with Microsoft to really make Acrobat the foundation or PDF and Reader, the foundation of all documents viewed in Edge as well. So that creates an enormous top of funnel for us, and we continue to sort of broaden that. In addition to that, we've been adding more value directly into the products with a proliferation of signatures and collaboration capabilities. And all of that, combined with our product-led growth motion, is driving strong conversion. So we feel really good about the foundation of that business.
David Wadhwani: Great. I'll start with the second, and we can go to the first after that. So Brent, if you take a look at Adobe's history, this is what we do, right? If you look at desktop publishing, if you look at creative imaging, if you look at video editing, the result of Adobe's focus here is always about increasing productivity, increasing the importance of these new workflows, and that has always led to an increase in jobs. Let's take video editing as an example, right? We lowered the cost of production in video significantly with our work with Premier and After Effects in Audition. And what that did was it increased the ability for people to create more content. So they didn't create the same amount of content with fewer people. What they did was they found new business opportunities. They created more niche content that led to video streaming and personalization, and that created an explosion in the industry around video production. That's what we do. And we're sitting at a moment where companies are telling us that there's a 5x increase in content production coming out in the next couple of years. And you see a host of new media types coming out. And we see the opportunity here for both seat expansion as a result of this. And also because of the value we're adding into our products themselves, increase in ARPU as well. Now beyond all of this, in terms of professional video and professional content creation, I should say, there's also a massive opportunity because this catalyzes our ability much more effectively to go after the billions of creators around the world who need things like this to be creative. So we're going to help them also create standout content. So again, I take a step back and I say, we have an opportunity to get more people into the franchise. We have the ability to drive more ARPU through our products. And we have the ability to make people more successful and drive more LTV. So the foundation, I think, is very strong.
