Shantanu Narayen: I think overall in terms of the subscriptions, we saw strength across all of the offerings. Certainly, I think as we innovate, we’re distancing our Creative Cloud offering from the Creative Suite offering. So we’re seeing good migration of existing customers. I would say Q4 was also characterized by international adoption accelerating in countries like Japan and Germany. Hobbyist and consumer customers are adopting the photography plan and education also continues to grow. And I think all of those contributed to a seasonally strong Q4. I think as you look at the individual versus complete, we've always maintained that individual is a good new way to attract customers to our platform and whether we move them from individual to compete or to we add stock, those are ways in which we are increasing the ARPU. And so across all of them we continue to execute well.
Shantanu Narayen: From how we present that to our customers, the two real opportunities for us is to both take existing Creative Cloud subscribers and offer them an upsell to the Creative Cloud plus the stock subscription and in addition to that for new customers to have opportunity to both get that applications, as well as stock. And we offer both of those today, both of them are doing well. I think Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks that we accomplish the goals that we set for Adobe Stock for ourselves in fiscal ‘15 and certainly we expect to see it accelerated in ‘16. We’re not breaking it out because it's part of the annualized recurring revenue as well as the revenue that we report in Creative but so far so good. We've also added on the product side, two things we've added, video files right now which I think is going to be important and with the November release of the Creative Suite products we’ve added integration so that the workflow for the content creative professionals is now improved and enhanced.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Sterling, as it relates to what we did specifically in Q4, I won’t highlight anything that was unusual or different from what we've been doing since the introduction of the Creative Cloud. We’re constantly finding ways to incent people to move from Creative Suite to Creative Cloud or new customers. And as you know, we look very closely at retention, as well as how they migrate off any promotional pricing that we might do as they finished the first year. So I would say nothing unusual and I think just executing on all cylinders.
Shantanu Narayen: Kash, I'm not sure we have a specific goal that we outline. We certainly think that as we’ve said over 85% of both the buyers and sellers are Creative customers. And so you know, we would like to see all of them when they have inspiration and want to use stock for photography or videos, to use our stock service. And conversely it's a great marketplace for them to monetize their creative assets. So we continue to think there is significant upside there.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So multiple questions there Kirk. Let me address the last one first, which is partners are playing increasingly important role in large number of the implementations. I think what we are certainly seeing as it relates to the multi-solutions is digital disruption as this conversation that's happening in every single boardroom and the awareness and the recognition that the customer journey and digital experience is fundamental to making that transformation, we hear that everywhere we go. And so I think marketing departments, CIOs, Chief Revenue Officers are recognizing that a platform is essential to helping with this particular transformation. So I think what's fueling our business is that the importance of digital transformation is now a Board level discussion rather than just a practitioner. With respect to the systems integrators and the digital agencies, up all of them have been great partners to us. I think today's announcement with Accenture just highlights how we can even further accelerate in the U.S. what we're doing in healthcare, as well as in financial services with them. To your other question about competitive dynamics that are happening in the marketplace, we clearly have the most comprehensive integrated offering. I don't think that's in question. There are a number of players who are offering point solutions and we recognize much like we did on the creative business that we have to deliver best-of-breed but we have to integrate it better than ever before. Products like audience manager are starting to really take traction and I think that reflects the growing importance of how customer segmentation is important across our solutions. So we have a number of point product competitors. We have a number of the large enterprise vendors who also look at marketing as an opportunity. I would say for the most part our offering is clearly differentiated and the distinction between us and others as we keep innovating should continue to increase. So it's been a healthy and positive.
Shantanu Narayen: And just to clarify, Ross, when Mark says that, perpetual was low, it did change to ratable rather than…
Shantanu Narayen: … especially when you consider it FX adjusted for constant, we saw both quarterly and annual growth rates greater than 35%, so stronger bookings.
Shantanu Narayen: It’s the later, Ross, and it’s not the former. Again, as we introduced new subscriptions that will target mobile or education as we said and as we are looking to attract tens of millions of subscribers, we don't necessarily foresee decline in year-over-year growth in subscriptions.
Shantanu Narayen: I think the two things I’d highlight Brent is first, adoption of the entire Marketing Cloud, as well as some of the Core Services. So, I would say, Audience Manager is seeing good strength. Audience Manager, again, just to clarify like a Data Management Platforms, as well as the ability for people to use the same customer segments across each of our products. So we are seeing good growth in Audience Manager. The two are large components of the Marketing Cloud analytics, as well as Experience Manager continue to power along. Made some good progress with Campaign, Campaign growth has been really good to see. And last but certainly not least, I would say Primetime. I think with video being explosive category. We haven’t touched on that as much. But TV Everywhere and digital consumptions of videos increasing and so I think we’re continuing to see some good progress in video. But there is a clear requirement on the part of our customers to say, does all this stuff work together and I think that is only playing to our strength as well our brand. So across the Board we continue to see good strength.
Shantanu Narayen: Samad, I mean, when we look at what's happening with the business in Asia-Pacific. Certainly both Japan, we continue to see good adoption of the Creative Cloud and the rest of Asia-Pacific had a very strong Digital Marketing growth as well. I mean, we see more adoption of that. In Financial Services, Australia continues to perform well. And as it relates to Europe as well, I mean we are seeing good growth in Digital Marketing in both regions. We focused our Digital Marketing on a few geographies, so the U.K., Germany, Australia and Japan, I would highlight as the areas where we are focusing a lot of our Digital Marketing. But nothing stands out in terms of what's happening in those regions. All of them continued to show promise for both Creative Cloud, as well as Digital Marketing.
Shantanu Narayen: From our point of view, I think the focus that we have for the digital marketing business in the Marketing Cloud, in particular, is how can we enable people to have a great experience across mobile devices, tablets, and create that compelling web experience that people want. From our point of view, everything starts with the content platform and the data intelligence. The Data Management platform itself for us, it's a means to both how are you spending your advertising dollars and ensuring that you get the return of investment on that. And the advertising part is just a small portion of our overall marketing cloud revenue as well as our offering. So it's an important strategic part to enable people to understand who their customers are, the demographics, the profiles, so that they can effectively give them the offering that they need. But it should not be construed as a further increase into the advertising ecosystem even though that's a healthy business for us.
Shantanu Narayen: And Heather on your first question, first with respect to attribution clearly the versions of the Marketing Cloud have attribution. We’re continuing to enhance the attribution, so that we can not just do attribution at a individual spend level but we can also do it across both the entire Marketing Cloud as well as what's happening between online spend, display spend, service spend, social spend, and off-line spend. So we've been spending more of our research efforts to better enable marketers to understand the efficacy of their dollar spend. I think with respect to mobile, it’s actually driving everyone of our individual solution components. I think Mark alluded to something like 40 plus percent of the transactions that people now have are on mobile. And so if you think about it from the point of view of the content that’s being delivered to mobile devices, the video that's being consumed on mobile devices, the campaigns that require SMS or messaging, mobile is being just a huge tailwind for us across each of our solutions, in terms of the important for people to have new solutions. The advertising component again for us is represented in the media optimizer that business is showing growth. But it's not just the advertising part of mobile that's fueling our business. It's the consumption just as much.
Shantanu Narayen: I will take the first questions and the first question as it related to sort of the lag between U.S. markets and international markets. The way I would describe it is, Australia was the first place that we introduced it and so we've got tremendous experience through what we did in Australia and certainly, a lot of the focus that we have had has been in the U.S. The other non-speaking international markets, we consider them a year behind or year and half behind in some cases and catching up, because we put as -- we put a significant amount of our attention in the U.S. So nothing in those markets would lead us to believe that we won't see the same kind of success, but that may give you some sort of measure of where we are in the U.S. versus the rest of the world. We haven't yet really targeted and we've always talked about this being an opportunity, the emerging markets and having completely different pricing available there, because we continue to believe that there's so much opportunity and what we would say our markets where the propensity to both take subscriptions, as well as the network bandwidth is higher than in some of the other markets. So that continues to be on the roadmap.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. Sure, Jay. And certainly sub adds we would expect that we will continue to drive net new subscribers to Adobe. You're right it's been more like 30%. We would expect that to continue. That's how we are going to address these large new TAM opportunities that we outlined at Analyst Day. And in Digital Marketing, the margin on that business continues to improve, from a gross margin perspective. We fully expect that we can do better and better from a hosted gross margin perspective, as well as from a professional services perspective and I would expect that to continue.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think another way that you should be thinking about it is the customer in question may have the most immediate need of completely replacing their website. But what they decide to do because of the breadth of our offering, say, not only are we going to take the experience manager and analytics solution which is natural, but because all of the solutions work together, we’re actually going to go ahead and engage Adobe in the entire solution. But in terms of how they implement them, then they may implement them sequentially in order to make sure that they get the most benefit out of it and that it goes smoothly. So some of these are just their large complete replacements of the web infrastructure and the entire online presence. And from our point of view, they’re making a very strategic decision to go with Adobe for the entire platform and so we think that's good. And as Mark pointed out, the revenue starts to flow starting fiscal ‘16.
Shantanu Narayen: I think as it related to ARPU even this year, we did see in the commercial segment actually an ARPU increase. So certainly, the ARPU as it related to commercial increase, the ARPU as it related to the other services were relatively consistent and then when you look at it from a blended point of view, it was also relatively consistent. We definitely expect to see stock getting uptick in terms of the existing install base. At the same time, there are opportunities for us to attract a completely new set of customers whether they be in education, whether they be mobile only customers. And we would be crazy not to get them to our platform and drive future ARR and revenues. And so that’s the way we are looking at the business. I realize it’s easier to just do a p-time SKU but the truth is we don’t have just one single offering that allows you to take it. It’s the breadth of our offering that will actually enable us to be a more predictable and honestly drive future growth more than sticking to only the Creative Cloud enter single offering. So we’re pleased with way that’s going but hopefully that gives you some color into where we’re headed. Well, given that was the last question, I just wanted to say we feel like we had a fantastic finish to a great year. And more importantly, we enter fiscal ‘16 with significant momentum as well as an incredible opportunity for us to continue to innovate on behalf of our customers and grow. As I think about it for individuals, good design in Creative have never been more important. And I think with Creative Cloud, we’ve delivered a one-stop destination that delivers everything from inspiration all the way up to monetization. And for businesses, the digital disruption topic is absolutely dominating boardroom conversations. And we realized that a direct compelling digital experience is so critical to enabling this transformation and our lead in digital marketing solutions enables all of these customers to make the transition happen. And from our point of view when you combine these two opportunities, the power of creative content as well as data intelligence, we feel that’s going to continue to fuel our business and excellent execution by our employees helps us deliver the results that you saw. So thank you for joining us today and we look forward to the next call.
Mark Garrett: Well, first, thanks Kash for you comments. Clearly, our long-term goal is to attract tens of millions of customers to the vision of Creative Cloud and drive both higher ARR and revenue. It's been important to us through this entire transition to make sure we give you metrics to understand the health of the business. And as we keep stating, we believe that as we are going to introduce new subscriptions whether it's mobile only subscriptions or education subscriptions to attract new customers to the platform, ARR continues to be the most important metric of the health of the business, as well as revenue. And so certainly, if you look at our goals of tens of millions of subscribers, we continue to expect to see acceleration and subscription growth. But I think the more important metric and maybe to answer Sterling’s question as well in terms of how you think about 2016, I would look at the $1 billion of ARR that we’ve provided and look at the seasonal way in which it was added in FY ‘15. And I think that should be a good proxy for how you model FY ‘16.
Mark Garrett: Hey, Mark, it’s Mark. No. there is no change there at all. Deferred really is just growing as a result of ETLAs on the creative side and bookings on the digital marketing side, just as you would expect.
Mark Garrett: Yeah. Anyone that’s billed monthly wouldn't show up in deferred, right. So deferred is just things that have been billed but not yet recognized to revenue. And you also see this effect in the unbilled backlog that I talked about in the script as well.
Mark Garrett: Yeah. Sure. I'll answer both of those, Ross. So the mix was 52 complete and 48 point on Creative Cloud. And as it relates to digital marketing, what we would say is that as Shantanu mentioned, we're the leader in this category, we've had record revenue and record bookings in that space, AM and Analytics of the largest pieces of the business. And as you know, AM for a little while now has been going through this migration from perpetual to one of the Managed Services offering. In Q4, to put some numbers around it, in Q4 we had roughly $20 million of perpetual revenue. That was well below what we thought in that $365 million to $400 million range we’ve provided. So even though we were anticipating perpetual being less than it was a year ago, it came in well below the range that we had provided you. In ’16, the FY16 targets have less than $45 million in perpetual for the entire year. So we basically taken almost all of the perpetual revenue risk out of the targets for this very reason. So it should not be an issue going into next year. It’s out of the guidance for the most part and it's really the only reason we came in below that range we had provided for Q4.
Mark Garrett: And the last thing I'd add to that is, the quarterly growth, when you look at the quarterly growth next year on a quarter year-over-year basis, its going to vary under the 20%, over the 20% slightly each quarter based on how much perpetual was in the FY15 related quarter.
Mark Garrett: Yeah. That’s a fair question, Brent. No, churn has not been a problem, retention remains really high. We've done really well from that perspective. We’ve talked about the fact that as customers do larger deployments. It does take a little bit longer to get them up and running and that delays the revenue clock a little bit. It's not a huge material problem. In fact it’s a good thing, because they are doing larger deals with us. But nothing has changed from that perspective. It’s really…
Mark Garrett: Hi, Heather, it‘s Mark, I'll start. On the OpEx side, the bulk of the increase will show up in sales and marketing. I mean COGS is going to go up because it's variable with revenue especially in the digital marketing business. But across both businesses, if you want to go after these large new TAMs that we out line at Analyst Day, we’re going to need the sales and marketing dollars to do that. So that that's what's baked into the model for the next three years frankly and that's included in the guidance that we provided.
Mark Garrett: And if you look at the headcount, it’s pretty consistent with what I told Heather. The headcount adds in Q4 were primarily in sales and marketing. The headcount adds frankly across the entire year were primarily in sales and marketing, and it's really just to drive sales capacity in the sales organization quarter carrying sales capacity and to do marketing activities to address these larger TAMs that we talked about.
Mark Garrett: Well, we did for the first time give a cash flow guide from a CAGR perspective over ‘15 through ‘18 at Analyst Day. So as we get more and more predictable, I’ll look at whether we bring that in a bit tighter, but we did give a 25% cash flow CAGR through ’18.
Mark Garrett: Hey, Derrick. It’s Mark. Yeah. You're right. It's a big ARR guide and smaller revenue guide if you will. They do converge overtime and there are pieces in that segment that are perpetual that are telling off that we’ve talked about things like Lightroom, things like the hobbyist products, things like the interactive development, the monetization of our website. Those pieces of the business have been perpetually oriented and are definitely tailing off, and that's causing a little bit of a short-term slowdown on the revenue growth. But overtime they definitely converge ARR in revenue.
