Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Our vision at Adobe is to change the world through digital experiences. In Digital Media, we believe our upcoming CS and Creative Cloud releases will transform the creative process and create a new inflection point for revenue growth for the next several years. In Digital Marketing, we're building the foundation for a high-growth SaaS business with the most compelling value proposition in the industry. We continue to execute well against our objectives in this space, and the next few days, at our Digital Marketing Summit in Utah, will be another proof point that this business will positively impact our growth. Adobe is well positioned in these 2 large markets, and we are confident in our ability to execute against that strategy.  Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. So Brent, as it relates to CS6 and really the entire quarter, we did have solid earnings both in Acrobat as well as in the Digital Marketing. So as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, the demand that we saw in general across geographies was stable. We started to market the new release for CS and the Creative Cloud more aggressively in Q1. And frankly, that's a little earlier than in previous cycles because there were a number of inbound customer requests for features, both on desktop products as well as the information around the Creative Cloud. And we also did some survey in the demand, and it was clear that the demand for CS6 is more than in prior cycles. And that's what sort of led to this decline in revenue for CS5.5. And that was really in February. And so from our point of view, 5.5 accomplished its key objectives. We were trying to transition the business to an annual cycle. We extended the CS5 cycle so that it exceeded beyond CS3. And now, clearly, what customers are telling us is that they are exciting about CS6. So it's not a competitive issue, and it's really excitement around our new offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Walter, I -- when we said late in Q2, that is in line with the plan that we had set, so there's no issue with respect to the internal execution against that project. I would say it's probably a little bit later than you would have seen in prior releases. As we move to the annual cycle, we want to make sure that we get both the desktop products as well as the Creative Cloud offering available at the same time. So I would say it's a little later in the quarter than in prior cycles. As it relates to international releases, again, we are moving increasingly to a simultaneous release in the major geographies, which, in addition to the U.S., tend to be the U.K., Germany and Japan and France. So expect to see that. But again, as Mark said, most of the revenue, we'll actually start to see in Q3, and you will see some of it in Q2.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Walter, I think there, it had to do more with the traditional Enterprise sales cycles where you see a rise in Q4 as a result of everything we're building up. And then again, so there's the run rate business and the Enterprise business. Demand for Acrobat and Document Services continues to be stable. You traditionally see a big uptake in Q4 through the sales cycle and then you start again. So everything -- that's why we wanted to clarify it's in line with our expectations. As it relates to the Document Services itself, the EchoSign as well as the other online services, they're proceeding well. Not a material part but certainly significant growth year-over-year.
Shantanu Narayen: So Brad, as it relates to the CS offering, CS6 will really be the first time that we go to market on a global basis with an aggressive launch of subscriber metrics. So as we've said at our analyst meeting, we certainly expect to give you more data once the CS6 launches. Maybe I can speak a little bit to the comprehensive plan that we have to market the new release of Creative products and what you might expect. First, again, let me reiterate that we think the transition risk is really minimized as a result of offering perpetual with the subscription base. All the math that we have done shows that the more we convert the existing customer base over to a recurring revenue, we are able to grow the business. I think that individuals and specifically new users will be likely the early adopters for the subscription and Enterprise will probably stay longest with the current perpetual offering. And so we have offerings not just on adobe.com. You can expect to see us offer subscription also through the other online and e-tail stores in the market. And for Enterprise offers, specifically, we'll continue to offer Enterprise licensing agreements. So while all of this gets launched in Q2, we continue to think that we have a really comprehensive go-to-market to attract new customers and not introduce any risk in the business.
Shantanu Narayen: So again, at the analyst meeting, we had talked about how we can get new unit adoption. I think subscriber growth will be clearly one of the metrics that we are measuring internally. And the third one will be for customers who exist, what are the churn rates. So directionally, those are the 3. I think starting -- as the offering gets delivered, we'll certainly start to share more of that information with you, Brad.
Shantanu Narayen: I should just add, though, that what we have done is all of the OpEx changes that we were going to make to help us focus on Digital Marketing, those are all behind us. And so now, clearly, we've represented to the existing customers what we are doing with respect to both government and financial services. So plan's on track with respect to how we transition-focus within the company, Brad.
Shantanu Narayen: Steve, those are both good questions. Let me maybe again talk a little bit about what is coming in the next version so to set the stage for what we are going to do as it relates to pricing and what we are hearing from customers. The first thing is clearly, with Imaging and Photoshop, it's not been updated for close to 2 years. And that's our longest gap in a Photoshop release and with significant more features. So folks are really excited about what's coming in imaging. On the HTML5 side, the innovation with new products like Edge and Muse, as well as mobile application development, I know you've asked me in the past what's happening with developers. PhoneGap's being downloaded, for example, at almost 1 million a year run rate. On the Publishing side, we've continued to make InDesign a must-have to go with the Digital Publishing Suite so that enterprises can deal with multiple screens. And so we offer that again as part of an Enterprise ELA. Video. High-end video, we're now the leader. And clearly, in the next release, there's significant new innovation that's happening in the video market. And the Flash HTML compatibility, we have millions of Flash developers who will be able to continue to innovate using Flash and easily convert to HTML using Create GS [ph] capabilities. We've demonstrated that as well. So Steve, once we go in with this entire value proposition, frankly, for the enterprises, what they're interested in doing, as they do today, is an enterprise-wide license for all of the desktop applications. They get all of the Touch applications in conjunction with that. They want content management so that they can have a collaborative authoring process. So typically, we go on in and either offer Day content management as well as we're going to be providing a digital asset management solution for the enterprise later this year. And then they can also then provide all of this external to the firewall through the Creative Cloud offering. And so for enterprises, it's typically, again, a per-user basis in terms of the pricing, and that will continue with the Creative Cloud offering as being areas of interest for them. So we don't actually anticipate that it'll be a big issue for enterprises.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Ross, there are no underlying assumption changes. Frankly, most of the customers have been telling us they're excited about CS6, and they said, "Can we have a little bit more time to evaluate all of the offerings?" And so all our modeling shows the more we convert existing customers to the Creative Cloud, the better off we are. Again, I think new users will be the primary usage of subscription. That's what we've seen in all of the pilots that we're running. Piracy will be one of the issues that we hope to address with the cloud offering, better pricing for people to adopt the platform. And I think customers who've been relatively current with our products will probably continue with the perpetual. What I will say also is that we have actually a very healthy road map of features that we're going to be providing on the cloud. So we show that sustained innovation and continue to promote the cloud as a better offering long term.
Shantanu Narayen: Our current thinking is to offer the individual products that's turned out to be a great on-ramp for people want to use it and then to offer the Creative Cloud, which is the comprehensive offering of all of our tools. That is not to say that some of the services that we offer will not be charged separately. So I think you'll see individual point products offered through subscription, you'll see comprehensive offering and you'll see other services for which we might charge separately.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Adam, I would say first that there are a significant number of customers who have adopted LiveCycle, and I think they've started to feel more comfortable with at least the support plan that we have for them. So we had certainly modeled what would happen with maintenance, and that has actually turned out to be more positive than we had originally modeled. And in government and financial services, as people continue to have LiveCycle, there may be a little bit of acquiring enough licenses to keep them going. But we've done the right thing by changing the focus, and I think customers are comfortable with the support that we've put in place for existing customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Peter, and I'll make another pitch for the Digital Marketing Summit. As I said, we have close to 4,000 attendees, which is double the number of attendees, almost, from last year. So the interest in the Digital Marketing business is actually really high. There are 4 key areas in Digital Marketing. The first is analytics, and we will continue to focus on analytics. Mobile and traffic on mobile is increasing. So we actually continue to see a fair number of transactions. There's a new field that's emerging there called cross-visit analytics. So you'll see us do more with social cross-visit, and the core area of analytics and measurement, I think, will continue to be a healthy area for us. The second is going to be all about personalized engagement. These are people who are rethinking their web presence, moving their business online. Virtually every CMO that I talk to wants a new interactive experience online. So that's an area with their -- Day Software as the core offering that we have in there as Day moves to the cloud. As we offer more functionality for people to be able to deal with social sites, that's another area of focus for us. The third, I would say, is multichannel campaign execution. This is where Efficient Frontier really helps in us being able to predict how you should spend your money online and get a -- get better ROI for everything that you're spending. And the fourth is media monetization, which is everything to do with, if you are a publisher, how do you make sure that all of the assets that you have and you're moving online, you are effectively monetizing it. So whether you're a marketer who wants an online presence, whether you're an advertiser who wishes to optimize your ad spend or whether you're a publisher who wishes to optimize your inventory, I think we now have a really comprehensive offering across each one of them. And again, you'll get a lot more details about that next -- this week.
Shantanu Narayen: So Peter, what we did at the beginning of the year is we started to have a single Digital Marketing Suite that integrated all these offerings, the majority of the current sales force that is selling direct into Enterprise will have in their basket all of this combined offering. For some of the newer products, we will always continue to have a specialized sales force to make sure that we get attention on nascent businesses or the ones that are growing really rapidly.
Shantanu Narayen: So Kash, I thought there were 3 questions in that. First, as it relates to the excitement around the CS6, yes, I outlined a number of the reasons. Imaging continues to be very high among what people are looking for with the next release. But the second one is HTML5. I'll give you a flavor of a couple of things. As I said, PhoneGap's on track. I think we had the most number of unique visitors to PhoneGap. So as people are creating applications across multiple app stores, that's continuing to gain traction. So we now have support for that, both as new services that we'll introduce as well as in Dreamweaver and our other applications. EaselJS, yes, that's some innovative, new functionality that we've also provided. So the millions of Flash developers who are out there, they can now, with a single button with the next version, not only output Flash, but they can also output HTML that will work within browsers. And so it actually enhances their productivity. And so while we continue to see the new version of Angry Birds taking advantage of Flash with Stage 3D, suddenly the same tool opens up new vistas for all of these Flash developers to develop animated or interactive content for HTML5. Edge and Muse, our brand-new applications. So I think we have a fair amount of new innovation to attract developers and designers to upgrade when the next release comes out.
Shantanu Narayen: And on the second one, Mark, we feel confident that everything that we've shown customers, the long lead press, our advanced customers, the excitement and the value associated with CS, the next version, is going to be evident as soon as it ships. So we're confident. As I said again, imaging hasn't been updated for a long time. And the new features are very compelling.
Shantanu Narayen: Jay, this survey was designed more to really understand interest in CS6 and resonance of the value proposition with customers across designers and developers and how much they knew about the product. So what was surprising was, first, the knowledge of CS6 was higher than what we've seen at similar cycles in the past. And that's clearly as a result of us doing more sneak peeks, which gave us confidence. And the second one was the actual number of people who said that they would upgrade was quite a bit higher than previous. In this particular survey, we didn't survey them for pricing, but we do have comprehensive pricing surveys that happen in Mark's organization. But this was just about interest level, understanding of the message and value proposition.
Shantanu Narayen: I -- the core Web Experience Management continues to be very healthy, Jay. It continues to, relative to our expectations, do better, and I think that's just as a result of people rethinking their entire content and delivery infrastructure. So the integration between that offering and analytics has also happened. We certainly expect to integrate that with everything we're doing on the social side, which is a big ask right now of CMOs. So continues to be sticky and a core part of the value proposition.
Shantanu Narayen: On your other question, Phil, as it relates to the differentiation in the Digital Marketing Suite, I think when you think about the entire content life cycle, nobody has as comprehensive an offering as Adobe. So much like we did on the Creative Suite, we have to have best-of-breed in each of the 4 segment areas that we talk about. In analytics, we're a market leader. In Web Experience Management, in media monetization as well as multichannel campaign. And so each of our offerings, I think, are best-in-class, and the integration of those is fairly unique in the industry. In addition, I think you'll see us announce some innovative, new things at Summit. And so it's clearly we're pushing the envelope on how people are thinking about marketing, which is, in addition to automation, how do you make sure it's more predictive. So really exciting things coming up ahead.
Shantanu Narayen: So I'd just like to again thank everybody for joining us today. I think in Digital Media, it really is all about the excitement around the innovation that we're going to be delivering later this quarter, both on the desktop side as well as our Touch applications and connected services. And we continue to be really excited about how we are transforming the creative process. And in Digital Marketing, we hope you can join us at the Digital Marketing Summit, where you'll continue to see how we're leading this really rapidly growing emerging category of businesses online. Thank you for joining us.
Mark Garrett: And Brent, on the deferred revenue, you're right. We did have a nice pop in deferred revenue this quarter. That's mainly driven by a lot of Omniture renewals. This is the quarter where a lot of their contracts renew. We also start building up some free-of-charge upgrade deferral for CS6 and for Lightroom 4. So bottom line, I think you should expect that deferred revenue continues to increase. I think you've seen that trend for quite some time now.
Mark Garrett: No, you're not looking at something wrong. I mean, we're still very confident in the Acrobat business. It's getting late in the cycle, but it's a great product and it met our expectations just like what we said.
Mark Garrett: It's probably going to be better than $150 million down, Brad, just based on what we saw in the first quarter. It did end up being better than we had anticipated, and Q2 looks a little better than we anticipated. So it'll probably be a little better than the $150 million.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Mike, it's Mark. So we expect the pace to be relatively not slow, but I think it's going to take a little while. I think people are going to want to see the product, understand what we can offer. I think there will be people that will wait till we iterate on the product. So while we're very excited about it and we expect to transition more and more people to the cloud-based offering, it's going to take a little bit of time. In terms of recurring revenue, if you remember last year, we had been saying that we were running around 20%-ish in terms of our recurring revenue. That's actually picked up now to over 23%. So we're making good progress on that recurring revenue front. That's a combination of subscription revenue from the Omniture business, from Efficient Frontier, from Connect hosted, from the subscriptions that we have on CS today that includes maintenance and support as well. So we're making good progress towards driving that recurring revenue percentage up.
Mark Garrett: We'll have to see what the adoption on CS is, to be honest with you. But I do expect that it will continue to grow every year.
Mark Garrett: I mean, I think if you net it out, we just have a better feel for Efficient Frontier. We're very happy with the CS6 release, as we had talked about earlier on the call. We’re very excited about the subscription offering. But basically, we're reiterating the guidance that we had for the rest of the business, and then adding a more comfortable commitment to Efficient Frontier on top of that.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I think what you're -- well, what you are seeing there, Adam, is 2 things. One is the addition of Efficient Frontier, and that's offset by the restructuring that we took last year.
Mark Garrett: And then from an -- sorry, from an investment perspective, the big push has been to add sales capacity. We've organized the field now such that they're integrated with the rest of the Adobe sales force. And we continue to add sales capacity in that business to drive revenue.
Mark Garrett: And then in terms of the subscription not derailing the overall offering, from our perspective, by keeping the perpetual product choice for customers, we don't derail the CS6 launch at all. They still have the option to buy the perpetual product. If they really like the subscription and more people flock to the subscription than we anticipate, that would be a great problem to have. But like we said, we think adoption will be at a slower pace on the subscription offering.
Mark Garrett: Thanks, Mark. Well, and so we'll split this up. So on the revolver, yes, we just basically closed out the old revolver and adopted a new one. It just extends basically our ability to have access to $1 billion in credit should we need it. It's really just good financial management from my perspective. The rates are very good. And if you remember, we actually did use it to help do the Omniture transaction a few years ago. So it's just opportunistic to have it in our coffers should we need it.
Mark Garrett: I don't think it was $100 million, Jay, when we did that. We said $150 million due to LiveCycle and Connect. And the difference between our original 4% to 6% guidance, and something that might have been closer to 8% to 10% without Efficient Frontier, was a combination of the LiveCycle and Connect decline as well as any impact from people moving to subscription. But it wasn't $100 million. We can do that quick math offline if you want.
Mark Garrett: Well, there's 2 aspects to the Digital Marketing business that create that different profile from a gross margin perspective. One is the professional services business, although it is very profitable business the way it's run today. And then secondly is the servers around the world and just the hosting costs that you have to run that business. So in both of those, we continue to try to squeeze more gross profit out of those businesses, and I think we do have the opportunity to do that, especially on the server side of the business, as we consolidate colos [ph] around the world and drive virtualization on some of those servers.
Mark Garrett: Hey, Phil, it's Mark. On the backlog question, we did not have any backlog coming in. We didn't have any backlog leaving. And we've talked about this during prior calls. We won't have backlog going forward anymore. We're managing the channel much more tightly, and it's just not going to be a material number going forward.
Mark Garrett: Yes. I mean, like I said earlier, Chad, we have not changed our guidance of the core business with this 8% to 10%. We basically are reiterating that guidance and just adding Efficient Frontier to it. So we're still comfortable with that.
