Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Brent. Happy to answer both of the questions. I mean first as it relates to Digital Experience, I think as we said, while we saw a little bit of slowness in interest at the beginning of the quarter, we certainly as people dealt with the employee issues as well as financial stability, the interest and demand in digital experience absolutely continues to grow stronger. With respect to Matt and Anil’s transition, we really don’t expect any issue. Matt has been planning for this for a long time; Anil has certainly in his role as CEO at Informatica managed a field. There is a deep bench, Matt is available for a transition and he is certainly going to remain a friend of the company. And so I would not anticipate any issues whatsoever with respect to the field transition because the next layer is completely in place and has tremendous experience with Adobe.  I think as it relates to the revenue expectations for Q3, Brent, I think maybe I can touch a little bit on what we said with the Advertising Cloud again just to make sure everybody understands that which is the opportunity, if you take a step back around both Digital Experience and Customer Experience Management, there is no question that it’s larger than prior to this pandemic. And as you know Brent, we have an unbelievably unique portfolio of products and so what we did was we said, let’s take the opportunity to really prioritize the largest growth vectors as well as look at profitability. Content and commerce had a great quarter, customer experience orchestration continues to be really important. Analytics and InSight is really important. And Advertising Cloud as it relates to the solutions that we have for attribution and InSight, they add a significant amount of value for our customers. However, again as we said given in Advertising Cloud, they are two separate businesses, the software driven and the transaction driven. We did take the opportunity to accelerate our moving away from the lower margin transaction business, something as you remember, we actually signaled at our Analyst Meeting last year. And so when you take out the revenue impact associated with that you will find that the strength of the business continues. As it relates to bookings, in Q2 we achieved – the book of business for subscription bookings was greater than 15%. That in this current climate I would say it was excellent performance. And so we continue to feel really positive about the business, but hopefully that gives some color. And the last thing I’ll say is even if you think about our Q2, Brent, when we guided to $3.175 billion and we said that we had $50 million in advertising revenue that we decisively decided to stop pursuing, with the numbers that we posted you could see that we had a really good quarter.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, maybe I will start as well, Keith. And then John can certainly add. I mean overall clearly when you think about the creative and the document business, working from home, shelter in place, and the ability to both create and tell their story as well as what is happening with the documents, you are right, I mean we had guided to about $385 million, it’s a record for a Q2 for us in our business, so it was strong. I think what we were trying to also give color was the different routes to market. And when you think about the routes to market certainly adobe.com, the traffic right through the quarter was very strong. Because as you know, we have a data driven operating model, we use the effective marketing tools to continue to drive visit our acquisition across the globe. I think small and medium businesses we would all say it was probably the most impacted as you think about our customer segment. And therefore, through the channel what we were trying to indicate was the revenue was lower than we would have normally seen. We fully expect that that business is going to come back as that segment continues to get strong, but document cloud, sign, video, single apps, all did really strong Keith as it relates to what happened on adobe.com. So it was more a route to market and there is probably some aspect of folks who typically transacted through the channel who are also probably coming to adobe.com as a result.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Jennifer again, I think as the shelter-in-place, work at home began, when we last spoke to you it was I think 10 days into the quarter and we said that we had actually seen limited impact of COVID and then we did see an increase as it related to the traffic, which actually continued quite high right through the quarter. So we continue to see the strength in that particular business. On the acquisition side, it’s early, but the first few days of the quarter again we continue to see the strength in Q3. I think as you know and have followed us for a while Q3 tends to be our seasonally weak quarter. We have such a great insight into the business as it relates to the data driven operating model. So while the overall against the addressable market is certainly a durable trend. I think we are factoring in normal seasonality. We are not assuming that things will get better as it relates to the small and medium business. But overall, whether it’s the Document Cloud or the Creative Cloud, we continue to feel good. I think if there was one thing that we probably overestimated the impact of COVID as it related to the consumer space. And now I think that number of you are like wow, that was great outperformance and we, if you look at our Q3 numbers as well it will clearly demonstrate continued momentum in that business.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, first Saket, unlike other companies in the enterprise space, we have never pursued revenue, that is not good profitable revenue which I know other companies do. And so I know I would say what we did really well in the quarter, let’s say, how do we take a step back, understand strategically, what are the, really long-term growth opportunities and how is the business going to get transformed as a result of what we saw. In that particular context, when every company on the planet, whether it’s a small and medium, or large business is saying how do I engage digitally with customers, it’s clear that the content and commerce associated with our offerings, what we can do around customer journey, orchestration and the core analytics and insight is really where all of these built on experience platform is where we are unparalleled in terms of the unique differentiation. On the advertising side, they really were two businesses, and this is something that we have talked about, which is there is a software driven business that shows how attribution works that really can benefit from the Adobe Analytics InSight in terms of making sure you are spending that money well and so that we will continue to offer, but we don’t know if that’s going to be a huge growth opportunity. It was the transaction business, which is very resource-intensive and that one we had always signaled that we were going to be reducing that business, but we certainly used pandemic as a catalyst to say let’s make a change right now, so we can double down our resources on what really represent durable, long-term opportunities. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color on strategically, why waste the crisis in terms of making the changes that you know you can make to be a stronger company.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brad, maybe just to add a little bit to what John added. I mean we actually took very decisive action at the beginning of the quarter, because we did not know how widespread how long the pandemic would be to make sure that we controlled our expenses. When you look at the opportunities that we have on the Document Cloud, when you look at the opportunities that we have with Experience Platform, the ability to continue on variable market and to make sure that we are acquiring the right customers that will deliver the right long-term value, I think that’s really important for us to continue to make sure that we are opening up the company back to the long-term opportunities that we have because going to be an even more unique place than the smaller company. So, to your point earlier, Brad, it is something that we always do. I think John was also referring to the early actions that we took and saying, hey, we understand our business and so it’s time to really focus on the long-term opportunities that will continue to drive both top and bottom line growth.
Shantanu Narayen: Mark, I think this is similar to the question that Jennifer asked which is everybody is going to go back to business as usual. I mean if you take, Adobe as a company and how we also think about reentry, I think the new normal is going to be people working in remote locations, engaging more digitally, making sure that digitization continues to be a really important phenomenon. So I think as it relates to the document, as, Mark, we have been excited about it. We always talked about the move from perpetual to subscriptions. We had talked about PDF services on the web and as we said that’s all substantial growth making sure PDF API functionality is available for anybody who wants to document as part of any system that they are trying to accomplish. And so we don’t think that abates. We think that these will just continue to be secular tailwind trends that we will benefit from. And I think that again going back maybe to Brad’s question is the reason why we feel optimistic given everything that we’ve seen to make sure that we continue to capitalize on those particular opportunity. And so the document business has always been a growth, it just accelerated and we think that that’s a trend that will be durable.
Shantanu Narayen: Kirk, your first question to good one. And again, going back to what we were able to do during this, we have made it so that the offerings that we have that combine the strength of what we are doing on Adobe Sign with the strength that we have on content in the Digital Experience business and what we were delivering with forms, whether that was for the public sector, we have our entire field organization now out there evangelizing what we can do on the document side. So that gives you one example of a significant shift as it relates to making sure that we have our entire organization aligned around the go-to-market. I think in terms of partnerships and partnerships that we have done on the document side and Sign and API functionality. We’ve always talked about the opportunity that we have with Microsoft and the integration. We also announced a really strategic partnership with ServiceNow. If you think what ServiceNow is able to do, which is really change how workflows happened in an enterprise every single one of those workflows then needs the statement of record as it relates to PDF but then makes that a tangible. So again, that one we have been able to do. So really great question and that’s one of the ways in which we are able to pivot like a nimble small company rather than – and use our brand rather than weight. And so that’s an example of the entire DX field organization also now has an offering associated with Sign that they can take into every one of our customers.
Shantanu Narayen: As always Jay that was three questions mirrored in one, but I appreciate all of them. I think as it relates to the COGS I think and the gross margin, you have actually seen that improve even as you look at the data sheet that you have for Q2. So I think it’s something like $35 million or something on quarter-over-quarter. So I think you see the improvement in the COGS. We are constantly looking at our COGS and we want to make sure we improve. I think your question around Summit and the excitement that we have around all the things that we announced is another reason why when you have that differentiated solution that’s really where I think our value add to a customer is so much higher, and there is a lot of interest, there’s a lot of interest as people look at it and say, all of this data that they are now drowning in how can they use Adobe’s intelligent services so that it automatically personalizes whatever is required for a user across multiple channels. So you are right, I mean Summit for us was very interesting and that we were able to transact with a lot more folks, we got a lot more awareness out, we were able to, actually advance what we would do with Summit that were globally rolled out. I would say it’s probably a little less mature pipeline and that’s one thing that you miss the ability to move that forward. But all of that’s now we expect that trend as we move into the second half in 2021 because that is going to be top of mind. So that’s a little bit of how we’re looking at it.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Kash, I mean it’s something that we are all focused on a lot as a company. I mean first I will reiterate in fact that overnight as a company 20,000 employees all around the world were productive. I mean in my internal note to the company, as part of this earnings I said I was just blown away. We had our first ever virtual close, the IT organization, in terms of how they’ve made sure that we are all productive through video conferences. I would actually say when you look at existing projects, most people would say that their productivity is actually greater than 100% because they are saving on travel, they are saving on the ability to be very productive without too many meetings and so I think as it relates to the new normal on the product engineering side, it’s been phenomenally successful. I think we need a little bit more focus on what happens with respect to creating new projects, so that one of the brainstorming that happens as it relates to the virtual white boarding. So that’s something that we will continue to focus on. On the dealing with customers which was the other part, so internally we feel very good. On the dealing with customers, I think that went through a little bit of a slow phase as customers were first thinking about their internal, but frankly right now I mean sometimes you feel like you’ve conquered time and space because you can have meetings with people across four continents on the same day, makes for a long day Kash, but it actually feels really good that we’re now engaging with customers. So we just feel that our ability to attract talent also wherever they might live that’s going to improve. And so net, net, I would say, for a company like Adobe internally, our productivity is overall higher, but even more important, I think it serves at such an inflection point because every single company is now going to say, hey, I need to go talk to Adobe, whether it’s about creative, whether it’s about documents or whether about Digital Experience. So I think the macro tailwinds is probably going to be the longer lasting benefit to a company like Adobe and certainly, Brent congratulations on 25 years. I mean, the two of you have been great sort of followers of the company and very insightful. So congratulations.
Shantanu Narayen: I think on your first question, there is no question that the creative market and everybody who has a story to tell, it is only getting larger. I mean, as we said we were proud of $30 million provisioned, also for education, which is going to be I think a great base for us to build on, and I wouldn’t say it is one segment or the other. I think really Keith, it’s all of the different segments. Mobile did very well, we have different price points, we have Spark for communicators. And again it is our vision is very clear. It is a one-stop shop for everything from inspiration to monetization. So expect us to continue to see more offerings, more price points, and using our DDOM frankly to both acquire them as well as to make sure that we serve them appropriately. I’m glad you asked the question on commerce. Commerce usage has certainly gone up very dramatically in terms of how we’ve seen the enterprise adoption of our commerce solutions was very strong in the quarter. I think it’s important for all of you to also remember that the way we do that is it’s typically licensed base with a band of how many transactions. So it’s really not about – the transaction doesn’t immediately result in revenue, but whether it’s a true-up or whether it’s an increased band that they will have to go. So, new customer acquisition was good in that. Usage as certainly gone up, it is almost like you’re having Black Friday or Cyber Monday every day, but we will continue to hopefully see that as we talk about renewals, how they get into higher bands.
Shantanu Narayen: John, certainly you can add on the margin, I think Alex, as it relates to the linearity during the quarter I think the month of March and this is probably true for most of the businesses that was where the real impact was felt and then April actually became worse. I think as we got into May, people started to engage a lot more we saw signs of improvement. I think John touched on that as well. And so I think that’s the way I would highlight it for a month, month and half, everybody knew Digital was an imperative, but they had other fires that they were fighting. And then as it related to March, I mean, May, sorry, it all started to open up and we are having far more conversations with customers. So hopefully that gives you some feeling about linearity, which is why we are optimistic about moving forward as we have that pipeline. How we will deal with. And the operating margin will be between the Q1 and Q2 levels. If you think about it, you’re not going to see any big change dramatically, but as John said, I think we will continue to invest in. And I realized we ran a little bit long with the prepared remarks, and so we may not be able to get all of the questions, but let me again say I am really proud. I am proud of what the company was able to accomplish in Q2. And I’m even more excited about what the future growth opportunities are for Adobe because there is no question that digital is going to be even more of a driver of the economy. It’s going to amplify the urgency for individuals to be creative and collaborators, it’s going to improve the urgency for enterprises to engage digitally and when you think about the portfolio of products that we have, learning is no longer – learning to be creative will no longer be a luxury, dealing with electronic documents is going to be the way business is transacted, the PDF platform and ecosystem is thriving, and on the DX side, engaging digitally with customers is going to be mission critical irrespective of the size of the business. And so we are proud of our unique business model, growth is a priority for us, but we will always focus as we have with great cash flow and high profitability. I’m proud again as I said that we used this crisis to further refine our strategy and align the organization on what truly matters, which is sustained innovation and delighting our customers. Please stay safe, stay healthy. And thank you very much for joining us today.
