Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Brent. Both of them are actually big picture going really well. We have, as you saw, started to integrate the products, the delivery of the Adobe Commerce Cloud that was based on Magento Commerce. We announced some good partnerships there as well as it relates to what we are doing with Amazon to allow multiple small and medium businesses to be able to deliver their storefronts based on this combined technology. We did some good work as it related to integration between the Adobe Experience Manager as well as the Adobe Commerce Cloud, so you can now have in a single digital foundation the ability to do web content management, analytics as well as commerce. So product integration with Magento is going well. I think on the go-to-market efforts, the enterprise motion that we have, which is clearly a strength of Adobe, we are putting the Magento solutions through that enterprise go-to-market motion. We've also done a good job, I think of integrating the mid-market, small and medium business, whatever you want to call it, the Magento and Marketo because the combination of both of them give us a little bit more heft in the marketplace. And on Marketo as well, I mean, it's clearly a fabulous SaaS platform for engagement as it relates to B2B marketing, the focus there has been on both integration with Adobe Analytics as well as making sure that the combination of Campaign and Marketo will be the best B2E, which is what we call sort of the business to everyone engagement platform. So pleased with it, results are good, continued focus and I think that's one of the reasons why we are aligning the organizations more rapidly to make sure that we get the appropriate alignment.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think big picture, Jennifer, Digital Media, we continue to do really well. We had, as you point out a great Q2 achieving I think $406 million in net new ARR, which is a record for Q2. Certainly, I think in terms of the different offerings, as John mentioned in his prepared remarks, we are seeing traction on the video offerings, we're seeing traction with enterprise adoption, services, both Stock and Sign are continuing to perform quite well, international expansion continues to be an area of opportunity as well as new customer acquisition through the marketing campaigns that we have. And if you think about, as you pointed out again, the $360 million target that we're putting for Q3, which would be a record for a Q3 and then you add to that what the $750 million plus in ARR for the first half, I mean it's clear that the momentum continues in the business, I think to your question around seasonality and color. I think it's our expectation that net new DM ARR in Q4 would be similar to what we had last year in Q4. And so, if you add that all up, it implies that we will have record new ARR again in 2019. And I think underlying all of that, as we've outlined to you is the DDOM model that we have, it allows us to optimize our marketing spend, it allows us to engage better with customers, and MAX should be another great show for that business. One thing I should also mention, sorry, is that, Acrobat continues to, as you clearly saw from the results, do really well.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Keith, for the question. It's such a large opportunity that we're completely convinced, I am that the focus on the aligned organization was the right choice. It's been great. I focus a lot of time on the customer, just I think over the last 10 days three Fortune 100 CEOs have come in to talk to us about our view and our vision for digital transformation, spent a lot of time on the product to make sure that we get great alignment. You've seen the general availability of the Adobe Experience Platform, the Artificial Intelligence features that we're now in beta attribution and customer journey. We've signed some great partnerships with Software AG and ServiceNow. And really, I've been trying to focus also the organization on a lot more with respect to customer centricity. I think as we've aligned the two acquisitions of Magento and Marketo, which we've outlined to you, Keith, was a priority. We brought the same rigor that we have in DDOM for creating that cadence and customer centricity for pipeline progression, for marketing demand generation, as well as for the software delivery lifecycle. And so, I'm really also pleased with how the current management team, which is extremely strong and has stepped up and is executing an alignment. So, while the search continues, we haven't missed a beat and I've been spending a lot of time, which just continues to give me a lot of faith in the long-term opportunity associated with the business and it's not hampering the progress at all in terms of what we need to do.
Shantanu Narayen: It's a good question, Brad. And I think fundamentally it stems from the fact that when you have the leading content management platform, we have the data and I think that continues to differentiate us in terms of the customer interaction across different channel points. We've been talking to you for a couple of years of the investment that we've made in the Adobe Experience Platform, the vision there has always been not only to integrate all of our existing solutions, so we have a platform across content and data to win it, but to frankly stitch together all that customer profile in real-time. And when you have all that customer interaction that's happening as a result of mobile access to the website or website access or as customers are giving us access to the other channel data, that's just as unique differentiator that no other company has. So we start off from that being a huge advantage. I think the effort that we've put into an ecosystem of partnerships there in terms of ingesting that data, the common taxonomy that we've agreed to the partnership with SAP and Microsoft on ODI, and, frankly, the credibility that we just continue to get associated with the fact that when you're processing these hundreds of trillions of transactions on an annual basis that we have more insight to be able to activate it, I think all of that gives us hope. I think with the whole Experience Cloud, I will continue to reinforce that when we talk about it being north of a $70 billion addressable market, you should look at this as it's not a win/loss kind of situation, there's just so much opportunity. But starting with what we had with Audience Manager and DMP that we had with Demdex combined with what we are doing in CDP and making sure that that all operates in real-time, I think that is just a unique combination for Adobe.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Saket, I mean I think it stems from this fundamental assertion and hypothesis that we have – beliefs that we have that everyone has a story to tell. And when you have K-12 student all the way to the largest enterprises in the world wanting to use social media, wanting a quick template-based approach to start to be able to express themselves and then grow that expertise into using our products, it's just a fantastic on-ramp. And so the millions of customers that we have, the penetration in the education segment is both an opportunity in itself, but frankly great brand building and awareness of what the Adobe Solutions can do across the spectrum. And so, I think it really – we've been talking about this for a while, but it's the golden age of creativity and design and it doesn't matter whether you're studying history or geography, I mean, the ability to express yourself visually and graphically and to do that across social channels is just such an intrinsic part of what it is and I think we've really struck a chord with the great, great product across both mobile. I think the fact that we're exploring different platforms and previously we used to look at print and web as a platform, now we look at even channels like YouTube as a platform. It's just a great in addition to mobile, way to attract new customers. So I think that's why it really resonates with customers and while it'll continue to be both from an ARR perspective of growth as well as from overall brand and awareness, just a significant ability for us to continue to keep Digital Media ARR momentum going.
Shantanu Narayen: But if you think of it in terms of material, it's primarily new user growth and new subscriptions, Sterling, is how you should think about it. I think the value that we're providing enables us to keep driving at the anniversary of people moving over to the new pricing, keep them as loyal customers and improve their engagement. But as it relates to the photography and video, it's primarily new user growth that's driving the Digital Media ARR.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think, Kash, thanks first. I mean, big picture, it's clear. We're having another record year and great execution against both growth opportunities across all of the three marketing clouds, Creative, Document and Experience. And as you point out, the results, revenue growth of 25%, the significant cash flow as well as the strong EPS, while we're increasing margins. I think on Digital Media, I gave some color as it related to what will certainly be a record Digital Media ARR year and I think we factor in seasonality, and so that's I think part of how you should be thinking about Q3 versus Q4. And in DX as well, I mean the subscription revenue growth, if you look at that, when you see the revenue growth of 34%, the subscription revenue growth certainly has exceeded that and it's closer to 39%. And so I think that also reflects the success that we continue to have and the fact that we have the leading SaaS enterprise platform for enterprises to engage digitally with their customers. And so, I think big picture, the two opportunities continue to be significant tailwinds. We're executing well against it. I think we'll give you more color as it relates to Q4 in September as well as 2020 at MAX. But continue to be really optimistic. And I think where we are in the quarter, just updating annual numbers for a year is akin to giving Q3 and Q4 targets and that's why, as you know, typically we don't do that. But that should not change the fact that we have momentum in the business and optimism for the future.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think as it relates to the Digital Experience business, we've always outlined, Mark, that the focus has been on driving subscription bookings. I think as the deferred revenue also starts to taper off, that's certainly going to factor into what happens. But it's just a large addressable opportunity. We have the market leading products and we continue to be excited about how we execute against that. So that's how I would think about that particular business.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. You forgot ODI and maybe a couple of other TLAs, Jay, but it's a good question. And I think as it relates to how we think about the technology underpinnings, we think about it from two strategic points of view. The first is, are we able in our own products to have a common way in which people can really provide integration for our existing applications better than any other individual point product vendor can provide? And I think our track record, as you know better than most in terms of what we have done on the Digital Media side of having colors and types and font faces work well, that is the reason why the underlying data model allows us to have things like campaigns or segments or audiences work better across our applications than anybody else. And so, we did that heavy lifting associated with having a common way to define the taxonomy, the customer journey across our products. We clearly saw that that was not going to be adequate in terms of the aspirations we had to actually being the underlying sort of infrastructure for how all companies deal with digital transformation and the reasons for the partnership with both Microsoft as well as with SAP is to actually through ODI and make that true not just for customer behavioral data where we clearly have access to all of that data, but also to extend that to financial data, to transactional data over time to IoT data. And so, the way I would think about it is, it's a common taxonomy, it's a common way for people to extend it, but we don't have to do the heavy lifting of defining everything. The beauty of the model is that actually we defined the framework, we defined the API, we defined the services and other people can actually extend and augment that, and so it enables the entire ecosystem to partner. So it's exciting. We delivered that through the Adobe Experience Platform. I talked in the prepared remarks about how we have early beta customers who are starting to see it. Certainly, Adobe is using it in our own offering. But I think it's really going to be the underlying infrastructure for our next generation enterprise who wants to engage with their customers. So we're excited about that.
Shantanu Narayen: I'm really glad you asked that question, because we talk a lot about the Adobe magic that we've had in the Digital Media products and we certainly touched on what we've done with Content-Aware Fill, which is magic as it relates to being able to do that across frames and reduce a whole bunch of complexity for the video products. We are investing very heavily in the same technology Sensei in the Experience Cloud. Let me maybe give you a couple of examples to make it more tangible. I mean, the first is when you're doing search, the way you do search when you're doing it in Digital Media trying to find an object in Stock where we have the best technology is still substantially different from the way you would do search, in Commerce where you're looking for an object maybe based on a color or based on a type of preference. So I think in Commerce, that's one area where Sensei and the ability to do search and find the right shopping good that you're interested in. That's a game changer in targeting and in what we can do around how we can optimize targets and recommendations, that's another area where AI is certainly beneficial. When you're talking about a subscription model and customer preference and a prediction score of who's likely to churn and what are the best way to engage with them across channels, that's another area where we have AI technology. But in addition to that, as part of the experience platform, we actually now have modules. I talked a little bit about attribution.AI and things like that, which are AI modules and frameworks for people to actually augment the Experience Cloud. So I think, unlike other companies, we believe that the AI is best built in into each of the existing solutions and through frameworks, but our track record of delivering against that has been strong and it's only getting better.
Shantanu Narayen: The one thing, maybe, I'd like to add to that, I know there was some question around seasonality and while this question was specifically around operating margins, I think cash Adobe, so maybe we'd give you color on how we think about our investment as well as what's happening as it relates to margins. I think it's clear that despite the revenue growth and investment that the operating margin of the company has improved throughout the year and I think we remain very focused on profitability. If you look at seasonally how that should play out over the second half of the year, our guide for Q3 shows EPS increasing by approximately, I think $0.12 despite seasonality. And we certainly expect Q4 to be a strong seasonally finish to the year. And I think to give you some color on that while we are not updating our annual targets, we would expect that sequential EPS growth from Q3 to Q4 to be about 3x the growth from Q2 to Q3. So hopefully, that gives you some color on how we think about the investments. We certainly continue to believe in investing for the revenue growth that we're seeing and it also clearly gets us back to north of 40% margin. So hopefully, that gives you some color on seasonality as well as while the question was on gross margins how we think about operating margins and expenses.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. As you know, Walter, we don't update how we're doing against the bookings during the year as we think about the underlying dynamics of the industry and the need for Digital Experience solution. Nothing diminishes the belief that we have that that continues to be a large growth opportunity. I think as you could see from the subscription revenue growth that we see, we continue to focus on executing against that. And so we'll certainly provide more color as we've said on that on an annual basis. But I just big picture the – available opportunity, I think continues to be large. And given Mike said that that was the last question, maybe just as a quick summary again, it's clear that we have the right strategy and the focus on delivering great customer value. We're pleased with the first half financial results, so we expect that momentum to continue in the second half. The strategy of empowering people to create and helping businesses transform. We believe that continues to be a north of 100 billion addressable market opportunity. And we're really pleased with the attendance that we saw at the customer events in the DX, and whether it was the Summits in the U.S. and Europe, whether it was Marketo Marketing Nation, whether it was a Magento Imagine. I think that just reflects both the leadership that we have in product strategy and vision as well as the strength of the customer and partner community. And FY2019 is shaping up again and we expect it to be another record year for revenue and I think the innovation roadmap and opportunity positions us really well for future growth. We appreciate all of you joining us today. Thank you.
