Shantanu Narayen: Why don't I start with that, Saket, and then I'll certainly have others add. I mean, as we look at the Digital Media ARR accomplishment over the quarter, firstly, it was record quarter as well as it was a record year. And when we think about what our Digital Media guide was, I mean, we certainly expected Frame to close in the quarter, and it closed pretty early in the quarter. And so what we do is, we think about a range of outcomes and what that might do. And certainly we wanted to focus on Frame as well, but it was probably not explicitly factored into the quarter. When you consider it from different customer segments, the Team business actually performed really well right through the quarter. And so, the Teams is offering and the strength in the small and medium business was great. Enterprise, we actually actively redirected and pivoted the team to think about video and Frame and how we were continuously selling it, as I said, it closed early in the quarter. And so, Enterprise had the traditional Q4 strength as well, that we normally expect. The individual demand was actually fairly strong right through the year. As Dan mentioned, maybe the one slight change is that as you think about what's happening with online shopping, while we continue to see demand up into the right, we perhaps did not see as much of the spike, as you would have perhaps seen traditionally in either the Black Friday or the Cyber Monday weeks. But apart from that, strength and demand continues to be strong. And clearly, we factored that into our guidance for fiscal 2022, which is the strongest ARR guide that we've ever guided to. I think as it relates to the product and the differentiation, maybe I'll have Scott touch on that, and then David can certainly speak to other issues of the business.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Alex, I mean I'll take that. And if you think about it, first, as you know, people who've covered us for a long time, we take our guidance very seriously. And let me maybe roll back a little bit to what we accomplished in 2020 and then how we guided for 2021. As you know, we guided a little bit below what our 2020 guidance was, in 2021, when we started, and we certainly outperformed that guidance as it relates to digital media ARR accomplishment in 2021. And if you look at how we've guided for 2022, it's actually a little bit closer to our 2021 guide, as a starting point. And so clearly, we continue to be incredibly optimistic associated with the underlying strength of the business, the overall need for creativity just continues. We don't believe in any way, shape, or form there was sort of pull-ins and I know that sort of exists for other companies, we just continue to see secular strength. And some of the new initiatives that we have underway. I mean, we really pivoted the team to be thinking about enterprise and video, we have Creative Cloud Express, the usage is going to build dramatically, we already have the largest communicator business, I think among the Creative community. So, we're incredibly optimistic about how that business looks. And then if you look at it from a quarterization perspective, again, let's just go back and look at what we guided in Q1 of 2021, as you know, when we guided to a number we were factoring in the $24 million that we outlined was an additional part of what we accomplished as part of the 13 versus 14-week. And so if you look at it, it's very much in line. In other words, the trends of the business continue and the optimism in the business continues. So that's how I would think about it, Alex.
Shantanu Narayen: Okay. Maybe I'll start, Keith, and then David, certainly you can add to it. If you take a step back, I think this just speaks to the enormous opportunity that exists for creators. And if you look at our offerings already today, Keith, I mean, we have an incredible diversity of offerings. We have Photoshop Express on mobile that's doing great as it relates to the ARR. And we have the Creative Cloud product that also allows now the substance 3D products, that's probably the most expensive. And so I think with online and our DDOM, we now have absolutely the ability to target and personalize our offerings against a broader set of customers and to make sure that we make it all net positive and net from a customer satisfaction as well as a net positive from the ARR that we accomplish. A couple of other things, I mean, first, our creative business with the Communicator segment is already the largest creative business in the world. I mean, when you think about what's happening with Photoshop or Lightroom or the express set of products, and I think what express really does is it actually adds value to every single Creative Cloud subscriber. I mean, they are Creative Cloud subscribers, who are incredibly proficient in video, who sometimes want to do a quick flyer associated with it. And so I think this brings more and more and more people into the fold. It's similar frankly to what we've done with the Document Cloud, where when you think about what's happening with this organic demand that we've created for PDF. And so net, net, I think it's a creative, and then I'll hand it over to David to speak specifically about how this might roll out, but it is actually an enabler for us, and it unifies frankly all of the different creative offerings that we've already had for the Communicator segment.
Shantanu Narayen: And Kirk, if I were to add a little bit more to that, I mean, when you take a step back and think about what we've accomplished, we created the digital marketing category, and we said, there is a much larger opportunity as it relates to this customer experience management, the innovation that went into the building of the experience platform and the unification frankly of everything that analysts talked about, whether it's content and commerce, whether it's data and insights, whether it's the marketing flow associated with work front, which is also doing well. There really isn't another company that enables somebody whether you're the marketer, the Chief Revenue Officer, the Chief Digital Officer to very quickly say, I want to get all my data, whether it's online or offline into one particular place and even more important to activate it. And so I think from my perspective, the momentum associated with having this unified platform and you can get customers really up and running so rapidly, that's pretty amazing. The second thing I would say is that we've done a really good job with the Digital Strategy Group, as well as what Anil had outlined earlier about these transformative accounts. And so, again, as we shared in the data, the ability to sell multiple solutions, the ability to upsell, the ability to co-sell, I think that's also gives us a lot of confidence, but now we have the platform, we have the apps and services on it. We have the AI associated with it, and I think if you take a step back, there isn't a company that doesn't want to talk to us about (a), Adobe, how did you do it? And (b), how do we really make sure that we can get this up and running and activated faster? So, I really hope in 2022, you'll see how we make increasing progress in terms of not only just the selling, but the provisioning and frankly the value realization and I think we've done a good job on that front as well under Anil's leadership.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe Mark, I'll just add a couple of things to that. First is, as Dan tells me, which is first welcome to the big leagues. And so, I guess when you're $15 billion of revenue, it's neither practical and it's frankly too expensive to hedge all the FX exposure that you were accustomed to maybe we're doing, so if you strip out that FX part and if you think about ARR, just very tactically to be clear. What we do is, we have an ARR at the beginning of the year with the strength of the dollar in November, you could argue it's the hardest compare on a pure FX, and then we both devalue the beginning book of business on ARR. And then we're using that dollar rate for the ARR for the quarter, and so then again, if you think about it, at a $1.9 billion guide that we have for ARR. Clearly, the underlying strength of business and the units that is not what's impacting the business, so, just I think that's the other way that I unpack what was the impact of FX, as well as to specifically tell you how we take the dollar rate at the beginning of the year for the ARR calculation.
Shantanu Narayen: And may be just one last thing to add on that, Gregg, I mean, one of the exciting things that again, I think the team has done is now this extension that we have in Chrome, as well as what we are doing and we announced the extension of the partnership with Microsoft. So again, I think the distribution of Adobe PDF with all the magic that we have with Liquid Mode and Mobile and Sign, I think that just really enables us given we have the APIs and the developer motions to really even further extend that. But this notion of automating document workflows, it's just going to continue to go up into the right.
Shantanu Narayen: I think 60s comes after 50s, Brent. If you're thinking about numbers on that scale, we have as Dan said, such incredible opportunities, and one of the statistics that he showed that was really, hopefully, Brent, and you know us how we think about the businesses, which is we're investing in these long-term really growth rates. But we've been able to do all these acquisitions, and really do a fantastic job of keeping our margin. And so, I think it again is all about the growth opportunity, you know it, we have an unbelievable leverage model. And so the leverage model will demonstrate itself. And if you look at our 2022 targets, it actually continues to show a lot of optimism in what we can do. I think Frame.io is a little dilutive. And again, as he said, some of these things, the Experience Cloud, and what we are doing with getting more Experience Cloud adoption globally, what we are doing around Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and Creative Cloud Express, I mean, we want to make sure that we are spending wisely, Ann is the expert on attribution, not just within the company, but in the world. And so, we'll continue to do it. But we do believe that, and this is the question that you've also asked in the past, which is the value that customers are getting is there an ability to continue to drive higher price offerings, and all of them are there. I mean, we're just excited about all of these different things, but I wouldn't count on 50 anytime soon right now, I'd rather count on accelerated growth, Brent.
Shantanu Narayen: Brent, so let me maybe again touch a little bit on the Adobe Digital Index, and then I'll come back to our business. If you look at the Adobe Digital Index, what has clearly happened over the last 12 months, 18 months, even pre-pandemic, but certainly during the pandemic, is this more and more activity happening online. That is a secular trend that's actually not going to change. We see it, there's more energy, there's more traffic, there's more activity associated with what's going online. If you look at what I think a lot of companies are looking at, the traditional spikes that you may have seen, a couple of weeks the Black Friday week or the Cyber Monday week, I think those are maybe a little bit more muted, because it's a little bit more of that traffic, you're seeing actually a steady growth as opposed to those spikes. So, if I take a step back and think about our Digital Media business teams, and the small and medium business, nice performance, if I look at the Enterprise, as I said, traditional close to the quarter, if I look at the individual business, a little bit of those spikes that we would have seen, we did see growth, we did see growth in both of those weeks, but it was perhaps a little bit less than that. And then you're back to again, the secular demand. So as I think about the business, it's not about the long-term demand. It's not about the market leadership of our products, I think it's just a little bit of how maybe online shopping globally has changed a little bit in terms of what the experience is. So that's what I attribute it to and we're back on Q1, look at our guide and let's go execute against the opportunities that we have. So I'll really point to a little bit of those couple of weeks. And it's not just Adobe, it's certainly represented, if you look at the Adobe Digital Index, and what we thought was the growth rate going to be for the entire community and how that got a little muted. So that's the way I would look at it.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, there are three things that are really driving that first is just, with the increased demand for content, we're seeing more Creative professionals come into the market. So we're seeing the base of people we can sell to as Creative professionals continuing to grow, we also are able to provide more value as people are trying to accelerate the velocity of content, they have to build content more quickly. So, things that Scott and team are doing around the addition of collaboration means that we're able to add more value, the Frame.io acquisition is a great example of that. But we've also added some core new collaborative capabilities to Creative Cloud itself. And third is the emergence of these new content types. We've been all tracking the growth of 3D. But also now with the emergence of the Metaverse, we're starting to see more demand for new types of content. And if you look at the performance of Substance 3D, and the fact that that business as an example grew 100% year-over-year, it shows you that the business and the growth that we're seeing is tracking to the TAM expansion that Ann talked about earlier.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, absolutely. We're starting to see customers who start with commerce. And now they want to have a much better web presence. And they work with us on content management. And they want to focus on marketing agility, and efficiency, and that leads to Workfront. So that's a different entry point that we see now. We also see a number of our customers, as they think especially about different patterns in commerce, B2B commerce, B2B2C commerce, et cetera, they are expanding from the Content Management presence they have with us, and taking us up on our vision of making it a truly shoppable experience. And so that's starting to move in the other direction as well.
Scott Belsky: Sure. In terms of product differentiation for Creative Cloud, I mean, what a year we had. We delivered some of the mind-blowing Adobe Magic throughout our actual Pro products, neuro filters in Photoshop, for example, a lot of the collaboration features and we really made a proclamation that Creative Cloud going forward will be as much about collaboration, as it is about Creativity, which if you think about it invites many more stakeholders of Creativity into the fold. And that's where we're seeing across all of our enterprise as well as small businesses. Everyone wants to be a stakeholder and have a say and be able to jump in and give feedback. And so we're building our products for the future to enable that. I also want to mention, of course, last week you launched Creative Cloud Express, this is just the start of an amazing new chapter for us. We've had a number of products in the market in our incubation zone. We call it as we learn about how to really fulfill our mission of creativity for all. And now we've galvanized all of the learnings, all of the signals. And we just couldn't be more excited about the new journey we're on here with that product in particular.
Scott Belsky: No, I was just going to say, I mean, I think David, you covered certainly the opportunity for Creative Cloud Express for the broader franchise. But one of the very exciting things that we've learned over the last few years is a really around the distinct customer needs that we're just not covered frankly by Spark or Photoshop Express other things we were doing or other kind of competitive tools out there. And I just wanted to share a few of those because I think they're really relevant. I mean, first of all, we're seeing a lot of these customers that come in, wanting to make something with a template, they want to be able to go further. So our product team is actually very excited about the prospect of a customer being able to make something and then take it to the next level using one of our more pro-ish applications like Photoshop or Illustrator, also the desire for artificial intelligence. A lot of customers come in from small businesses, etc, and they have an idea of what they want to make, but they want some assistance and making something remarkable. They want fonts to be recommended to them. They want colors that will perform better on social media. And so we have an opportunity to do that. And then finally, the idea of a multimedia editor was another really important insight for us in the development of Creative Cloud Express. Because what we learned is that while a lot of customers come in through the top of the funnel, because they want to make a flyer, they want to edit a video, they want to edit an image. When they come in, they actually realize, I'll add some animation. Maybe I'll add some sound. And before you know it, it's a multimedia creation. And so we're very much building Creative Cloud Express not just for where the customer is now, but where we see the market going, people are going to want to stand out with their media. And that's something that I believe Adobe can uniquely deliver with this product.
Scott Belsky: Well, we definitely see some of the tailwinds we saw during the pandemic continuing and every company, B2C companies, B2B companies, and companies that are experimenting with new business models, direct-to-consumer for example, they're all starting to invest across the board in digital experience. And we see that play out across all of the categories that are laid out, definitely with one view of the customer, a single view of the customer that carries through the unified profile that we have in the Adobe Experience Platform that is at the heart of all customer engagement. So if you kind of map it to how we think of our DDOM, everything from discover to try, to buy, to use, to renew that whole journey needs a common unified profile, so that you can deliver a consistent experience across all channels. And that's a major investment that all companies are making. And so what we've been able to do is to really take advantage of all of the knowledge we have and the applications we have across all of these areas and populate that data in the Adobe Experience Platform. And that gives us a clear head start for with every company and then say, then opening it up by saying that it is open to developers. The data model is an open data model. It runs on top of a cloud, so that it's horizontally scalable that has really made it something that any enterprise of any size can use, but they can also get started in a particular geography or in a particular business unit or a customer segment and scale from there. So I'm really excited. I think across our categories, we definitely see a lot of strength and more as we now see some of the trends that we've just talked about with the creator economy and so on, that'll continue to add more use cases that'll be built on top of the platform.
David Wadhwani: And I'm happy to add a little bit more from the business perspective as well, all the innovation that Scott's talked about and has been driving. One of the big things that you have to recognize is that it's really what's driving the TAM growth that Ann talked about earlier, both in terms of expanding the base of people we can access with something like Creative Cloud Express, and also increasing the value that we're providing to our Creative Pro base. So, as you start looking at, where we're going with the business, we're building on the momentum, as we talked about, we had almost $2 billion of net new ARR added in FY'21, we had our strongest guide ever and it's really on the back of that. One more thing with regard to Creative Cloud Express and how that will start to drive opportunity for us, it can start by actually adding a lot of new users to the franchise, one of the things that we've been doing a phenomenal job with and I think this expands is bringing new users to Adobe, getting them successful with what they're doing, and then start to mature them up the value curve into Creative Cloud subscription or now Creative Cloud Express subscription, but we're also making this available to all Creative Cloud customers. This is something that we see a lot of Creative Cloud customers occasionally want speed and content first development. For those users, we see the opportunity to really drive higher engagement and retention, even beyond where we already are. And then as you start to have more plans that are separated for the kinds of things people want to do, it gives us the opportunity to drive more price optimization across the lines as well. So we're very excited about where we're heading and what this really adds to the mix we have.
David Wadhwani: Yes. Just adding to that, we look at this as a really pivotal moment in terms of our ability to fulfill a need that we know our customers have. If you think back to what we talk talked about earlier, we have 400 million IDs that have been created on mobile devices already. We have 600 million monthly active users across our Digital Media products that are not creative professionals. And Creative Cloud Express represents an opportunity to give all of them something that we can onboard them in an effective way. As Shantanu also talked about, one of the things that we find really exciting about this is that our Creative Cloud base as well is looking for sometimes often they're looking for the power and precision of our creative flagship applications, but sometimes they just want a velocity driven content first creative, creation model two. And by giving Creative Cloud Express to most of our Creative Cloud plans, we expect to drive even higher engagement and retention there. And the last thing I want to say is that this fundamentally expands how we think about our go to market motion. And we have talked for the last many years about our data driven operating model and how that drives our ability to pull and acquire users bring them into our acquisition funnels with product led growth because of our increasing investment in mobile and web, we have the ability to do a lot more quick iteration and optimize the user journeys, so that conversion of that 600 million mile into paid and premium customers and engagement with them continues. And the last thing I will say is that, I don't think you can look at this market as you've got non-professionals and professionals. We have a lot of non-professionals that really want to use the power and precision of Creative Cloud. And so we look at this as this ongoing seamless journey from the first time you come in, you want to do something with creative expression, you can do it for free with Creative Cloud Express. We then move you up that chain. So you have the premium content and availability of the premium features and content and Creative Cloud Express paid plan. And then we see people are able to actually move all the way up to the power and precision of Creative Cloud. So it's really a seamless end-to-end journey.
David Wadhwani: Yes, as Chuck said, we're very excited about the momentum we see in the Document Cloud business as a whole. We have -- we benefit from this incredible reach we have. As I mentioned earlier, between our inside sales folks and our reseller partners, really anyone that has a document need is coming and flowing into our funnel. And then certainly with the benefit of the enterprise selling in the top down, we're able to go and have solution-oriented conversations with them, but one of the key areas that we've been focused on over the last 12 months that has really been productive for us is to leverage our footprint in terms of our desktop applications predominantly things like Reader across mobile, desktop and web and drive awareness and utilization of our services through that. As I mentioned earlier, we saw an 85% year-over-year increase in terms of Adobe Sign transactions that were successfully committed -- completed or initiated in Acrobat and you can expect to see us continue to do that. We want signatures and Adobe Sign to be available to anyone that uses Acrobat going forward and will continue to double down on that strategy.
Dan Durn: Sure. Thanks for the question. I think the best place to start is underlying performance of the business. I think we're exposed to great market opportunities; company's got the right strategy performing well against those strategies. As we think about performance in the current environment, against that backdrop of good performance. We want to strip out noise in the one year look ahead, set of numbers and I think there's two things that we point to when we separate the noise from what's been communicated. First is FX, second is the extra 53 week versus 52 week. And so, let's go one layer deep in each of those. As we think about the 53 versus 52. Week, that's about a 2% add or to growth for the overall company in fiscal '21. And as we window into fiscal '22, that's going to be about a two-point headwind because that extra week occurred in Q1 and you look at Q1 FY '22. It's about a seven-point headwind from just that one extra week alone as we look along quarter forward. As we take a look at FX and we think about the currency moves not surprisingly, FX for our business over 2021 also added about a two-point tailwind from a growth perspective, broadly speaking across the business. As we look forward into the next year, it creates about a one-point headwind given the recent moves that we've seen over the last couple of weeks, I'm sorry, last couple months of the dollar strengthening versus a variety of currencies around the globe. That gives you a sense of the magnitude of the moves from both of those two factors as we extract underlying performance from a bit of the noise we see, if we were to go to one click further down and take a look at how both of those factors affect the Digital Media business versus the Digital Experience business. I would say from the 52 versus 53 week dynamic, you'll see more of that upside and more of that headwind from a growth standpoint, impacting the DME business, then you do the DX business, but it's just a slight difference between the two businesses, depending on how we engage commercially with our customers. And I can go into that a little more detail, if you'd like. On the FX side, you see a similar dynamic, you see slightly accentuated performance to the upside and downside tailwind and headwind from FX on the Digital Media business than you do on the DX business. It's a slight change, but you see a slight bias to the upside and downside of DME versus DX. I think that unpacks the numbers and gets to the true underlying performance of the company. And as you take a step back and look at how our businesses have performed over the last couple years, you'll see what we've just guided is about in line with where we've been for the last couple years. So again, the company continues to perform pretty well.
Dan Durn: Yes. As you look at how we engage with customers, you engage with customers, through adobe.com and other channels on a daily basis, and you're exposed to every single extra day of that week to the upside and the downside depending on which year you're in. On the DX business, the vast majority of our, not the vast majority -- the majority of our revenues will all get booked on a daily basis, but there are parts of that business that engage with customers on a monthly basis. And as you can imagine when that extra week falls in a month and you engage with customers on a monthly basis, you won't see the upside or the downside on that business. So, on a like-for-like basis, you'll see more of that dynamic flowed into the Digital Media business than you will the DX business. But again, as you think about a two-point tailwind FX in FY '21 and a one-point headwind in FY '22. You're talking about slight separation to the upside and downside, and depending on what year you're in to this dynamic.
Dan Durn: Yes, so as I think we look into 2022, we in the prepared comments talked about as the world begins to open up, we're going to get on airplanes, we're going to spend time with customers, you'll see some of the facilities costs come back, this is about growing and scaling our business and engaging with customers and solving their highest value problems. So you will see some of those costs come back. And that's reflected in our guide. And so when we take a look at the opportunity in front of us, and we think about the runway for growth, we think about how well we're positioned in each of our respective businesses. And we think about where the world's going and the key enablement role we as a company can play to enable that digitization of the world, we're going to invest for growth, we're going to invest in market leading and defining products. And we're going to continue to lead the way we've done in the past. So you'll see some of that complement the investments we're going to make. And then as you think about the Adobe Experience platform, and you think about Creative Cloud Express, we're going to invest in sales and marketing to grow and scale those businesses globally. So we're going to be oriented to growth. And you'll see that reflected in both the performance and the decision making going forward.
