Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. FY '14 is going to be an exciting year. Through continuous innovation, we will build on our market-leading position in the explosive areas of Digital Media and Digital Marketing. Creative Cloud has become the preeminent creative offering, and we expect to exit 2014 with 3 million subscriptions and $1.85 billion in Digital Media ARR. Adobe Marketing Cloud crossed the billion-dollar threshold in 2013. With the most comprehensive offering in the Digital Marketing space and tremendous customer momentum, we expect to grow our Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings 30% in FY '14. At the heart of this successful reinvention are our employees. Their continued innovation, passion and dedication make all these accomplishments possible. Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Brent, we are definitely seeing that, as people are thinking about all of their creative applications, the content that they want to deliver across all of these devices, we're definitely seeing more penetration, especially, I would say, in the enterprise between the Creative offerings and the marketing offerings. I think the 2 areas where we see the most synergy right now is the first in our Digital Publishing Suite and the Adobe Experience Manager. That's why we've been -- that's why we decided to actually provide the DPS ARR as well. And the second I would say is, in the digital asset management space, where people are using the new version of the Creative Cloud to store assets under digital asset management. And I would say the field has become a lot better, honestly, about presenting the entire Adobe story to all of these customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Ross, maybe just adding a couple things, we're certainly seeing a lot of new customers being attracted to this platform, and the real benefits of the subscription model are the more customers we can get into the Creative Cloud offering. We're pretty confident, as Mark said, with new value and services. We will find new ways to continue to monetize that particular opportunity. The enterprise was off to a really strong start. I think you see that in the numbers with Q4. And so as we continue to drive people accepting Creative Cloud, we're confident that we have a lot of things on the road map that will help us continue to drive further ARPU gains over time.
Shantanu Narayen: That's a good question, Ross. And fundamentally, as we look at the marketing cloud, our strategy has been really to make sure that we're providing to the Chief Marketing Officer in all of these marketing enterprises, the complete dashboard. And as we think about the complete dashboard and the profile of everything that they are doing across multiple channels, the orchestration has less to do with the traffic on one channel and honestly has more to do with across all of these channels, how many users do they have and how are they providing a consistent way to have interactions with all of those customers? So I think it is fairly innovative pricing that we've introduced. I think we have the ability to rethink the right model for marketers. And we continue to believe that as those customers drive more profiles, that we will benefit from it. So it's different from the existing model. I think it comes from our strength in a multichannel offering and our ability to really, with our content play and our analytics play, upend or disrupt the current industry dynamics.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me take the second question first, Kash, which is, we certainly are finding that we are differentiating our current Creative Cloud offering from, as you point out, the last version of CS6. And so I think all our conversations with customers, I think they're seeing more and more innovation only on the cloud. And that's why we continue to be confident about our ability to attract new subscribers. Whether that turns into a steady stream of continued subscriptions as we modeled, or we have a further inflection quicker, we'll see. I think we're focused on driving innovation. We're focused on driving why the Creative Cloud is a better offering. And as you know, Kash, having followed us for many years, we are taking these targets very seriously. So is there upside as we continue to provide innovation? You're right. I mean, we want to take the entire install base and have them move over into the Creative Cloud offering. But we'll just have to play it out. I mean, we're pretty early in this transition in the grand scheme of things. I think the good news is it's gone better than we've expected, and I think people are seeing the value. And customer sat is higher.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, the first thing I would say, Jennifer, is as you look at the install base, I think it's important to remember, in terms of the numbers that we provide, what's reflected that is also included in the ETLA part of the revenue that we provide. And so when we provide the number of people who are on the perpetual version of the product, we do include the numbers that have chosen in the prior version to do licensing business with us, which is now reflected in ETLA portions. So when you think about the 10%, it's actually higher because there's a lot of people who are actually choosing to do ETLA business with us. So I think that's important to remember. It's not in the 3 million number that we gave. In other words, the enterprise number of units is not represented within the 3 million. I wanted to just clarify that. I think people are finding more comfort with this Creative offering. And I think, honestly, our job as a company is to continue to demonstrate why this is the best offering. And that's what we are focused on. We have an attractive road map. I think in the middle of year you'll continue to see new innovations. And it is our job trying to not only move the entire install base but also to really look at the new customer acquisition, which continues to be an attractive opportunity for us.
Shantanu Narayen: It's a sizable increase, Jennifer. And the way I would describe it is, for each of the different product areas, as you know, we are about 20 product areas which moved to 6 solutions. For those who had originally transacted business with us through either an individual product or through one of the solutions, I think the upsell opportunity is still all headroom. For all of the new deals that we are providing, we're clearly messaging and trying to market the entire Creative Cloud offering, and that's where we're seeing these fairly sizable deals, some deals significantly higher than that. So we continue to think there's big opportunity in the marketing cloud, which is why we've talked about the 30% bookings. And it's a significant increase. I don't have the exact number year-over-year, but both the ETLA adoption by enterprises, as well as the million-dollar-plus deals in Digital Marketing by enterprises are significant uplifts over last year.
Shantanu Narayen: Heather, I think when I look at all of the different RFPs that we are participating in, all of the different deals that are in the pipeline, I can say with a lot of conviction that we aren't seeing one particular competitor in a number of the deals. So I think it's very clear that we are very uniquely positioned. And I think our biggest differentiation honestly in that space is both the lead that we have with the Web Experience Management or the Adobe Experience Manager solution, and the fact that we're the clear undisputed leaders with Adobe Analytics. As we've added all of the other solutions, it just I think adds to the lead and differentiation that we have. And we do see some of the point product solutions. But again, we think, like every other aspect of enterprise software, this is going to get consolidated, and we're the clear leaders in that particular space. And marketers are not going to stand for being the people who integrate all of these point product solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Brad, I think -- maybe from a few of the questions, the question is are we being a little conservative about the number that we have, I mean -- I think we're being, as Mark said, prudent about the number. I think the real goals on our part are to continue to make sure that across all of the geographies, the experience associated with people migrating from the perpetual or a licensing version of the product to the cloud is as seamless as possible, and people continue to see the benefits. We are systematically dealing with all of the concerns that people had on the cloud. With respect to pricing, we are offering new options for new customers. We're showing the value. And so I just think, again, in the overall context, this is so early in the space. I think we are very pleased with what we have. We have very high ambitions for how we continue to grow this business. But when we give our targets, we give it based on what we are seeing so far.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, when we look at the various offerings, I think the individual offering was the first one that we introduced. And I think it's fair to say that the most developed Internet-savvy countries are where we are seeing the greatest adoption. So North America is doing really well with it. The other places that you might expect, like the U.K., continue to do well. So on the individual side, I would say it's sort of following the level of Internet sophistication that exists and infrastructure, frankly, in each of these different places. Enterprise is doing very well right now. I think the enterprise customers see the benefits of all being on the same version of the product. And again, I would say while North America leads the pack, we're seeing more success in the enterprise space around the world. Team did really well. I think that was the third offering that we introduced and Team is also continuing to do. So I would say international continues to be an area of opportunity upside for us, and the developed Internet markets are doing quite well.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, we've said in the past that if you look at the licensing component of the perpetual business, 30%, 40% as sort of with different products, that was the nature of the percentage of what was being sold into the enterprise. I think we've also told you that some people who do what may have been considered Team are now doing Enterprise. But that hopefully gives you a ballpark estimate of what the overall opportunity is.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say it's small in the grand scheme of things, Mark. And I think if you look at the targets that Mark provided with respect to the 3 million subscriptions by the end of fiscal '14 and what we have as $1.85 billion in ARR, again, you can back into what we currently have in terms of expectations on those 2 separate customer segments.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me take those, Jay. I mean, I think with respect to Doc Services, if you look at the install base, you're right, the install base of people who bought Acrobat over the years is clearly very high. I think we've always mentioned that the Document Services customer segment is probably going to have the balance -- I mean, the ratio of perpetual to subscription continue to be lower than it will be for the Creative segment. And so I think that's what we're continuing to model. We're pleased with the new Document Services that we're providing. Services like EchoSign, as well as services like the ability for people to actually do things like create PDF or export PDF online. And so I think we've guided to $250 million in Document Services ARR. I think it's very healthy. We continue to focus on it. But I think it'll be a slower ramp in that particular space relative to Creative. When you look at the DPS side, DPS is doing well, and we saw the initial customer segment via the media and publisher segment. We're really focused a lot more on corporate. That was what we were trying to say in the prepared remarks. And the use cases for the corporate segment are so much more diverse and varied. Again, whether it's corporate magazines, catalogs, brochures, training material, educational material, mobile applications, there, Jay, tends to be a little bit more of, rather than on a per-download basis, it's just the ability for them to have a server-based environment for their entire enterprise. So there, we're not tracking as much of the digital downloads as we would for the traditional media and publishing customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, the Adobe Experienced Manager solution continues to do exceedingly well. I think the re-platforming of the web phenomenon is only accelerating and that everybody realizes they need a mobile-ready, tablet-ready personalized web infrastructure, and we have the best one on the market. So Adobe Experience Manager continues to do really well. With respect to the acceleration that we expect to see, I think a large part of that is driven by having the most comprehensive integrated offering. And I think that's where you're going to see Adobe place most of its emphasis on the marketing side. Certainly, in Neolane, Adobe Campaign now helps fill another void and helps us upsell within the enterprise to the chief marketing officer. But I think our confidence is based on having the most comprehensive integrated offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Phil, first for your comments on the quarter. I think as it relates to the marketing emphasis that we have, you're right. Multiple people are coming at it from the IT point of view, from the advertiser, as well as from the marketer. And we feel actually very good about what we have with respect to our current marketing offering. We will continue to also look at partnerships as a way to extend it. You mentioned SAP with Hybris. We have a great partnership with them. We think HANA is great technology that allows us to also integrate. But at this point, we feel like our offering is really very comprehensive. We have 2 new initiatives that we also have done. We've announced an audience manager, which is people enabling to start to think about what might happen in a cookie-less world; a media mix solution to think about what the optimal marketing spend should be. So I think there are so many areas for us to continue to extend our current offering. Extending into what would be more traditional IT-led areas or -- is not really an area of focus for us, just given how much expansion we have and the ability to partner with companies, like I said.
Shantanu Narayen: Again, I would say it's early. Yes, certainly, I think there's no question that our brand of Adobe put behind great technology, like what Neolane had, now part of Adobe Campaign, is going to enhance their opportunities. So I think there's no question around that. We are with some disruptive pricing that we've introduced. I think we're going to have a unique opportunity to upend that with the orchestration. So yes, we are in more RFPs than I think Neolane would have ever been. Neolane had a very strong presence in France. They really didn't have a much stronger presence outside there, and that's something that we can certainly bring to bear. If you look at all of our existing customer base, the blue chip list for all of our other solutions now represent a pipeline for us to go in. And so I think there is upside with respect to that opportunity for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, thank you all again. Thanks. And thank you all for joining us on the call. I think there's no question that Adobe is in better shape as we enter FY '14 based on the execution that we demonstrated last year. It's nice to see that we're ahead of the metrics we announced, not just the annual numbers we provided last year, but the analyst meeting in November 11 as well, when we started this transition. And we reflect that no company has gone through a transition of this magnitude. And for us to be ahead of our goals, I think demonstrates the value we're providing to our customers. And the confidence in both the strategy and our ability to execute, enables us to be optimistic about our growth prospects for the next 3 years. Thank you again for joining us today.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes. Thanks, Brent. Actually, we think that $2 a share in '15 and the $3 a share in '16 gives us the opportunity to invest in the business to have this growth that we've laid out be realistic. We think that gives us the room that we need to drive the business in both Digital Media and Digital Marketing. And you're right, the margin would imply in 2016 something in the 30s as you do your modeling. But again, we feel like that gives us enough opportunity to invest and do the land grab that we think is there in front of us.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, Ross. The way we're looking at it right now, we've said this I think several times, that we're trying to drive growth in ARR. And we're thrilled with the $910 million we did against our original target of $800 million. We're driving more growth. Promotions are clearly a part of that and are going to continue to be a part of that, but we're growing the business, if you look at ARR and revenue combined. And we really want to focus on that ARR number right now, not just on ARPU. It is down slightly. You're right. It's going to move around with product mix and with promotions, but it continues to be more than what we got under the old perpetual model. And right now, we're focused on moving the base and driving new users, and we do think there's a significant opportunity to raise ARPU over the longer term.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes. I don't think that's a fair compare to look at, and I might have to do this with you offline, Walter. But we do believe that, as you look at the growth in the Creative business, as we get into those out years, it's significantly above the growth that we would have had under the perpetual model back in 2007, certainly, 2007 to 2012 time frame.
Mark S. Garrett: So we haven't broken it out. One way to look at it though, is there's still -- the great majority of revenue in '13 is coming from perpetual, and the great majority of revenue in '14 will be coming from subscription-reported revenue. It's a complete shift from one to the other. The only thing I'd add is the back half of '14 has very little perpetual revenue left in it. And we really are, for the most part, out of the perpetual side of the revenue stream from a Creative perspective after the second quarter.
Mark S. Garrett: And I was going to say something similar, Kash, to the point on ARR. I mean, we're early in this transition. We've done, I think, a phenomenal job over the past 2 years of modeling this out, and we've just given you a lot of data for the next few years. We're trying to be prudent with what that guidance looks like. There's nothing unusual that we see from a discounting perspective that's going to happen in FY '14 that we haven't seen already in FY '13.
Mark S. Garrett: It's Mark. Yes, we don't break out the enterprise ETLA portion in terms of customer number. Some of those deals are, frankly, a little complicated in terms of the number of users and how enterprises might count them, so we don't look at it quite that way. I mean, you see the success in enterprise ETLAs through the ARR number, which you can kind of back into. And you also see it, frankly, in the deferred revenue number. I mean, a huge portion of that jump that you'd see in deferred revenue is coming from the enterprise ETLAs.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, sure, Mark. I mean, we're clearly selling more into the install base. I mean, we've said that we have the opportunity to drive more products per customer through the adoption of now the 6 solutions that we have, and that's been a big focus of ours. So there's still a very big opportunity to drive more usage of our 6 solutions within the install base and then continue to grow the install base as well. But -- I mean, there's a lot of headroom left to just sell into the existing install base.
Mark S. Garrett: The truth is, it's hard to get that data, specifically because we don't survey people to bog down the sign-up process. We're confident we're attracting new users, but it's very hard to quantify exactly what that is. But we are very confident we're attracting new users.
