Shantanu Narayen: Happy to do that, Alex. So first on your DME question, as it related to the ARR. Overall, we were pleased and I think it really speaks to the strength of our DDOM and the insights that we get associated with the business.  I think going into the quarter, we had expected that the consumer with a little bit more return to normalcy as what's happening in the environment. Now, this may have been a little prior to the Delta Variant that we expected travel to increase and therefore, as a result, as summer seasonality and summer holidays was really sort of a two-year time off from what they had to do.  So as expected, we saw a little bit of less web traffic on that particular front. The SMB was a highlight for us. SMB, which was impacted a little bit more we're continuing to see strengths associated with the SMB.  And to your point about the guide I mean, I think our optimism and the relevance of our products and what's happening with digital as a tailwind really leads us to guide as you pointed out to 550, which would be the largest ever guide that we've given for a Q4.  And if you take a step back relative to the approximately 1750 ARR guide that we had given at the beginning of the year, or the 1.8 billion that we've given in March we're going to exceed easily all of those numbers. So, as it relates to individual categories, imaging continues to do really well, video continues to do well, the Acrobat business, which is reflected both in the Creative Cloud, and the Document Cloud is doing well. MAX is going to be exciting.  So, net-net, I would say that the growth prospects for that particular business and the growth drivers remain intact. But again, very much in line. And this is what we feel good about the insights that we're getting on the business.  So that's to answer your question on DME. And again, remember, we have a seasonally strong quarter, in Q4 for DME, the enterprise deals tend to be a Q4. We also see education start to ramp up in Q4 so that hopefully gives you some color as to what happened in Q3. And what we expect in Q4. And on the DX side to your second question, really pleased with what we saw in the adoption of the Adobe Experience Platform and the applications on top of that, the Adobe Journey optimizer, the customer journey analytics, continued to see strength.  I think we're very unique and differentiated in the platform that we have the real-time nature of what we're doing with personalization. And again there, I think if last year there was a lot of interest in that particular digital transformation and customer experience management. I think people recognize that this needs to be an enterprise spend priority for all of the businesses irrespective of size, which is why both in terms of Q3 performance as well as the Q4 targets, we continue to think that digital experience will also do well. So hopefully that gives you color on both Alex.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Kirk and at the end of the day, I think the macro trend that everybody is finding is that a digital presence and commerce and data and insights and analytics is absolutely table stakes for anybody doing business. And so, I think everybody started with a website. Everybody started with the analytics.  But I think where we've delivered the Adobe Experience platform and what we're talking about our personalization, I think that's a key differentiator and whether you're a B2B company or a B2C company, you just have to invest in this particular business and I think the team has done a particularly good job both of messaging and different industries, the healthcare industry, for example, continues to do well and there's more interest associated with that. The consumer businesses are starting to see a little bit of a comeback as there's a little bit more normalcy and so a lot of them -- we're going after existing customers.  We're going after new logos and selling more, but I would say it's the strength of the Experience platform, the ability to have these profiles, the behavioral data they were collecting in real-time. The marketing message associated with telling them that they really need to focus on getting their first-party data to be an asset that they could put on their balance sheet. And the nature of what's happening with digital commerce. I think all of those are trends and then we win the deals, because of the strength of our offering and the fact that we're a really pure play marketing that is significantly differentiated relative to anybody else.
Shantanu Narayen: Hi, it's a great question, Gregg. And then maybe as I had responded to Kirk as well, I should have talked about the big thing that we're hearing from our customers in that space, Gregg, is they have more and more campaigns. They want to do agility of the campaigns.  These are global and how do they not only have an integrated suite of products, but how do they get the workflow to be more efficient, especially as you're all working in a hybrid, or working from the home environment. So Workfront is definitely helping us, it's helping us with existing customers, it's helping us with deal sizes.  And in many ways, it's the glue both to enable, if you have people, technology, and processes, it's helping with the processes part. But the promise of what we've also said there in terms of this pioneering marketing system of record, that's another area for the interest. And I think this was always a great Company.  I think they were looking to become more general purpose. I think what Anil and the team have done, or really focusing on marketing workflows and solving it for all of the different personas. That's definitely resonating, but all of the large deals that we do Workfront’s, definitely a part of the interest and a part of the bill of materials associated with that.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Keith, I actually think there were three questions in that, so let me parse each one of the first, I think as it relates to Workfront, we're very clearly targeting a need that exists and we had originally, I think said something like Workfront will do a 140. You're a 150 million in revenue for FY 21.  And then I think we've said that it's on track to significantly beat that and that continues to be the case. As we do these larger deals, Keith, we don't breakout Workfront. And so that's the way we think about the business. But Workfront is definitely appealing to that. Your second question as it relates to two Frame.io. Uh, no, it is not in the ARR (ph.) guide.  I mean clearly until we close the deal, we would not. And so, when that happens, as we said, we expect that to happen in Q4. We'll certainly update you on what happens as it relates to the frame. But we're excited about that and your third question as it relates to collaboration as a team, it's part of what we've been talking about for a while. If you remember what we've done with XD in terms of being able to do live editing.  I think what we've done with the multi-surface applications, where our applications run on mobile devices, or iPads, or tablets, as well as desktops, is just one of those teams that people are working from different locations. People are increasingly working with people, and so I think we have the ability to really provide value for our existing customers and attract new customers. I think with a frame, in particular, we're excited because it expands dramatically.  The potential of the number of people who will become participants in the video workflow. And if they become, I hope you like the videos that we placed at the beginning of the earnings call and it's -- all of that stuff is being done remotely. We're pleased. And as you know, we are always portfolio Keith about the acquisitions and making sure it's a case where we can bring significant value both to our shareholders and to our customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well said, John, and maybe the only other thing I would add is that in I - certainly, I think when you look at some of the TENEO facilities expenses, it's a little lock efficient in terms of what's happening on expenses.  But our big position is when you have a 100 and plus billion-dollar addressable market, I think driving profitable growth is where we're focused on, which is why I think John also referred to we continue to be in the market to hire talent, to make sure that we can continue to address all the market opportunities that we have. And so, where folks, just don't drive profitable growth.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Jay, first I think as it relates to your question around the integration between the clouds, as you know, first, let's even talk about Acrobat, right? Because so much of the Acrobat business is reflected both in Creative Cloud and Document Cloud and so that's one very tangible example of how. We've integrated the clouds.  I think taking a step back, the area that I would say is of most interest to customers right now is what we have referred to in the past also as content velocity, which is people are creating more digital assets.  They're spending more on content and how they both ensured that all of that content seamlessly is distributed, whether it's a marketing campaign, whether it's something that goes on a mobile application, whether it's something that goes on the website.  And so, I think that's the hard problem that we've been able to help facilitate for our customers, which is creating all of this content and making sure that it's -- the delivery is accelerated through marketing campaigns is an area of real integration between DME, as well as Dx. And where that shows up also in the revenue is the continued growth of M and M assets, specifically because that's where the assets are really flowing between these two solutions.  So hopefully that gives you a little bit of the flavor. I think to the earlier questions that Gregg and Kurt had asked. I mean, it is also on the workflow, that's when people are looking at it and saying, wow, if my freelancers have created content, how's that now being reflected in the DX. So that's what I would answer your first question.  I think as it relates to the DX use cases, and we should certainly do an update, it's increased very dramatically. And the ones that I would say maybe as a highlight is the B2B use cases, the number of large B2B companies that are coming to us and saying, ''Hey, we recognize that whether it's for lead generation, whether it's for identification of customers, whether it's for even doing commerce, that's been a fairly big driver. '' I would say regulated industries, which if the original push around customer experience management was B2C, and consumer-base companies. Now I think you're seeing way more of those workflows and use cases and in regulated industries, so that's another one that I would do.  I would say the global aspect of this, which is you have companies. Whether you're an automotive Company, or you're a fast-food Company and you want to do this Globally, I think that's a use-case that we've seen a fairly dramatic increase, but so hopefully that gives you one. And then this is where the partner ecosystem candidly also is driving so much more.  And so, the partner ecosystem is also building a lot of their value-added solutions on top of our horizontal platform. So-net I would say doesn't matter what business you are, what size you are. Part of DX is relevant to what you need to do in order to engage with your customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Ken? It's a very important area of expansion for us. I mean, I think the Creative has always been a segment that looks to us to deliver mission-critical products that enable them to make a livelihood. But the halo effect of that, when you look at what we talked about at our analyst meetings and you know, how big is communicated business already is as well as the outreach of that even into the consumer business. But stay tuned on that front.  I think as we talk about our product roadmap and the excitement that we have to fulfill this vision of creativity for all and target a broader and broader and broader set of customers with some great solutions using our artificial intelligence and Sensei technology, we have some very exciting things underway. That will start to be served to customers. So, we're very excited about that opportunity, it's a big opportunity. It's already a big business for us.  I mean, when we talk about the fact that we're adding over 0.5 billion of net new ARR as our expectation for Q4. A portion of that is also going to what you would call communicators or prosumers. And we're going to be delivering more and more really phenomenal products, targeted at that customer segment.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Kash, I mean, as it relates to your first question around video, I think we've been signaling for a while that video is really one of the exciting expansion opportunities for us and that's really played out. It's played out from the products that we've delivered.  Premier and after effects continuing to be the leaders in that category, sadly Photoshop and illustrator used a lot. But if you look at what's happening with all these streaming plus services, right? I mean, there isn't a Company that isn't delivering streaming plus service.  And so, I think the insatiable demand for video among consumers is only requiring more and more companies to have these streaming services and deliver more genre as it relates to video. All of that works right now, I mean, we talked a little bit about what we're doing as a partnership with Netflix as well.  All of that is happening now with people in different locations through a collaborative process. So anytime you can take a creative. idea and make that happen quicker, faster to the right audience. That's only going to be incredibly valuable to our customers. And so, I think that trend is only going to continue. And so, we feel really good about what's happening in that particular space with the video frame, we used to use frame-up.  A bunch in the production of our own videos and it's been exciting as we've talked to different people who after the acquisition of frame have come and said; Hey, Adobe, that's such a great product, but we think we can do more with it. So, I think that gives us a lot of optimism around whether it's the scriptwriter, whether it's, the reviewer of that, whether it's a creative agency, just being able to or all the corporate videos that's being done. And so certainly, I think as you add that as enterprise product as well, you can certainly get a lot more TAM associated with it. We will update our TAM's cash as we typically do.  I think Jonathan referred or will talk about how we do our Q4 as well as our 2022. And we'll talk to you about terms on that front, but really excited about that. I think the external partnerships that exist for the frame and how it's plugged in, not just to the Adobe solutions, but other solutions are also an area of strength.  And I think to your second question around shopping and online when we look at our DX business and the success that we had in Q3. I mean, a big part of that is more and more companies are thirdly doing the multi-channel omnichannel, whatever they want to call it.  And I think that's only going to continue to be a driver of our Digital Experience Solutions. Because today that stable stakes and so we just look at it and say whether you're shopping in-store over they are shopping online. You need a solution that treats you like a customer that we know of.  And so, I think that's going to only be an imperative for companies. I mean, one thing we should have probably talked about also is if you look at our Q3 results. I mean, there were stronger than what we had said. There were a couple of non-recurring items as part of that and some of that actually had to do with usage in commerce. And so, we are seeing that usage also ramp up.  So, I just wanted to get that. Also, are there as we talked about shopping online and shopping in a store. And in terms of the demand for our DME solutions, we expect as -- as we said, the seasonal Q4 will be the strength and as education comes back and there's more and more end of the quarter activity, not just within the Adobe, but all companies. That's going to lead to increased demand and acceleration.
Shantanu Narayen: To your point, I think the public sector has always been an important part, but I think it's just the amount of content that people are creating is increasing. And when the amount of content that people are creating, then content management becomes an important issue. Workflow becomes an important issue. And the standardization of the products.  And one of the things we did really well is what we called our named user deployment and how, you know, when we have these enterprise licensing agreements, we offer enterprises the ability to download and distribute within the companies. And the more we do training and evangelism of the products, that leads to adoption. So, I would say there's an element of standardization, there's an element of more content.  I mean, even if you're a public sector Company right now, I mean, what you transact online is becoming dramatically greater than it's ever been because the physical presence is seeing cutback as a result of what's happened in the pandemic. I think all of those are macro trends that are going to continue, but we've also done a really good job of actively making sure we evangelize what these solutions are.  Good fall, we do more training within these enterprises. We allow these named user deployments, as I said, with ten leads to true. Well, ups and the ability to get them into a higher band. So, I think the execution on the sales front associated with going into these enterprises, that's getting better and better.
Shantanu Narayen: It clearly has been a push for us, Brad, in terms of, you know, what we're doing, which is how do we sell the entire suite offering? And I think every year we give you an update on how. That is actually indeed, how we are selling it.  And so, from our perspective, the marketing stack, what's completely unique about us, is the data and insights that we're getting, the ability to do commerce, and the digital presence. I think as it relates to customers, we have 60 waivers unique and I think we're years ahead of it. Any other large Company that has space is this real-time nature of what we've delivered, it's scalable, we've got billions of profiles.  And so, I think a lot of other companies are talking about how they take something that may be in the record somewhere and do things with it. But for us, it's the activation of that data. And that's where I think most people are really excited about what Adobe has to offer.  And the other thing that I think is really happened, is people recognize that they have to get control of their first-party data. I think a lot of interest used to exist about customer acquisition and third-party data. But I think right. Now it's about dupi have even control of our first-party data.  Do we have control of our behavior? And what is happening on multiple channels? And the fact that that can be very easily answered as it relates to what we have done with the Adobe Experience Platform. Last but not least. I mean, remember we're the only Company that can go in. And say, hey, we have a B2B business and a B2C business.  And when we talk about how we're using this in terms of the playbook on Adobe.com, I think that really opens up a lot of people's ideas as to how they can use this and utilize it. And so, I think the playbook that we delivered for D dom earlier this year and how we talk about what they can do. I think that's what -- that really resonates with customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Brian, I think what really drove that revenue was both subscriptions as well as the services. As you know, the services, were again, really reliant on a large partner ecosystem. But if over the last 18 months. As we've always talked about, the interest is high. How they are all implementing it.  And so as they continue to implement it, and as they continue to say, we need to invest in these solutions, I think that's driving it, and I think to your point, if you take a step back, we -- I think guided to something like 19% revenue at the beginning of the year, and 22% in subscriptions, we had increased that in March, 22023 respectively, and we just posted 2629 and so and if you look at it for Q4 as well as you point out with the large comps, we continue to be excited about that opportunity.  So, I think there is. This is a front-end center, it's an enterprise priority. And I think since people are staying, we've got to deal with this new reality, there's no time to waste in terms of implementing it.  Again, there were, as we said, a couple of non-recurring items. some of those had to do with usage in commerce and that actually is also indicative that maybe a little bit more depends on the quarter, but it's up to the right as far as we're concerned in terms of the business opportunity in the business.
Shantanu Narayen: And overall, since that was the last question, I mean, again, I think we were really pleased with our performance in Q3. We do expect a strong end of the year for our business.  As you saw from our targets, it's clear that your win, this unique position that we have three large growth opportunities ahead of us and we're executing well against all three of those and the innovation and the roadmap that exists across all three of those clouds just gives us continued optimism that we will serve our customers well and we feel fortunate.  I think the future of work and the fact that it's more hybrid will only continue to emphasize digital as a priority for companies of every size. And so, whether that's an increase in content for personalization, whether that's more automation of digital documents, and whether that's every business thing we need to understand how to do customer experience management.  I believe Adobe is very unique. We position to drive those particular macroeconomic trends. But thank you for joining us today, we look forward to the max, as well as the Q4 earnings call. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jonathan.
John Murphy: Yeah, that'd be great. Yeah. You're right. The margins at 46% this quarter we had indicated that with the more of a reopening across different regions, we would start to see our facilities come online, or business. travel, and come back and certainly continue our hiring ramps with the Delta Variant probably slowed that down a little bit.  And so that contributed to the margin expansion you saw in Q3. But the overall was an outstanding quarter for older businesses. and what it says, the long road, the path to margin expansion is really to revenue growth given the leverage in our mode and after the contributions from the revenue performance with quarter continued expense and things, I just talked about that contributed overall to the performance.  But we expect those expenses to come back in a Phase reentering out maybe a little slower than we originally thought when we talked about the second half, but that being said, when I think about our original targets in December, its implied margin expansion. When we did our updated targets in Q1, it was an even larger margin expansion from what we saw.  But we're executing against these huge March opportunities, and we'll continue to do that with an eye and I continued top-line growth, such as areas of [Indiscernible] you touched on, which is 3D and immersive Adobe Experience Platform, sign stock mobile, all of that.
John Murphy: When we look -- think about the situation we've been in the pandemic and the need for more paper to digital transformation that's impacting, not just enterprises and institutions that have obviously you've seen great growth in, but individuals as well as they're engaging with the services that they use.  As we said, I think when you look at the individual offerings that we have across Creative and Document Cloud, we just saw a little bit lower-traffic there, but that's associated where we believe with individuals enjoying our holidays and its pretty indicative using our own Adobe Digital Index data. That's. So, the gyms a lot over the highest travel months in two years.  So that seasonality is hitting it a little bit, but again, we've got such a strong presence in both institutions, education, all the governments, and enterprises on Document Cloud that we still see great growth and strengthening. It's demonstrated and just the continued growth to that business, which is our fastest-growing business right now.
John Murphy: Yes. No. I mean, we -- well, certainly, yeah. You're going to see strength in ELA as [Indiscernible] and I spoke of in terms of Q4, just to see the expansion in Q3 as well. But we still migrate basic customers as well. So ARR is still going to be important for us and where you want to drive more ARR. I think those strengthen our growth, frankly, over the last -- over a year really has been really impressive.  It's always going to give us this opportunity, to drive healthy subscription growth. But LA is not going to give us outsized revenue in Q4, it's going to be a sizable contribution, but we're driving subscriptions and that's, that's a strategy. And we do still have customers that buy perpetual, and so it will be some fluctuations in that.
John Murphy: Yeah, no problem. Just going to just kind of over the top on Brent's question on seasonality-related commerce, of course, in Q4 as a strong commerce quarter anyway. Given the holidays, spending trend. And so, we're excited about the opportunity there as well, it's just trying to set us up into the right, I think we have great momentum.
