Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Last year, we outlined a strategy to reinvent the company to accelerate growth and capitalize on industry and technology trends. We've reimagined our Creative software franchise as an ever-changing, innovative services offering to drive new customer adoption, increase customer relevance and accelerate growth. We expect to end the year with 325,000 paid subscriptions and over $140 million in annualized recurring revenue. This will be an incredible accomplishment for our Creative Cloud business in just 7 months. We've created a brand-new Digital Marketing business in the last 3 years and established ourselves as the leader in an explosive market category. By driving 40% year-over-year Digital Marketing Suite revenue growth in Q3, we're on pace to build a high-growth and cloud-based $1 billion business. Through these actions, we've galvanized our employees and made ourselves more mission critical to our customers and eliminated the risk of standing still. Our results demonstrate our strategy has put us on a path to accelerated growth. Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Brent. I mean, overall, the -- as you said, the Digital Marketing business is actually doing really well. At the beginning of the year, we had outlined that we would grow both revenue and bookings, and we are seeing solid growth in both of those categories. And I would say our clear differentiation is the fact that we have both the leading data platform right now with the acquisition that we made of Day and the leading analytics product. And so we really don't see a number of competitors right now in that particular space because of our most comprehensive offering and the fact that when you have the data in our platform and the analytics, there really isn't anybody who can close the loop as effectively as we can. So pipeline looks really good. The awareness of our offerings is certainly increasing. I think you'll see us get more awareness as well in the market. But we continue to be really bullish not only about the organic business but also new products like Adobe Social and Adobe AdLens, which was the acquisition of Efficient Frontier.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Why don't I take that? And maybe I'll give you just some overall thoughts as we reflect the performance of both Creative Cloud and CS6 over the last 7 months because, as Mark outlined, we really have to look at it as the sum of what we are seeing in the perpetual business as well as what we are seeing in subscriptions. So let me start off by saying when you look at it combined, we're actually seeing accelerated growth this year with the release of Creative Cloud and CS6, which clearly means that it's not only a healthy business, but we are continuing to innovate against our customers. A couple of other thoughts. When you think about Creative Cloud, it's really important to remember that the initial offering was primarily focused on individuals. We're clearly attracting a new set of customers to Adobe, which was important. And we're really innovating very effectively as we transition our teams to take advantage of cloud delivery. And as we deliver more and more enhancements that are exclusive to Creative Cloud members, as we get the team offering out later this year as well as the enterprise offering, we actually think that, that accelerates adoption and, therefore, as you look at the business in aggregate, accelerates growth for the overall business. In particular, I would say enterprises are also really excited about what they can do with the combination of Creative Cloud on the desktop and our Digital Marketing Solutions and Digital Publishing Suite on the server. So the business, any way you cut it, is very healthy.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, again, we continue to think that the unit growth that we expected in 2012, 10% unit growth, we're on track to get that. And frankly, we are seeing adoption in both the categories that you identified, namely new users as well as more and more users as they see the steady pace of innovation clearly understand that the Creative Cloud is the better option moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: Two things, Walter, that give us confidence. The first is even when you see the mix of the business today, there are certainly a number of subscribers who have taken the introductory pricing, but we're also attracting a number of customers to the $49.99 offering. In fact, I think Mark mentioned in his prepared comments that when you look at the people who are adopting the list price, it's new customers, and they're adopting at approximately 40%. So that gives us confidence. I mean, certainly, when we see all the innovation that we're putting in there, I think that will also -- the feedback is really quite positive. So there's a lot of research that we've done in data that demonstrates that it is sticky value, that there's additional value that we're demonstrating.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Walter. So first, let me specify that the combination of customers that we have in the team offering and in the enterprise offering as a percentage of the total market opportunity, it's huge. So again, as you see the success of Creative Cloud, you have to put in context that, that's happening only for individuals. With respect to the team offering, we certainly expect the channel to be a good partner in helping us get the word out when the offering is released later in November, and everything is under way in terms of the offering there. For the enterprise, the 2 aspects of what we have to do. The first is, like other companies that have done this in the past, we will transition to a term offering, which really reflect that. Again, within the enterprise, it's going to be sticky, and we expect customers to stay current. And Matt has built a really effective sales organization today that's actually selling enterprise license that's recognized perpetual. And what we will be doing is we will be transitioning that sales force to sell this Creative Cloud offering. In fact, the customers are already asking us. Because they hear us talk as much about the Creative Cloud, they want to know how they can do that same content life cycle within the enterprise. And that's, frankly, where the content management of our digital marketing offering as well as Digital Publishing Suite are just a natural complement. So we feel pretty confident about that.
Shantanu Narayen: Again, when we look at it in aggregate, we said that we expect to see the 10% growth in 2012. So it is tracking in line with our expectations.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, let me just say one thing -- let me just add one point to, I think, all of those data. It was really important as we had this call that we gave you some insight, as Mark said, in the data that we're seeing in Q2 and Q3. I would also make sure that everybody knows that some of this will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. The underlying trends are really positive, and so as you think about the average revenue per user, as you think about the number of subscribers on the full versus the individual point products, again, we're pleased, and all of these have exceeded our expectations. But I think it's important to set the context that in the -- as team gets introduced, as enterprise gets introduced, we will all see some fluctuation.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Ross, as it relates to the team offering, there's some functionality that's actually exclusive to a team to enable them to collaborate more effectively on whatever piece of content that they are doing. So as it relates to storage for a team, as it relates to how they can have group folders that they are sharing, as it relates to all of the products that we'll be offering, clearly the digital asset management functionality that we will provide and administration, we clearly believe that there's more value associated with that with teams, and it'll make the entire team more productive. And the same thing is true, frankly, in the enterprise. If you think about every marketing department in an enterprise having a common repository for all of this content, enabling them to put it out on the web, enabling them to create it within app stores, enabling them to monetize it. And so we really believe that the value towards teams and enterprises is larger than individual freelancers. And I think the pricing and go-to-market will reflect that.
Shantanu Narayen: And to give you maybe a little bit more color, certainly the sales and marketing expense as these people are increasing on our platform, the cost associated with the physical goods that get put in the channel are also clearly areas for us to improve the operating expense on. And as Mark said, this will be somewhat offset by people logging in by the storage capabilities. And so as we've modeled it, as Mark said, we continue to think it'll be a very profitable business.
Shantanu Narayen: And so, Jay, if you think about it from an annual perspective, it's clear that based on the math, you have approximately 3 million units that are sort of shipped per year. And what you've seen with the release of the Creative Cloud for just individuals is we've seen fairly good adoption, 325,000 expected by the end of the year. We certainly expect all of this stuff to accelerate when we get the team offerings out as well as when we get the enterprise offerings out. And people will increasingly see that the future of the Creative offering is part of the cloud. In terms of the adoption, which was your first question, by geography, I would say it's pretty similar to perpetual. The large markets that we have, the U.S., in Europe, Germany and the U.K. and Japan, we're seeing adoption in both the perpetual products with CS6 as well as with the cloud. So nothing really stands out in terms of a difference in adoption by geography.
Shantanu Narayen: I think you're seeing 2 shifts, honestly, Jay. The first shift is that the business is moving more online and moving directly to Adobe, whether that's by virtue of the fact that they're buying in the store or, frankly, increasingly buying through ESDs so that they get immediate delivery of the software. So that trend continues. In addition to that, as Mark said, when we look at subscriptions, the primary purchase vehicle for individuals for the subscription is directly through us, through Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we continue to see a fairly steady adoption of the cloud. I think you're seeing a lot of people get a free membership. They're converting at a higher rate. You're seeing new subscribers. So I would say as people get more and more familiar with the offering, we're certainly seeing accelerated adoption. And so we continue to be excited about that adoption.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, there are 2 parts to what we offer as part of free membership. The first is we recognize that creative professionals work in groups. And so the ability to share their files and their content with other people has always been a really important value proposition to the customers. So one of the things that you can do allows you to have access to all of this content and some minimal storage. For years, Adobe has also been offering trial versions of our software. We certainly, with those old trial versions, didn't necessarily have access to the mail ID of these customers, and we didn't know all of that. We're moving that from a trial subscription to a free membership. So the people who have signed up for free membership also get the same benefits that you would have got in the past with trial downloads, namely access to the software for a month. But now we actually do have access to that subscriber's information.
Shantanu Narayen: I'm not sure I follow that question. I mean, we are certainly seeing a higher rate of conversion from the people who are members and who are trial -- using our software to fully paid members.
Shantanu Narayen: So I just wanted to thank everybody again for joining us today. And maybe as a quick summary, we're clearly executing against the 2 growth strategies we outlined in both Digital Media and Marketing. In Digital Media, the Creative Cloud is exceeding our expectations, and, as we thought it would, it's attracting a new set of customers. So clearly, our goal and strategy is to accelerate delivery of the Creative Cloud across all of the different customer segments and accelerate adoption, both in Q4 as well as in fiscal '13. And we think it's really important for you, as you look at the health of that business, to look at the combination of both reported revenue as well as the annualized recurring revenue. And in Digital Marketing, the business is doing really well, both revenue as well as bookings. It's clearly an explosive new category. And we do think that we are uniquely positioned to win, given both our history in the marketing departments within enterprise as well as the comprehensive product strategy that we have with both our data and analytics platform. And I don't think there's any other company that can deliver that last millisecond of content delivery based on information as well as Adobe. So thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to catching up with you at our next earnings call.
Mark Garrett: The short answer is you should consider buybacks and M&A as the primary use right now. Keep in mind our cash runs a good 75% offshore. At any point in time, that varies, and it makes it a bit difficult to do a dividend, although we will continue to look at it.
Mark Garrett: So yes, again, I think as Shantanu said, this is Mark, and as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, you have to view the Creative Cloud health as a combination of what we report in revenue and this annualized recurring revenue metric that we're going to give you every quarter. We really continue to believe, as you see this year, that Creative is a growth business. And as we focus on transitioning the business to subscription, we're clearly going to be focused on building up that annualized recurring revenue balance. So in 2013, as a result of acceleration in this annualized recurring revenue, the combination of the 2 businesses, if you will, the revenue and the annualized recurring revenue, will grow, but the reported revenue in 2013 will decline because we're moving so quickly. And then when you get beyond 2013, so starting in 2014, we believe that you will see growth in reported revenue and accelerated growth in the total business. So we're really pushing this fast, and when we push it really fast, you'll see a dip in 2013 reported revenue. But in 2014 and beyond, you'll see accelerated growth in the total business.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Ross, so if you look at the number of people that are buying the full Creative Suite versus, say, the point products, in Q2, 70% of them were buying the promotion price. And in Q3, it's roughly the same, it's 67%. So it's been pretty consistent at about 70% of the people buying the full Creative Suite or buying through the promotion.
Mark Garrett: From a pure product shift going from perpetual to subscription, the margin difference really isn't that great, because this is not yet a hosted offering. It's just an ability to store and sync and share in the cloud, and then you, in essence, download the product to your desktop and you get the power of your desktop by using it on your desktop. So apples to apples, perpetual product to subscription product, the margins are not that terribly different.
Mark Garrett: Jay, I think what you're referring to is related to the launch. So when we launched the product, CS6, you've got a lot of people that jumped on the point products, you've got a lot of people that upgrade. And as a result of that, you have a slightly lower ASP in that initial launch period. There's nothing material going on in the perpetual product from an ASP perspective that I would identify as a trend.
Mark Garrett: Not necessarily. What I said is 97% of the subscriptions right now are being bought on adobe.com, but that doesn't mean that those people would have bought perpetual, necessarily, from adobe.com. They could have bought perpetual anywhere.
Mark Garrett: No, it's actually the other direction. The impact on perpetual, because these are people that are buying in volume, are going to pay less than the average individual that's buying perpetual today at $750. So the $750 that I used as a surrogate for how much revenue is moving from perpetual would actually come down as you move into team and enterprise, because they're going to pay less, if you will, per seat than an individual will. I can't give you a number for that. Education ultimately is going to impact that as well. I can't give you a number for that today. It's going to be -- it's going to depend on what the mix is that we see in subscriptions, and that mix will get reflected in what we'll use for that corollary to $750.
Mark Garrett: Yes. It's, for the most part, coming from the cloud adoption. That was one of the big goals for us with the cloud, was to attract those new users given a lower price point for entry and given the constant innovation that they're going to receive.
Mark Garrett: I'll spend more time on that when we go through guidance in December when I have a little bit more concrete numbers for you on 2013. But generally, cash flow, it, of course, tracks fairly closely with revenue. We are invoicing customers on a monthly basis with the subscription model, so we get that constant cash flow coming in versus that, say, $750 up front when they buy perpetual. But that gets normalized relatively quickly, especially as we get through 2013, like I said, and you get past this transition period and you start to accelerate growth. So in the longer run, I don't see a change to cash flow from our business.
