Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, I’ll take that. I think, as we look at Digital Media, as you pointed out, ARR was again strong across all different segments. Retention continues to be in line with expect. Acrobat Perpetual had a good quarter. So, Acrobat, as it related to both licensing and perpetual was strong as well as Stock. So, I think across the board we continue to focus on converting ARR to revenue.
Shantanu Narayen: Alex, big picture, I think we’re very pleased with our performance in the Experience business. I think, the metric that we look at a lot was the subscription revenue growth. If you look at the subscription revenue growth in the quarter, that was 24% year-over-year. I think in the prepared remarks we said, it was across the Marketing Cloud, Analytics Cloud as well as the Advertising Cloud. Again, digital transformation is front and center as an imperative for every single organization. Without a doubt, we have the clear leadership position in that. The value proposition is very unique. We’re getting larger deals. We’ve talked about the multi-solution opportunities that we have. I would say, particularly in the quarter as well, with the two summits that we organized and the interest that we have in summits, as closing opportunities for us. And last but not least, partnership with Microsoft where we’re jointly going in and engaging with customers at higher levels. So, I’d just point to continued leadership on the product and vision side and focus on execution in the quarter.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, in terms of overall, as you know, Brent, we do not update our full year guidance. At this point, we’re coming into what has been the Q3 seasonal quarter in Europe. But, the interest and the excitement or aspirations haven’t diminished in any way. As you point out, it was a strong quarter. We have with Magento even more of a comprehensive offering and so, particularly remain excited. But it’s -- I won’t read anything into it except for the fact that we -- we did touch on the fact that Q4 will continue to be seasonally strong. So, should proceed as expected.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe just adding color, Brent, on that as it relates to the enterprise licensing, nothing has changed, as we see enterprise licensing, we’re certainly seeing good adoption of the full offering from the customized versions that we had said. As it relates to the price, since you asked that question, we always expected it to be marginal in terms of the impact associated with that. We’re pleased with what we have seen so far in terms of whether it’s people buying new subscriptions or renewal, where people see the price increase, I think that is very much in line with the additional value that we provided. So, on Digital Media, we continue to be excited about the opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Jennifer, I think globally, when we look at the demand for the creative solutions and specifically the cloud offerings, I think we’ve stated that Japan and Germany and the other emerging markets were phase shifted from the United States and Australia where we first introduced the offerings on the learnings that we’ve had about how to acquire customers and convert them whether they be new customers to the platform or as you point out former pirates. We have certainly learnt from that. We continue to think that the differential pricing that we have in countries like China as well as Southeast Asia is helping us. There is more creativity in those markets. So, Japan and Germany net-net continue to be good areas of growth for us moving forward. The emerging markets, both the piracy as well as the attractive upfront pricing are reasons why people are adopting the platform.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think, Brad, it’s early. I would actually point to the learnings that we’ve had from the foreign exchange changes that have happened in other countries and as a result of that what we have done with respect to pricing. Our strategy continues to be how do we get more and more people on the platform. And so you know, we continue to attract new customers with attractive pricing. And during the first year, the more engagement that we have with them, the more they are likely to add the standard pricing continue in renewal. And so, renewal continues to be an area of focus for us. And again, the goal for us right now is attracting new customers to the platform. Everything we’ve done with respect to price changes has not impacted retention. And so, we continue to focus on that blend, if that makes sense.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Saket. I mean, I think, despite the fact that we already had integrations with commerce systems, we had clear ask from our customers for a complete Adobe solution from content creation to delivery to analytics and now all the way out to commerce. What we are particularly excited about is the investment that we’ve made in the Adobe Cloud platform provides a clear architecture and a playbook for us to integrate new acquisitions like Magento, seamlessly. We were attracted by a few things when we looked at Magento, great people, great technology. But I think what’s unique was that they targeted both digital and physical goods as well as B2B and B2C in terms of the customer segments. And Mark, who is their CEO, did a great job of leading them after they transitioned out of eBay. While their traditional strength has been in the mid market and departments or single geographies where large enterprises use them for commerce in one geography and then translate it, I think that will continue to be an area of good opportunity for us. And what we will bring to that is the enterprise relationships that we have with larger enterprise. So, like all our acquisitions, we look at it from the point of view of can we accelerate their growth, does it fill out our offering that we have a unique and differentiated solution. And the good news was, Magento, I think checked all of those boxes. And so, we’re excited about it, as we said, hopefully it closes next week. And we’ve given you some transparency into the size of their business.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Mark, I think from our point of view, we just want a very comprehensive solution. When you go into a retail customer, for example with Digital Experience who is making available for sale physical goods, we say, yes, we have the ability for you to transact and finalize your sale for physical goods that’s shipping. That doesn’t mean that we are in shipping our sales, but the ability to have that inventory, the building materials, the payment methods is clearly an advantage in terms of them taking non-digital way of transacting commerce and converting it to commerce. What’s also nice about them is for people who want to do rooms or airline reservations or other digital ways of transacting business, the same solution scales from physical goods to digital goods. Things like subscription, what Adobe offers. I think, we would all acknowledge that more and more companies want to get to a subscription mechanism. And so, I think, I would look at it more as a comprehensive way of dealing with anything that needs to be transacted online, whether the end result was a physical good or digital good or subscription, being able to have a comprehensive offering across B2B and B2C is really helpful. And what I mean by B2B is you might have companies whether they’re consumer goods companies or companies that are actually shipping to other retailers who also want to use this to transact business electronically. So, that’s what’s exciting for us about what Magento offers.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Ross. Again, when we look at the ARR accomplishment and entire Digital Media performance in the first half, it’s very clear that we continue to have momentum across all of the various offerings, as well as geographies. I think, if you look at our Q3, and then I’ll get to the picture, we do expect Q3 is seasonally weak. And we’ve said that we expect the traditional strength in Q4. One of the things that we are discontinuing to monitor in Q3 is what’s happened with GDPR and the recent privacy law changes is that everybody who is doing business online in Europe, will have to make sure that GDPR is not sort of just the checklist item but a new ways of doing business which requires people to tailor their digital marketing. We were ready with that on May 25th. We just want to continue to monitor that as we transact business online. We are best-in-class both for ourselves as well as for the service that we deliver for our customers. And so, we look at the 310 million target for ARR; it’s the highest we’ve actually had in Q3 for Digital Media. To your point, it should result in record ARR addition in this business for FY18. But long-term, as you think about new media types, as you think about devices, what we are doing across education, immersive media opportunities with AR and VR, screen design, video and the explosion of video, I think, you’ll continue to see us innovate more, attract new customers to the platform, and really drive the addressable opportunities. So, that’s really is the focus for us in that business.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Jay, there is no question that a focus on time to value and getting more practitioners adopting our digital experience solution sooner rather than later is a priority for us. We’ve certainly, to your point, done that with Acrobat and CC. Magento is a really nice addition to that, because if people can create a website, start doing it with their customers through multiple channels and transact business through commerce, that opens up new vistas for us. And if you remember, the original Day Software as well as what Omniture had, actually targeted small and medium businesses. So, I look at it as, are we focused on continuing to drive time to value and getting more practitioners to be self served. That’s only a benefit in terms of their NPS with Adobe. And it’s clearly an area of focus for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Walter. I mean, I think as it relates to Adobe Stock, that is clear service. It makes the entire offerings sticker. And I think we mentioned in our prepared remarks that Stock had a very strong quarter, I think it continues to make the whole aspect of an on-ramp to creativity easier. So, that’s been good. I would say in the enterprise in particular as people are finding that whether you’re interfacing between freelancers and the marketing or graphics departments within enterprises, storing all of these assets, so that you can increase content velocity, things like Adobe Sign, all of them are causing us to be able to both deliver better value and charge more to our enterprise customers. So, in the enterprises in particular, we’re very maniacally focused on named user deployment, ensuring more people use it within an enterprise, having services be the win, which they can engage more people in the creative process. And that’s leading to both greater ARPU as well as new seat deployment within the enterprise.
Shantanu Narayen: That’s a great question, Heather, in terms of how we think about it. And I think as a company, we’re just being ruthlessly focused on both top line and bottom line growth. I mean you are driving 24% year-over-year growth in revenue, but driving 60% growth in non-GAAP EPS, I think it shows that we’re really focused on both of those. We just have some very significant opportunities. And I think as you think about Q2, maybe there were a couple of investments in the Adobe Cloud platform as well as in preparation for GDPR that were factored in. But I think long-term, we just continue to ensure that are we driving great top line growth at a very profitable margin, and we’re going to continue as we did in Q1, for example, all revenue overachievement will result in greater earnings and that continues to be our focus.
Shantanu Narayen: Kirk, I think, the sales force is already chomping at the bits in terms of saying how do we, once the deal is closed, have Magento in our bag. It’s such a natural extension. But, I think to your point, our focus has always been with acquisitions, do no harm, really make sure that we can continue to bring to bear the Adobe brand, bring to bear the customer relationships that we have and truly understand the magic sauce that makes them so special. So, certainly, in terms of from day one when we are closing being able to expand our story of how we can serve customers, looking at some of the customers. And I think we pointed that out in the introductory call in terms of who they already have as customers. So, I think, we will start to deliver to enterprises but we will be a little cautious because we just want to make sure that we have discipline on-ramp to that particular product.
Shantanu Narayen: When I take a step back, Derrick, the trend towards online businesses and digital spend and the desire on the part of enterprises to understand attribution is only going to increase. More money is going to be spent digitally but the bar of how that’s being spent and the understanding and effectiveness of that marketing and spend is only going to increase. And I think big picture, we look at that as a big opportunity for Advertising Cloud, because not only are we a channel for the major online marketing platforms like search, social, display and TV, but we are unique and that we have sort of the broadest perspective of efficacy across all marketing expense. On the second side, all companies will need to balance the customer acquisition where this third-party data plays an important role. And the more important issue for all companies is going to be customer engagement, to your question around email list and how you engage with them. And then, I think leveraging the first-party data is going to become even more crucial. And so, we look at it and say we have the best of both worlds. The Advertising Cloud will continue to focus on helping customer acquisition, but really the energy is going to be spent by companies more on Marketing Cloud where engagement is going to be even more critical in this world of GDPR, so that you don’t in any way impact the trust that you have built with companies. And I actually think analytics also across both acquisition and engagement will become even more critical in this new environment. So, you’re right in that we have to help our companies navigate it and you’re right. And I think long-term, it just continues to be a tailwind as the leader in this business.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Keith. I think, as I mentioned a little bit earlier, when you look at from an absolute perspective, the Q3 target that we provided for ARR will still be the largest that we have. I think we continue to see strength in the business and nothing’s changed from that particular quarter. I mentioned briefly that we want to just make sure that we get a little bit more experience with what’s happening with GDPR to Derrick and other peoples questions associated with what’s happening online but in no way reflects a change in how we see the business. And Q4 again, we expect the traditional strength in the business.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, we look at it from first half second half and we still continue to model it, but you can look at it as we just want to make sure that we underpin GDPR in more detail across Q3. Yes.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I mean, I think when we look at the two businesses where we have a B2C business, when we look at Acrobat and units growth for Acrobat, all the strength in the Document Cloud businesses is being driven by unit growth rather than what you would call ARPU growth. When we look at customer acquisition in Creative Cloud, we’ve been pretty forthcoming about how it’s really being driven by few people coming to our platform. And so I can’t comment on what Microsoft and Intuit are saying, but from our point of view, it’s certainly being driven not more by few customer acquisitions and focus on that. And so, as we thing about big picture, what we are focused on in creative, the first is let’s just continue to drive net new subscriptions, focused on retention, the pool is becoming larger and larger. So, this is in emerging markets. I would say a little bit more adjacent markets, what we’ve done with education and hobbyists. We continue to make sure that ARPUs are increasing as people go into renewals. But price is not on that first list of things that we’re focused on, given where we’re in the cycle.
Shantanu Narayen: Pat, I think if you look at what we already have with respect to Adobe Stock, the two things that I would call Adobe magic that Sensei has provided is first auto tagging. So, you can actually get thousands of pictures and we have the ability based on the prior data set to be able to tag it and infer intent. And so, you can search. And the economical example we give us fire engine versus being it called different things in different countries. And so, we already have that. With video as well I think we have the ability across frames to do searching. And so, it’s only going to get better and better with the data sets. But that data is not far in terms of being able to find across video. And in fact, we have already demonstrated abilities to do search on video.
Shantanu Narayen: We had a good strong revenue quarter for Advertising Cloud in Q2. I think if you look at our overall revenue growth of 18%, it was certainly higher than what we had guided to. Advertising Cloud played a role in that. I think, to your point, we are one of the few companies that has the brand to have the ability for people to invest across search, social, display and all forms of TV. And so, I think, we’re pretty uniquely positioned. I think what’s even more unique about our offering is the tie-in to the segmentation that we have with audience manager and the analytics that we provide on the efficacy of the spend. So, we continue to be excited about the opportunity that we have both in Advertising Cloud as a separate cloud an opportunity, and the integration of that across the entire Experience Cloud. And since Brian that was the last question, in close, the momentum in our business clearly continued in Q2. We continue to be excited about the product roadmap that we will deliver in the second half and the innovation agenda. Big picture, the strategy of empowering people to create, as well as helping businesses transform, continue to be large addressable markets with good tailwinds, and we continue to focus on driving both top-line and bottom-line growth with significant margins while we invest in technology as a long-term differentiator for Adobe. Thank you for joining us today.
John Murphy: No. I think what we said is that it's stable and that we expect it to remain stable to up. So, also, I think it’s really from our perspective a healthy metric. We don’t guide to that or target externally but this really contributes to our ARR.
John Murphy: Yes. Thanks, Ross. I think, how I would describe it is with the new Tax Act, we’ve been digesting the different impacts to that. And so, you see as we made this recent change, again after just starting in January. So, we do feel this rate is stable, but we continue to evaluate opportunities with the provisions of the tax law. And just to remind you, our fiscal year ‘18 is really unique for us. So, we don’t have the full effects of the Tax Act until FY19. But I think you can rely on those rates at this point, to be relatively stable. And then, as we continue to evaluate opportunities, take advantage of the provisions, we can update them.
John Murphy: Clearly, we benefit from the tax rate changes. And I think what we’ve demonstrated is that our business continues to throw cash flow strength in growth. So, I would just say that that trend is pretty consistent.
