Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. 2022 was an exciting and eventful year for Adobe. We achieved record revenue of $17.61 billion, representing 15% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share was $10.10 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $13.71. We delivered record operating cash flows with a focus on profitability. Our strong performance in the uncertain macroeconomic environment underscores the resilience of our business and the mission-critical role of our products in a digital-first world. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is driving momentum across every geography and customer segment, making us one of the most innovative, diversified, and profitable software companies in the world. We continue to execute against our product roadmap, serve a vast customer universe from individuals to large enterprises and deliver strong top and bottom line growth. Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud have become the foundation of Digital Experiences, starting with the first creative spark, to the creation and development of all content and media, to the personalized delivery across every channel. In Q4, we achieved revenue of $4.53 billion, representing 14% year-over-year growth. In our Digital Media business, we had our best quarter ever on net new ARR, delivering $576 million, and our Digital Experience business achieved its first $1 billion subscription revenue quarter, growing 16% year-over-year. I will now pass it to David.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Sterling, maybe I can speak to that. I mean, first, it's nice to see that since the deal was announced, the excitement associated with both what we can do as combined companies as well as, as you can see from our results, the interest in the core business. And so, we're excited overall associated with it. Certainly, as the regulatory bodies are looking at it, we can focus on thinking about strategically. We are getting a lot of great feedback from customers. But these are two separate independent companies. And as it relates to our own cost structure as well as our technology, we feel really good about all the prioritizations we've made. And so, we feel like we're uniquely positioned when it closes to immediately take advantage of it.
Shantanu Narayen: Brad, as you know, they're a private company. And so, we're certainly not at liberty to talk about it. And they have to continue to execute on their opportunity by themselves.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Mark, firstly, thanks for being there, and it's clear that you were also looking at all of the cool new innovative stuff that was delivered. I always worry about questions like that because it's, you know, which of my children do I love the most. But let me just speak to, I think, thematically, what David and Scott showed, which is the core applications. We just continue to make sure the core applications are more accessible, more productive, more fun. And so I think that's one area, thematically, that the team has done an outstanding job of making sure that we continue to deliver innovative capabilities. You mentioned Intertwine and Illustrator. I think the second thing, thematically, we talk about how do we get more people into the franchise. David also referred to that when he answered the two questions on Express, which is, the more we get people into the franchise, whether it's through our trial products, whether it's through Express, whether it's through participating in the collaborative process. I think that only adds to the available market for Adobe. And so, I think the work that we're doing in collaboration is really continuing to democratize what we can do. So, I'm pretty excited about that. I think the AI and the sneaks that you talked about, that really -- the potential for that when you see whether it was the individual fonts that were being done or whether your ability through a text, to be able to get your content done exactly the way it is. I'm sure you've been tracking also what's happened, Mark, in terms of the chat GPT and what you can do with respect to text. So, I think that entire space, our vision has always been anybody who has a creative idea, how do you get that creative idea to life. And so, I think moving from the hundreds of millions to billions of people who can use it. You're right, that has profound impact in terms of getting more people on our platform. And I think you'll see us be quite aggressive about delivering more of that functionality in an augmented way, perhaps first starting with Express. But I think we're excited about all of that. And the Frame acquisition certainly also is off. I think David and Dan spoke to Substance. So, we feel really good about the multiple growth drivers.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Jay, thanks for recognizing that our innovation has really come through an extremely close relationship with customers. So, I think in the past, in the desktop era, what product-led growth really was all about was making sure that as we engage with the customers, as we engage with the community, that we were able to use that. I think the best example perhaps in the desktop era was what we did with Lightroom. And when we first came up with Lightroom, given the fact that we had Photoshop already as a product, just getting the millions of people to use it even before we release the product, having all those evangelists and a great product, I think was a great example. What the team in both Creative Cloud and frankly, in the Experience Cloud, are doing is actually also following on the great work that we pioneered in the Document Cloud. And so, in the Document Cloud, I think product-led growth really related to as we think about what people were doing on searches when we introduced our web-based offerings for Acrobat, that's when we just started to see this velocity of how we engage with customers and prioritizing what's clearly top of mind for them, our ability to immediately satisfy them, I think, escalated quite a bit. When David came in, David really said, we've got to take this to a whole new level with product-led growth, and it's integrating both the community as well as, frankly, right now, engagement and engagement marketing in the product. And so when you get into product sessions right now, and you see the product manager and the engineering manager as well as the product marketing manager, all of them are on the same page. We have data. We have things instrumented in the products and your ability to do both AB testing and here's where we use our own products and the products that Anil does. And so, product-led growth right now is about saying, at any given time, we probably have three tests in market for a particular feature as well. And we're using that to really learn from the customer interactions and to deliver better quality products sooner. But David has really been the pioneer. So, David, if you'd like to add? And then maybe a little bit, Anil, on what we are doing for that in Digital Experience as well.
Shantanu Narayen: And Jay, maybe to get to your second question and taking a step back, I do have to say, when we look at our annual targets that we had provided for Digital Media ARR at the beginning of the year of $1.9 billion. And I know even with our Q4 guide, I think people had some questions about where is the momentum. And I think the team crushed that, which I feel really good about. And so, a lot of that is happening as a result of just first, attracting and acquiring customers to the platform. And then what you're referring to is the cross-sell, upsell, whether it's people who first engage with us on a mobile device, whether it's people in Acrobat. We've used Adobe Reader as a very, very good on-ramp to allow people to engage with PDF functionality and then either get a license for our Acrobat web product or for the desktop product. Individual apps, the success and the driving of individual apps has always been an on ramp, and we then do a really good job because we use Adobe Experience platform to then convert them and even promotional pricing. I know we've had some questions in the past. And we have incredible data that shows us when people come in, whether that's on educational pricing and then they graduate or on promotional pricing, converting them to customers. So, I think there are numerous ways in which we've demonstrated that by personalizing our offer to every creative or knowledge worker that we're able to monetize that as well after they derive the value from it.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe Anil, I'll just add a couple of things to what you said. I mean the first is that value realization has been top of mind for a lot of these customers. And so, I think if you look at the business as well, the services part, it's very clear that people want to implement it. And what I think is unique about Adobe's offerings in this particular space is that we help both with the customer engagement and frankly, the top of funnel as well as we help with productivity and cost. And so, it doesn't matter which side of that equation you are as, as an enterprise, I think both of them find that the Adobe Experience Cloud as well as, frankly, what we are doing with Sign actually help them on both fronts. And so we're pleased associated with that, and we have good visibility. I want to complement Anil and his team on the execution against the pipeline and transformational deals also, I think, just reflect the overarching interest that people have in making sure digital continues to be an imperative. And so, we're not going to be immune to the macroeconomic, but I like our differentiated solution and our execution.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brent, as it relates to your second question, I'll unpack that in maybe two ways. First is we're really pleased with what we did and even when the pandemic first started about prioritizing what was really critical for us. And I think the prioritization exercise when you're really focused on your top imperatives, that's really helped bring clarity and alignment within the company that I don't think should be undersold in terms of how effective that has been for execution. As it relates to the next 6 or 9 months and you think about the three routes to market, digital continues to be an area of strength. I mean, I know through our Adobe Digital Index we talk about what we are seeing in terms of people continuing to engage with the customers -- companies that they want to transact with electronically. And so, on the digital side, we will just continue to make sure we focus on acquiring the customers. David spoke to some of the effective campaigns. Clearly, we understand the attribution of that. And we just have to remain vigilant on making sure that we're attracting the customers on the new platforms where they exist. And for retention, which is a key issue as well, just how they continue to get value from the offerings that they have. The partner ecosystem, whether that's for the small and medium business or whether that's for what we are doing with the SI and VAR community on Digital Experience, just continuing to enable them, continuing to engage with them. I think that's a part. Clearly, the small and medium business did see a rebound after what they went through last year, which was a really bad situation. So I think we have to remain vigilant on that. And I think on the direct sales part, as we look at our pipeline, December, despite the fact that it's our first month of our quarter, we will continue to focus on execution against that to take advantage of whatever budget flush exists in companies. And then, as you start to come to what happens in Japan in February as it's the end of their fiscal year, continuing to focus on Europe. Brent, Europe was actually one of the highlights for us in the quarter. I think Adobe Experience platform has done well. And so, we remain cautious clearly about the macroeconomic, but I think we have visibility into making sure that we can continue to execute, Brent.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe to add to that, Keith. I mean, when you think about the newer businesses that we're talking about, video just continues to be a really key growth driver, 3D and immersive imaging and photography. But if you take a step back, I think that two things happening in the macroeconomic environment that are actually going to be tailwinds. The first is the fact that it is the golden age of design. Everybody would like to express themselves. There are more screens on which all of this content is being consumed. So, I think the insatiable consumer demand for content, I think, is certainly driving a lot of more content that's being created. One of the exciting areas that I think David and Anil have talked about is what we are calling content supply chain. And when you take even the larger companies, they are all trying to get a handle of as they engage digitally with customers how much content is being created? Where is it being created? Where is it being delivered? How do I localize it? What's the efficacy of that content? And so, I think this content supply chain and everything we have with our creative applications, our asset management, the fact that we then deliver that content, I think we continue to believe that that's going to be a growth driver for the entire business as well. So, I wouldn't underestimate the insatiable consumer demand but I also wouldn't underestimate what's happening as enterprises recognize that the way to engage with people is to personalize that content.
Shantanu Narayen: And Alex, given that was the last question, let me start off by saying as we celebrate our 40th anniversary, it's both humbling and inspiring to think about the impact that Adobe has had on the communication world and what we've been able to do. And it's rare to be able to say at this level that we believe that our best years are ahead of us. If I take a step back and I look at what we had done in 2022, there are three things that stand out for me, the Digital Media ARR and just continuing to drive new customer acquisition and deliver innovative products across both, the Creative Cloud and Document Cloud. We've done a really good job of demonstrating why creativity and design is going to be more important and also combining creativity with productivity. On the DX side, the organic creation of the Adobe Experience platform and its apps, and the success that we've seen associated with that, the fact that we just had a first $1 billion quarter as it related to subscription revenues, I think that just reflects both the fact that we created this category. And unlike all of the other enterprise software companies who are in that space, we're just ruthlessly focused on this. And it is unique in that it helps both the top line and bottom line for enterprises. And to the question that you specifically asked, Alex, I mean, profitability, despite the FX impact that impacted hundreds of millions of dollars when you look back and say, at the end of the year, we exceeded our non-GAAP EPS that we had said a year ago/ I think that is a really amazing performance by the finance and operations team of making sure that we continue to remain focused. And I think as it relates to go-forward, we've clearly talked about why we're excited about the innovative road map, why we're excited about all of the things that are going to come up in 2023 and beyond. And so, I think it was a good year. We will continue to remain focused. I want to thank our employees who really are the unsung heroes of all of this execution and the work that they do. And for every one of you, thank you again for your interest in Adobe and happy holidays and wishing you all a joyous holiday season.
Anil Chakravarthy: Thanks, David. Hello everyone. Every business in every category now depends on digital to engage and transact with their customers. Adobe’s Holiday Shopping Report, which analyzes trillions of data points in Adobe Analytics, found that Cyber Monday drove an all-time high of $11.3 billion in online spending, with mobile shopping now accounting for 55% of sales on Thanksgiving, and Buy Now Pay Later orders jumping 85% during Cyber Week. We predict spend will exceed $210 billion this holiday season. No company is better positioned than Adobe to capitalize on this large global opportunity. In my customer conversations, it’s clear that the current macroeconomic climate requires businesses to prioritize investments, and digital remains mission-critical to drive operational efficiency, improve customer engagement and maximize long-term value realization. We are driving a mix of diversified revenue streams through subscription and consulting services across new and existing customers, demonstrating the strength of our business. Experience Cloud is powering digital businesses in every industry across B2B and B2C with our leading solutions spanning data insights and audiences, content and commerce, customer journeys and marketing workflow, and it is unique in that it helps businesses drive customer demand, engagement and growth while simultaneously delivering productivity gains. Our comprehensive set of applications, including Real-Time CDP, are built natively on our highly differentiated Adobe Experience Platform, providing companies with a unified profile of each of their customers to deliver the most personalized, real-time experiences at scale. Adobe Experience Platform processes 29 trillion segment evaluations per day and executes a response time of less than 250 milliseconds, illustrating the impact of its real-time capabilities at scale. In Q4, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.15 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.01 billion, our first billion-dollar quarter and representing 16% year-over-year growth. Adobe is differentiated in our ability to power the entire customer experience, from ideation to content creation to personalized delivery to monetization. Chipotle is a great example. They are using Creative Cloud to design content for web and mobile channels and Experience Cloud to highlight new product offerings based on consumer preferences and support a faster, easier and more customized online ordering process. In government, the State of Illinois is using Experience Cloud and Document Cloud to provide simpler and more equitable access to state services for over 12 million residents. It's especially inspiring to witness the positive social impact of Adobe technology. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has long used Photoshop to create age-progressed photos and uses Experience Cloud to facilitate the recovery of missing children. Additional Q4 highlights include: strong demand for Adobe Experience Platform and native applications, inclusive of Real-Time CDP, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics, which are rapidly becoming the digital underpinning of large brands globally; accelerating demand for Adobe Experience Manager, demonstrating Adobe’s role in helping businesses effectively manage their content supply chain, from creation to monetization; a new Marketing Mix Modeling service as part of our data insights and audiences offering, which enables marketers to harness the power of Adobe Sensei to assess marketing ROI in weeks rather than months and forecast resources for campaigns more effectively; strong growth in partner and Adobe professional services, underscoring our customers’ continued focus on implementation and value realization; key customer wins, including BlackRock, Chipotle, Delta Air Lines, DFS Group, Disney Parks, Elevance Health, GM, Office Depot, Publicis, Santander and Wells Fargo. Adobe continued to receive strong industry analyst recognition, including leadership in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for B2B Marketing Automation Platforms, the Forrester Wave for Collaborative Work Management and the Forrester Wave for Enterprise Marketing Suites. I’ll now pass it to Dan.
Anil Chakravarthy: Yes. I just wanted to add, Shantanu, as you said, several of our enterprise customers are starting to deploy their own product-led growth using our analytics technology, a banking customer, for example, one of our best customers. They have their online mortgage application, and they want to track who is able to use it successfully, who's able to complete applications completely online, and they're using our analytics technology to do that and see what works and what they need to do to fix it. So, we're starting to see like exactly, as you said, our technology being both used inside Adobe to drive our own PLG as well as customers doing it.
Anil Chakravarthy: Thanks for the question. We are pleased with the performance of the Digital Experience business. I mean just as a quick reminder, at the beginning of the year, we had guided DX at 17% of digital growth for the year, which is what we achieved in a really tough year with all the different macro issues. So if I really take a step back, we're -- first of all, we're in a really strong position with our product portfolio. We are a clear leader in the market with the investments we made at the Adobe Experience platform starting 5 years ago. And that is really paying off with the book of business that we are seeing and all the customer adoption that we are seeing. And what we are hearing from our conversations with our customers is that they're really eager to invest in a platform that enables them to meet the mission-critical priorities around digital. And that's what we are enabling them and personalization in real time at scale. So, this is a significantly large opportunity. And what we believe is that as we go through this time, single product companies are going to come under a lot of scrutiny. So, while we definitely see deals getting scrutinized and going up to higher levels for approval, we also see that customers really want to invest in a market leader like us for their investments, it's going to last the next 10, 15 years to -- for the digital investment. So pleased with where we are.
David Wadhwani: Yes. We're very excited about sort of the state of Express. Express just finished its first year in market. We have millions of monthly active users. As I mentioned, we saw very strong growth sequentially quarter-over-quarter in the U.S., which is our primary focus market, 40% quarter-over-quarter growth in visitors, terrific NPS of over 50%. And that's really on the backs of hundreds of millions of stock content that we have, the 20,000 fonts that we've added that is unique to our offering, the highest quality templates. And the constant addition of best-breed features from our other Adobe products like Photoshop and Premier and Acrobat. We've had over 100 releases in the first year that Express has been out. So, we're very excited about that. And so, the Express business itself continues to do well, both in terms of free users and in terms of conversion of those users. But to your question, we also are seeing very strong adoption of Express within our existing CC customer base. So, we see a lot of people, of course, buying our core flagship applications for the power and precision that they have and that they represent, but there are times in those users that are looking to just get something done quickly. And the fact that Express is also entitled to those users gives them the ability to have the power and precision and the speed and ease. And so as users are coming, we're bringing in more users than we've ever had in audiences, we haven't reached by finding intent-based search for things. We're bringing those users in, which is giving us incredible top of funnel. We're driving the conversion. And we're also able to drive utilization increases in CC customers, which is driving retention of that business overall as well. So, the funnel and that migration of that base is very healthy and playing out as expected.
David Wadhwani: Yes. As we talked about when we launched Creative Cloud Express, the primary focus right now is bringing people into Adobe Express and just making them successful, whether it's at the free tier or whether it's at the paid tier or whether it's a pay tier eventually migrating up into the core flagship applications. Our primary focus has been and continues to be right now around usage, repeat usage and utilization. We are seeing, though, while that's our primary focus, we are seeing a lot of really interesting data coming in suggesting that we -- that the upgrade has are -- while still early and not our primary focus are working. For example, in many higher ed institutions where we've started to deploy Adobe Express, we're starting to see not just the increase in terms of usage of Express, but we're also starting to see increase in demand for Adobe Creative Cloud flagship applications. And again, part of this is we know and we believe that everyone should be creative and creativity is the new productivity. But as people start to leverage and benefit from that creativity, they naturally want more power and precision as well. So that they do go well hand in hand.
David Wadhwani: If I can adjust a little bit to that. The three examples you brought are really interesting examples because intertwine is an example of the ongoing innovation in our existing flagship application. So that continues to drive an keep people engaged and onboarding into the applications and keep those -- keeps everything fresh and differentiated. Share for Review that initial release, while still early, we've been amazed by the repeat use of that once people start using it. And that represents a great growth loop for us. Because, as you know, anyone that gets shared a document, whether it's a Photoshop document or an Illustrator document or any other document is also an opportunity as a stakeholder to turn into a future user of Adobe products, whether it happens to be the Photoshop document to Photoshop usage or whether it happens to be driving people to try Adobe Express. So, those growth loops are really interesting and important to us as well. And I just wanted to make sure people saw that opportunity.
David Wadhwani: Yes, Shantanu, I think that was a pretty complete summary. The only thing I would add is that there's an interesting inflection point that we are in terms of our product development cycles that give us an opportunity to take what we've always been doing, to your point, with product-led growth and drive even more use of it, which is the introduction of all the web applications that we have. So, we now have Photoshop Web, we have Illustrator Web, we have Acrobat Web, we have Adobe Express, and you combine that with the sharing focus that we have with Share for Review as an example. And we have new growth loops that we can start optimizing, and that's been a huge area of focus for the teams.
David Wadhwani: Sure. Yes, I'm happy to do that. So first of all, yes, as Shantanu mentioned, we're very pleased with how FY22 has gone and how the quarter closed out, we saw a lot of strength in the core businesses. And our primary focus across these businesses continues to be around new customer acquisition, new customer ads. We also have a lot of diversity in terms of the drivers that we have and the leverage we have to drive the business. As we mentioned, we saw great strength across all of our creative segments imaging, photo, video, design. We also grew a lot of -- focused a lot in terms of new campaigns that are targeting new audiences for creative as well with a new campaign called Everyone can Photoshop, that's bringing customers in directly into the products and has been very productive in terms of driving top of funnel and conversion. On the -- in terms of new businesses for Creative, we're seeing a lot of strength from new businesses like Frame and Substance that have contributed more this quarter than ever before. And to your point, we've also been seeing a lot of strength in the core business around Acrobat. We're running a Acrobat’s Got It campaign really targeted at new customers in SMB where we show them all the capabilities that Acrobat has now, including specifically focused on signatures and things that really help them drive the business. So overall, the business is doing very well. The one dynamic that -- if you look at from an Acrobat perspective that we're really proud of too, is that we saw -- for the year, we saw growth of ARR at 23% despite the complicated macro. And it's important to remember that some portion of this is also -- the Acrobat business is also represented in the creative business. So, the Acrobat growth number is probably a bit understated in this point.
David Wadhwani: Yes. I'm happy to jump in and Shantanu can add anything. So at a high level, if you look at what we've talked about at Analyst Day, our strategy is very clear, which is new users and retention are the core drivers and focus areas. As Shantanu mentioned, we're being very focused and very intentional in terms of those two things. When it comes to new subscribers, we added more new commercial subscribers this year than we've ever added in our history. And that is a really important intentional sort of activities we are doing. Many of those new users are -- tend to be nonprofessionals, right, or they tend to be earlier in career professionals. And so, they are coming in and leveraging our initial single app plan or Adobe Express, as an example, and we're very happy to have them take that on because we believe very strongly that the opportunities to drive and upsell them from Express to single app and from single app to all apps, is going to be something that is persistent and something that is very ready and available to us at the time we need. The main thing, though, is about getting them into the products and making them successful. And so with that focus, we've been very -- we've also been maniacally operational about retention of those bases. I think people have asked questions, as you broaden the net, you bring in other users that are not typical Adobe users, what's happening to the retention rates. I think we also shared that we're seeing usage of products continues to stay very strong as we bring in these new audiences. And we're starting -- and we're seeing retention continue to tick up and improve. And in fact, retention now is better than it was pre-pandemic as an example. So, we continue to bring in new users. We continue to retain those new users and we see organic opportunities to move them up and upgrade them. Shantanu mentioned a great example of education. We continue to see a lot of people come in with our education pricing. And then, we have the opportunity, two years or three years later when they graduate to upgrade them to full commercial pricing. And those activities are playing out as expected, and we see a lot more opportunity to it. But it all comes down to bringing new users in, getting them using the products a lot and retaining them.
