Mark Garrett: There is approximately another couple hundred people that are on transition through the rest of this year. Offsetting that as you just said, we will continue to be hiring, so it’s hard to say exactly where head count will be each quarter, but there is still another couple hundred folks on transition.
Mark Garrett: Yes, let me talk about that. We did say quite awhile ago that 34% would be our floor for margins for 2010 as we integrate Omniture into the business, and we did say that Q1 margin would be the low point for the year and if you remember we guided Q1 margins to 30% to 32% with earnings at $0.34 to $0.39. Clearly, we outperformed all those Q1 targets with margins at 33.7% and earnings at $0.40, and we did it by absorbing as well the impact of the debt interest and the fact that the R&D tax credit has not been renewed. So with that, we clearly believe that revenue and margins should improve sequentially as we go through the year and we will as we have for years, invest prudently to both drive revenue which is our first and foremost goal, and also continue to deliver margin improvement to shareholders. So we’re focused on both revenue and margin improvement as we go through the rest of the year and then improve sequentially from where we are today.
Mark Garrett: There’s nothing unusual. Cash from operations was like I said, $260 million. Capital expenditures were $25 million. We had the proceeds from the debt. We paid back the credit line. That’s really all. There’s nothing unusual. DSO’s came down so DSO’s got much better in the quarter.
Mark Garrett: If you look back over our history, we’ve generated roughly $1 billion of cash flow every year. I don’t see any reason for that to change. This $260 million is just another testament to that and as the business improves, it will only get better. Let me just add one other thing, back to Brent’s question, if you do look at, I just jotted some numbers down here, but if you do look at a year ago Q2 revenue, and then you back out Omniture from Q2 of this year, you easily get into double digit growth for core Adobe. It’s actually in the mid teens.
Mark Garrett: It was really spread across all the products, though like we said, Acrobat did do really well, so a large portion of that was Acrobat and if you look at the quarter, our sell through business was pretty consistent throughout the quarter and it kind of gives me a chance to talk a little bit here about NPD data. I just want to make sure that you all appreciate the fact that Adobe has a very, very diversified business. I’ve talked about that for quarter after quarter. We sell to multiple routes to market. We sell direct. We have licensing business. We sell off our website, and we sell shrink-wrap of course through a two tiered distribution channel, and we also sell in multiple geographies. NPD data as you know, only captures U.S. and it only captures shrink-wrap. So when you do the quick math, our shrink-wrap business is down to 20% of our worldwide revenue and North America is less than half of our business, and NPD captures only 85% of North America. So when you do that math, you end up with about 8% of our business. So if you’re using just NPD data to predict our business, you’re going to get the wrong answer.
Mark Garrett: The debt is about $16 million, but you still end up with about a $16 million to $18 million charge. There’s other things in that line besides interest income on the cash and interest expense on the debt. There’s FX charges that flow through there as well. So that’s our best guess as where it’s going to end up right now when you factor all those things together.
Shantanu Narayen: What I said was that we would have all the major languages late in Q2, so the current plan is to get that. And again, we’ll share more on the 12th, but expect the major languages which we have traditionally said are English, French, German and Japanese to ship in Q2. I know there’s been some confusion about what we mean by launch versus what we mean by ship. So just for everybody, again on the call, on the 12th, we will talk a lot more about the features and functionalities of the product, the various product configurations, what we’ve done with pricing. We have some new products which we will factor into the pricing moving forward. The early feedback has been very positive. And then traditionally, four weeks later or so, you tend to ship the English version followed by the major language versions a few weeks after that. So things are on track as we’ve said. All that is factored into the targets that we provided earlier today.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. That’s something that we’ve strategically said we will continue to have, and so expect to see the tiered pricing continue.
Shantanu Narayen: Firstly, we already support HTML in all of the different flavors that exist today. With our Creative products, so whether you’re using Dreamweaver or whether you’re using any of our other tools, if you want to output we will definitely support it. The context that we see ourselves in as, people are using our tools to author more content. We will support any format that takes stock in the marketplace, and we’ve done that right through the existence of the company. So standards that exist, whether they be PDF, whether they be Flash, whether they be HTML, the new imaging and video standards that are emerging like H264, dynamic image resolutions, we’re going to support all of that in our Creative Tools and we want to make sure that as our publishing customers approach us and say, “Hey, these are the different formats that we want Adobe to support,” we’re not going to allow anybody to come in an create a wedge between us and our customers. Clearly, most of our customers recognize that as there are new devices emerging, whether they be of the smart phone form factor, or whether they be of the tablet category, they’d like to leverage their assets so they don’t have these multiple stovepipe workflows. While none of these customers want to create multiple websites, some of them will have to do it because of the different formats that are supported by each of these different vendors. So we will support HTML out of the gate. The reality is, it’s a fragmented standard, but we will continue to support it within our offering applications. We think the benefits for our customers when they use our offering tools in conjunction with our run time which is Flash, and in conjunction now with the Omniture Suite, is a more comprehensive solution that’s out there.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me take that. First, across the business, we actually saw strength and I think Mark alluded to that so whether it was the Omniture, whether it was Connect, whether it was Acrobat, as well as in the Creative and the hobbyist products, we continue to see strength. I would say for Acrobat, when we looked at the business, it was really driven by both stabilization and IT spend and frankly, we continue to see our run rate business which we say is dependent on the economy, continue to do well, so that was really good to see. We also think that that’s driven a little bit by the whole move towards digital workflows for critical processes as people are moving from paper to digital. We do continue to see PDF adoption increase. I was with the U.S. Court system and they are increasingly looking at PDF as the way in which they archive all of their court cases, and not just for what happens in terms of the judgment, but also adding audio and video so that they can have the actual depositions in there. We think that the continued move towards online and digital work flows plays into the strengths of Acrobat which is why we’re optimistic about that business.
Shantanu Narayen: We’ll continue to tweak our prices. We’ve clearly done a lot of research as we’ve prepared CS5. As I said, there is at least one new product that’s going to go into a number of the suites which is Flash Catalyst. So we’ll factor that in. But I think the big opportunity really is, when CS4 came out, it was an gothic economic environment and so what we find is that the number of people who migrated from prior versions of Creative Suite to CS4 were not as high as in traditional cycles. So enabling people who are versions before CS4 to move to CS5, and frankly the innovation that we have in CS5 allowing CS4 users also to move to CS5, that’s what we believe is going to drive revenue for us for the Creative Products. I’ve been with a number of customers over the last few weeks and all of these new devices that are coming, they are increasingly looking to Adobe to help them with their authoring workflows. It’s very gratifying to see as people think about how their content is going to be viewed on mobile devices, how their content is going to be viewed on the 12 or so slave devices that are going to come out over the next year. People want to make sure that they can modify their existing Adobe authoring workflow to deal with that, and frankly, that’s where again, there is some great functionality in CS5 that allows people to author for multiple devices.
Shantanu Narayen: Clearly, our expectations are relative to CS4. We do expect CS5 to be stronger and that’s primarily driven by the economic environment. As you pointed out, we’re very optimistic about what we’ve done in terms of helping people design without boundaries, they’re working faster in the new services, but really it’s going to take a few quarters for us to get it out in the marketplace. We expect to see the traditional earlier adopter use in Q2 and then enterprises will put it through its paces as they transition from older versions of Creative. So I think it’s a little early to call where it’s going to finally land. We definitely expect it to be a better revenue generator for us than CS4.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we will continue to focus on suites as the general message and especially as it relates to multiple media types and multiple devices. Pushing the suites and getting customers to adopt the suites is clearly going to be part of the marketing focus. One of the areas that even in CS4, one of the products that grew version over version was the Master Collection, so continuing to have the Master Collection be the flagship product as people increasingly use video, is clearly going to be a priority for us. I think the premium suites continue to resonate with our customers. As people move towards using video, Master Collection will be there. So that will all factor in and we have to keep something for the launch event to tell you about what’s here, so stay tuned.
Shantanu Narayen: We’ve talked about how despite the fact that the acquisition really closed in the October timeframe, we were expecting to see some functionality within CS, and we’re pleased because the two areas in particular that I can talk about. In Flash Professional and Dreamweaver, we showed this at the Omniture Annual Summit. We expect to have the visitor conversion products like Desk target directly integrated into those Creative Suite products. Also with video, as people are increasingly creating video, having a library and framework that allows you to have analytics built in, is something that we will definitely deliver. It’s early. We think there’s a lot more integration that we can do, but the combination of Creative Suite and Flash and Omniture, we think definitely meets a customer need.
Shantanu Narayen: I think when the product comes out as I said, you have the earlier adopters and they tend more to be the freelancers because with respect to their own workflow, it’s much easier for them to convert. I think the larger companies are increasingly asking us more about what we can do in newer versions such as Creative Suite to enable them to author for marketable devices. That’s a need where that demand has certainly gone up in terms of what those customers are telling us. I still think they will have to put it through its paces. They may use CS5 to be able to output into the slave devices of the tablet devices that are going to come out because we’ve done a couple of really compelling demos. After April 12, we’ll start to get data as we start to take orders and as the channel starts to take orders, so it’s going to take a couple of quarters frankly for us to get a better read on actual.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me reiterate. The strategy around services is first to be able to provide functionality on a quicker cadence than we can with just desktop applications. So that’s certainly one of the benefits that we see for services. The second benefit that we clearly see is additional revenue and keeping people current on our new releases which we think helps us. And third, combating piracy. So over the long run as we introduce more functionality through services, and require an Adobe ID, we think that enables us to combat piracy. In terms of how we might deliver services though, you can imagine that with the first purchase of the product you get maybe an annual subscription to the services. It’s similar to what we’ve done with our Photoshop elements product line. So in year one, you’re not going to see a great amount of revenue, but over the long run as you point out, it helps us both with keeping products current and it helps us with piracy and potential new revenue streams. In year one I wouldn’t model too much into the services, but I think it starts to show directionally where we are going with that.
Shantanu Narayen: Why don’t I take that as well? When we look at the Omniture revenue, we were pleased for multiple reasons, and the revenue itself, as you know we gave a target range that was lower than what we announced which was closer to $887 million. I think the over accomplishment was due to increased bookings, excess of plan; also some of the higher variable revenue. As you know, some of the way in which we charge for Omniture is through over usage and actual based revenues, so that exceeded our plan. As well as, in the past Omniture has also deferred reporting of revenue until the actual collection happens, or the receipt. So all of those contributed to the revenue being greater than what we had originally targeted. I think the better news for us frankly was when we conducted the annual Omniture Summit, it was sold out and the number of customers excited about the joint offerings and the new customers we reported over 150 new customers with enterprise customer retention greater than 95%. That was really exciting and if you parse the businesses, the visitor acquisition business, there’s the analytics business and the visitor conversion business. We’re certainly seeing more adoption of the entire online marketing suite. That was a strategy Omniture put in place and usage and marketable products makes it sticky as well as drives greater revenue to Adobe.
Shantanu Narayen: It’s a good question, and frankly what we are already seeing in terms of the upgrade business is that in North America for example, the majority of the upgrade revenue is actually already coming through Adobe. What that means to us frankly is that customers like the direct relationship with Adobe. We will still offer the upgrade through channels, but frankly it’s becoming a smaller and smaller percentage of the business because they’re all coming direct with us and as you said, that starts to allow us new possibilities in terms of offerings that we provide. So upgrade is already moving. That would be a logical driver to drive more and more of the upgrade business to Adobe.com.
Shantanu Narayen: There really is no material changes in the numbers that we’ve outlined for you both in terms of the creative professionals as well as the non-creative professionals and in terms of the mix that we see. We still continue to see both creative professionals and frankly the non creatives. These are knowledge workers, professionals in other industries as well as aficionados who buy our products. The characteristics that we shared or the attributes at previous analysts meetings, we’re still all in line with that.
Shantanu Narayen: We definitely see the trend more towards rich internet applications. We also announced a couple of other products earlier this week. We had an update to the Flex Framework which is the framework that people use to create these rich internet applications as well as an update to the Flash Builder as well as the core Fusion products. There’s no question in our mind that when you see the next generation of experiences that people are creating, whether they be for enterprise applications, social applications or just websites, the distinction that we’ve consistently talked about between what’s content and what’s application continues to blur. So the number of people who download data copies of our Flash Builder applications, that’s in the hundreds of thousands. So no question that rich internet applications are emerging and especially, I would also say on non PC devices, because on a non PC device, whether it’s an android or any other device, is that a rich internet application or is that a piece of content, and it’s really hard to distinguish so we’re excited about that.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we’ve been fairly transparent about that issue, which is we are committed to bringing Flash to any platform on which there is a screen, and it has nothing to do with technology. I think you’ve seen demonstrations of Flash running on smart phones from multiple vendors; at Mobile World Congress including Android where Eric showed it as part of his keynote. It’s nothing to do with technology. It’s an Apple issue and I think you’ll have to check with them on that.Sasa Zoravic – Janney Montgomery Scott: My second question is regarding the enterprise that you obviously showed a very strong come back as specifically I’m looking at the number of transactions over $50,000. Is this something really specifically that happened here in the quarter, something that kind of hold over’s from the fourth quarter or is this just really the beginning of a healthy spending on that higher end of things. You obviously mentioned things with Acrobat if you could provide us with more color there.
Shantanu Narayen: I think you are seeing IT stabilization in terms of the spend and also this move towards customer interaction solutions where people are revamping their websites to enable their customers to access that content and application for multiple devices. We definitely see that trend, and so we think the economy has helped. We think our offering with Life Cycle ES continues to address that market need. And we’re excited about the pipe we are building. I think Mark in his prepared remarks talked about our expectation the enterprise business will continue to grow in the rest of the year. And clearly, web conferencing with the move towards green as well as reduced travel, I think that also plays to the strength of our Connect business.
Shantanu Narayen: Those are numbers that we don’t give out all of the numbers. I’ll maybe share a couple of statistics which is when we look at people who moved to CS4, they were certainly less of the install base than CS3, 2 and 1, so I would say that the transition from one, two and three to four was not as high, but we’re not going to share too many numbers as it relates to the penetration right now.
Shantanu Narayen: You’re right in saying that we are certainly targeting more developers and I think we’ve been careful to point out that the developers that we’re targeting are primarily web developers, people who have been using scripting languages. That will be an area of focus of us because they’re the folks who are increasingly creating rich internet applications. So you can expect to maybe see some of what we have Flash Builder and Flash Catalyst show up in each of the suites. We’ll share all of those details with you on April 12, but we do see that as one way in which we want to address and increase the addressable universe of people for our offering applications.Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Company: Mark, could you just touch on the other income line again? As we think about Q2, I heard your comments around the $16 million to $18 million. I thought that was going to be the interest charge and you’d actually have some interest income against that on the cash, so I just wanted to go through that once more.
Shantanu Narayen: With your first question, we think that the adoption cycle for CS5 in the enterprise will actually mirror that of CS4 and our previous versions which is, they will try it out. What I actually said was I think I sense a little bit more excitement from the enterprise because a number of those customers are dealing with this challenge of how do they repurpose their content from print to the new set of slate and tablet devices. So I think that might prompt them actually to use CS5 hopefully in certain scenarios quicker than they might traditionally have done if they were only doing print. So that’s really how we see CS5 play out in the enterprise cycle. With respect to Omniture, we’re definitely seeing more customers coming to us for an enterprise license with creative products, life cycle products as well as the Omniture products. So you are certainly seeing customers saying we want to standardize on the Adobe Creative Suite, and we want that integration with Omniture. So it’s early as you point out, but we’ve been very pleased. And frankly, we’ve seen very little disruption. One of the real positives for us in the quarter was the fact that there was such little disruption in sales, which as we’ve known is one of the key drivers of the Omniture business and our revenue engine. So the fact that that’s continuing to perform well, we’ve put the field organization and combined that with the Omniture field organization because they’re selling very, very frequently to the same customer, many times to exactly the same person in the enterprise. So early indications, very positive. Well thanks again everybody for joining us. As I think we reported, Q1 was a strong start to the quarter and given everything that we see in terms of the product launches, we continue to remain very bullish about the remainder of the year and we look forward to sharing more with you both on April 12 as well as on our next earnings call. Thank you.
