Shantanu Narayen: Happy to, Brent. I mean, I think at the financial analyst meeting, we tried to outline all of the growth drivers that we have in that business. And as you remember, even at the FA meeting, we actually updated targets as a result of this trend that we were seeing in the quarter. And clearly that strength continued. So, a couple of things that come to mind. New customer acquisition just continues to be strong across all geographies. I think the new product introductions that we were doing. Strength in Acrobat across both our offerings was clearly a strength. We saw a very strong seasonal enterprise at the end of the quarter. The stock business just continues to do well. When you have a $539 million quarter, it's hard to point to one thing, Brent. And I think that, again, we've talked a lot about our DDOM. I'll also highlight the campaigns that we run really targeted personalized campaigns, tapping into was clearly a tremendous online season was also another reason for the continued success.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, multiple questions there. So, let me try and parse all of that. First, I would say, it's been a really good year for the Experience Cloud in terms of the product innovation, delivering the Experience Cloud, looking at experience manager and moving that to the cloud, innovative new services that we're delivering intelligent services using our AI and machine learning. When I take a step back and look at what's happened during the year, I feel really good about the amount of innovation that's happening. And the second thing I feel really good about is the alignment across Magento, Marketo and just call it, the core DX business in terms of having a more unified and aligned go-to-market, which has not only helped our results, but it's also helped the operating expense associated with that business. And so, we just continue to have a really differentiated offering. The need for people to engage digitally with customers is not just a U.S. phenomenon. It's a global phenomenon. And so that feels really good. And so, I mean, overall, we had a very strong Q4 as we mentioned the Adobe Experience Platform adoption among various verticals. It's such a unique and differentiated product that exists in the marketplace. We're the only company at scale that has the ability to create this unified profile. So overall, I feel really good on that business. We also have tremendous opportunities in 2020. We just continue to scale that business to be delivering it, not just across geographies and the mid-market segment. We talked about how creating an aligned mid-market-focused segment. We saw a rebound as it related to Marketo. Magento continues to do well. And I know, typically, people ask me, what's the update on the hiring front. There's good news that we will hopefully be able to share with you in the first week of January. But it feels good. We made a lot of progress in that business. Opportunity is great, and we will continue to drive innovation.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe just to add a few more color, Jennifer, I mean, I think when we at the FA meeting, we were really trying to give annual guidance, and what we were trying to do is just give you a little bit of color. And to add to what John said, as you think about the Q4 to Q1 transition, what typically happens in Q4 in the Digital Experience business is, you get a bunch of really good professional services billing as people are preparing our products to get ready for the holiday season, you see a little bit of a rush on the advertising cloud associated with that. There was a little bit of strength also. Acrobat had strength across the board, but there was some additional strength as it related to perpetual and OEM licensing. And so, I think what we were just trying to do is provide you a little bit of color as it related to how you would, in your models, look at both revenue as well as EPS, as well as Digital Media ARR for the rest of the year. So, that was our goal.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Sterling, there are multiple ways in which we monetize our mobile. The first is this multi-system approach that we've taken, maybe using a product like Lightroom, for example. I mean, it's clear when people have images, they want to manage their images across multiple devices. And so, we take a system approach towards that pricing, but it changes quite dramatically, what you could see in terms of the engagement and retention associated with it. So, first in terms of value provided, that's quite significant. The second thing is, we actually have mobile-only offerings as well. And so, you could have a mobile-only offering, whether it's Photoshop Express, whether it's what we do with our Photoshop on iPad. And so, we have one price for – across multiple devices, and where we have one price for mobile-only offering. And the mobile-only offering, I think in the past, we've alluded to the number of ID’s that are being created. And that's also becoming a really nice revenue stream for us and growing. And the third thing I would say is, what we've done a really good job on the Acrobat side is where you have Reader and people have one-time usage, where they're trying to do things with respect to PDF. That's also become a fairly significant monetization model. So, there are multiple monetization models that's attracting new customers, different price points, different segments. And I think it just enables our positioning as the one-stop shop to be very valid and very relevant for all of these customers. So, now long term, we continue to be excited and bullish about the growth there.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Jay, I think both of those continue to be really important strategic objectives for the company as it relates to retention as the book of business gets larger and larger, both in terms of ensuring that they're getting value for the products, as well as from an upsell perspective and being able to upsell them. And you'd be amazed how productive the retention team has been in terms of really understanding what's the right offer, what's the right way to continue to make sure that they get value out of it. The incredible work that's being done even as it relates to payment methods and just making sure that, that is a way to both attract and retain new customers to the platform. So, retention is a very big area of focus, and I continue to believe that it is an area of growth within the enterprise with named user deployment, what we are doing associated with making it really easy for people to adopt our technology. So that, again, is a way in which we are increasing both the ARPU, as well as the number of users in the enterprise. And so, real good focus with some significant results. On the frictionless, I think you clearly see that customers, when they do a search, and if they want to do a search for create PDF, for example, they want that to be immediately fulfilled and get instant gratification. And so, the reason and the thesis behind frictionless is when people are doing something, how can we, within one or two clicks, enable them to do it as well as, at that point, ensure that it's a monetization opportunity for us. And so, I think that'll continue to be both in the document space, as well as in the creative space as we have done with Spark, where you do a Google search and you want to create a flyer, and we want to be able to fulfill that very easily. So, I think it's important and I think expansion opportunity for us on frictionless. So, we're doing well in both cases, and it will continue to be an area of focus. I know you didn't ask it, but you are aware that even on the API side, making sure that all of our stuff is available as APIs is another way to just extend this reach through the partner ecosystem as well.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Kash, and happy holidays to you as well. I mean, I would say, we were really pleased with the momentum that we saw for the business in Q4. As I said earlier, I'm also really pleased with the amount of innovation that the product team has been able to do with all of the new delivery. And the opportunity, as we’ve identified north of $80 billion addressable opportunity in 2022, just continues to be the area of focus for us. And so, we will continue to execute. I'm not giving you different targets from the one that John just gave, but we're not opportunity constraint in that particular business.
Shantanu Narayen: Walter, the PDF business just continues to do really well. We're attracting new customers to the platform. Sign as a business is doing really well. The new services, the mobile funnel continues to do well. As you know, we've feathered that business so that we continue to have a perpetual offering and an OEM licensing offering, those continue to do well. I mean, the reality is that automating inefficient paper-based processes and just the whole collaboration, and sharing and editing of documents is a massive opportunity. And PDF has become the lingua franca for how things happen on the Internet and the PDF brand, I mean, going back to the earlier question. The team has done an incredible job of innovating in that particular space, it's really early. As a cricket fan, we don't have three innings in cricket, but it's still very early as it relates to where we are in that space.
Shantanu Narayen: Great, Tom. And I think the reason why we believe in the mid-market opportunity across content management across commerce, across what we are doing with the Marketo business and taking leads all the way to making them revenue for a company is that having an easy-to-use self-serve product serves not just the mid-market customer well, but it also serves the enterprise customer well. And I think tongue-in-cheek I have always said, every business starts at a $0 billion business. And so, you want to make sure that you get a huge base of customers who are growing early. And so, that's the reason for the importance of the business. I think over the last few quarters, the demand generation team has done such a good job. A lot of the mid-market demand generation is actually created through marketing activities and then it's actually – it has a very different touch perspective. And so, having that, it's actually a more efficient process for us to do. And by investing a little bit more in demand generation in the last few quarters, we've seen that bounce back well. The product has always been good, the best product in the market. And I think just both inspecting that business and making sure that we invest appropriately and have the right leadership, all of that's really helped with that particular space. Having a depth of offering also, given what we have with experience manager and given what we have with Magento for an end-to-end solution, also really helps in that base. So, we're excited about it.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I mean, as part of our prepared remarks, we talked about the fact that the Adobe Experience Platform is really the only scalable platform that allows people to have this unified profile. As people are thinking about what they have to do, they have to deal with both known users and unknown users. And I think the combination of what we had with audience manager and the real-time CDP aspects of how we differentiate our solution makes it unique. And so, every business has to think about its core segmentation. Every business has to think about what's the way in which they are creating this unified profile. And so, we're excited about our offering in that space. That's a clear leader.
Shantanu Narayen: I'll touch on one, maybe in a little bit of detail, which is the Adobe Experience Manager. We have, over the last year, really innovated. We have an offering that's a completely cloud-based offering that enables you to do it. You can do headless content management. It's so far ahead of the competition. So, I think that hopefully gives you a glimpse into the fact that we do believe it's an opportunity as we move to the cloud and make these all SaaS-based services, I think making that self-help. In the content management space, in particular, as people are creating these micro sites, and they want to get it up and running quickly, but they want to use the same publishing paradigm that they use for their larger sites. That's another reason, but the new AEM product that we have that's cloud-based. The number of customers who've been able to get up and running really quickly, I think, shows the kind of innovation. Take Adobe itself, for example, as we move our cloud-based AEM implementation, it really adds significant value. And as I said earlier, it's not just about the mid-market, that same technology actually translates well into enterprises seeing value from our products sooner rather than later.
Shantanu Narayen: And given that was the last question, what's exciting to us was at our Analyst Day at MAX, we shared the strategy on the three large opportunities that we had ahead of us; unleashing creativity, accelerating document productivity and powering digital businesses and how it represented a TAM of approximately $128 billion in 2022. It's nice to be the leader in those categories and continue to drive product innovation, as well as GTM alignment and execution, so that we can continue on this growth agenda that we have as a company, but at the same time, we also continue to be focused on increasing cash flow, as well as delivering great value to our shareholders.  Clearly, pleased with our fiscal performance in Q4. FY 2020 should be another record year with strong profitability and cash flow. And I'm really excited about the progress that we made across all three clouds on product, GTM, as well as organizational alignment, and we look forward to sharing that progress with you over the course of next year. I wanted to wish you all happy holidays. Thank you for joining us today.
John Murphy: Yes, sure. Thanks, Keith. Well, when we think about FY 2020, our full year guide shows that FY 2020 margins do expand year-over-year. And so, as we think about kind of the first half, second half, we'd expect that margins would continue to show greater than 40% each quarter, but have larger margins in the second half like we did this past year. There's some seasonal expenses that obviously hit Q1 different from others in last year, of course, we had more expenses related to the acquisitions that kind of dramatized that downward, taking the operating margin in Q1 of FY 2019.
John Murphy: Yes. I mean, I think what we wanted to try to do because we didn't provide any Q1 guidance when we're at MAX on [our payday]. And so, what we wanted to do was to provide color of how you could think about modeling the full year. And obviously, with the full year guide, you obviously with the total year growth is. But we do expect, obviously, the bookings that we've achieved in FY 2019 to convert into revenue in 2020 and obviously the first half bookings to begin to convert into revenue in the second half. So, the momentum that we're seeing coming out of Q4 is really what we're trying to reflect on when that converts.
John Murphy: It's no different in many ways from what we have done on the desktop. I mean, we have the world's best product teams and technologies in that space. And we actually have. I mean, when you see what we've done with Acrobat on PDF on the mobile. What we have done with Photoshop Express, tens of millions of users, the fact that we have hundreds of millions of mobile IDs, I think you think about the brand that Adobe has, you think about the depth of technology that we have in those spaces, I'd encourage you to try out a product like Fresco, which whether it's for oil paint, whether it's for water colors, I mean, there's nothing like that on the market with respect to the amount of precision and detail that we provide in that space. And so, we just have to continue to focus on innovating, but given our brand, given the tremendous funnel of traffic that we see to adobe.com, and as we keep pointing out the data-driven operating model that we have to be able to convert it, I feel very good about what we are doing in the mobile arena as well.
John Murphy: Yes, sure. The performance of RPO, and as we go forward, you'll start to get the year-over-year compare in FY 2020, it's following along with revenue growth. And it's – essentially, when we look at before, deferred and unbilled that also as an indicator of the health of the business going forward. Now, we would suggest you look at the RPO as an indicator of what to expect in terms of it growing along with revenue. That has normal seasonality that we typically have seen across each of the quarters as well, so there's nothing unique about that.
