John Murphy: Sure. No, I think as we have talked about at Analyst Day and further in December at our Earnings Call. Overall, 606 does not have a material impact to our results. What we're seeing in Q1 is the pull forward of revenue by recognizing some OEM contracts upfront that otherwise would have been recognized throughout the year. But otherwise we don’t expect a material impact for the year.
John Murphy: So that was a cumulative catch-up adjustment against the $7 billion base of ARR. So really quite immaterial and the split that's really more in the Creative versus Document.
John Murphy: I think when you look at the Digital Experience business, it's a portfolio of solutions and services and products. And certainly, Magento and Marketo been the new additions to that provide an accelerated growth for the total Digital Experience business. So our target that we're really comfortable with -- in the combined because we're selling everything right now, so it's 34% for the year. We don't necessarily parse out what Magento is doing and what Marketo is doing, which gives us integrated sales approach at this point now. So for us, we're looking at the larger opportunity in the Digital Experience space as we talked about at the Analyst Day. And these new assets help us accelerate that opportunity. And then subscription bookings growth has been very strong and really pretty pleased with the performance this quarter and with the momentum that we have through the rest of the year.
John Murphy: So I guess just to add on to that in relation to the sales and marketing benefit that we’ve talked about last quarter, it's really because of the Marketo acquisitions so it’s a slight benefit that we are seeing from the capitalized commissions related to the Marketo business. So you can see a little bit of that benefit here in Q1 and you look at OpEx under 605 and 606, and you will see that through the year. But certainly as Shantanu said, I think it's just being a little cautious in terms of how the rollout of the different contracts are in terms of upfront revenue versus recognizing the rest of the year.
John Murphy: Yes, I think that's exactly right. We had said that the first half of FY19 was going to be more greatly impacted by the deferred revenue haircuts. And I think you're probably modeled a little more linearly in terms of returning it to the operating margin, and it really does actually accelerate towards the backend of the year. So we exit FY19 at rates that you typically see them our performance in the past.
Shantanu Narayen: The short answer, Brent, is you shouldn’t read too deeply into it. The slightly longer answer is when I think about the business and the momentum that we saw across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, it's clear we're off to a strong start. With respect to the Creative and Document businesses, specifically, we talked to you about the state of the art DDOM model that we have, the Data Driven Operating Model. And the fundamental strategy continues to be to acquire new customers. We're very aware of what is the activity that enables us to attract them, how we can make it a compelling event. But if you look at our success that we've had associated with attracting new customers to the platform, up-selling them, and if you look, Brent, also at the Q2 targets that we are providing, as well as the raise in ARR for the year, I think that should reflect the continued confidence and momentum that we have against the overall addressable market.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, I think when we look at the business from a seasonal perspective, we do see traditional change between Q2 and Q1 that's been something that you can go back and look at fiscal '18 as well and you see the same trends. Remember in fiscal '18, there was that catch up as it related to the systems. So you see a nice growth in Q1 '19 over Q1 '18 and you see the same sequential change then if you look at it, whether it was in '18 or it was in '19. And I think where we continue to see momentum in the business, John, certainly alluded to some of those in his prepared remarks. Enterprise continues to do well. Mobile and the adoption of mobile continues to do well. Acrobat, we're seeing tremendous trend in the Acrobat business. If you look at the 22% revenue growth that we talk about, both in the Creative part of the business, as well as in the document part of the business, we're continuing to see that. And remember, in addition to new customer acquisition, there's a very significant installed base that exists with the perpetual version of Acrobat as we move them to the subscription offering. That's part of the reason why we're spending money in advertising and awareness of the new document cloud features. And this is the traditional, December slowing a little bit as it relates to the Creative, you start to see the momentum in the business. So, nothing different from what we've seen in past years.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes first, Saket, let me talk a little bit about the momentum that we're seeing in the business. I was actually with customers the last two weeks on the road in both U.S. and Europe. And all the meetings that you have, whether it's with CEOs, CMOs and CIOs, they're absolutely reflecting the urgency of digital engagement and an appetite really to work with Adobe, because we are viewed not just as a leader in the technology strategy part of it, but a company that can share results, lessons as a result of our own transition. So very pleased with the success that we saw in that business in Q1. I think it was 34% growth under the 606, 32% under the 605, so really strong part of that. And I think we highlighted as well the success that we're seeing with both Magento and Marketo; and so Magento, the integration with AEM and the success that we're seeing there; Marketo, which is the leader in B2B. So, fundamental market dynamics continue to be very favorable. My immediate and direct involvement and frankly, the alignment of the entire DX organization that was previously matrixed at Adobe, the whole goal was intended to accelerate the momentum in what is very clearly a large and growing opportunity for Abode. And so, Saket, what we've done is we're actually integrating the two recent acquisitions quicker where appropriate, Magento and Marketo, to enable the synergies between the businesses. I touched on what was happening there. Operationally, Matt's been running the combined go-to-market. Abhay, has been running and helping us with the product roadmap. And so, I think the scale and the momentum of that business, that's now north of on a $3 billion run-rate, allows us the luxury of attracting world-class executives and growing internal talent. But net-net I would say the direct involvement that I have and the alignment of the entire organization is frankly allowing us to operate at a faster pace.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I mean, big picture, it's clearly one of the most successful partnerships we've had. I'll make a little bit of a plug for Adobe Summit for those of you are there, Satya, will be joining us on day two, and so on Wednesday. So I think you'll hear from him as well, his perspective on not just the current partnership and what we've been able to do, but some of the new opportunities that are emerging ahead of us whether it's ODI where we're continuing to make progress. And I think speaking for Adobe, we're certainly excited about the ability to have Magento and Marketo as well work on their cloud platforms. The current success is all based on what we've done with AEM, Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Campaign. But the go-to-market alignment, I mean again, when I was on the road in Europe as I was mentioning as well as in America. Executives all around, the fact that they are all moving to a cloud-based environment for native applications and they see not just rhetoric but actual evidence of how Adobe and Microsoft have partnered to make our technology work together and for us to connect the desperate SaaS based systems. It's working. It's actually exceeded our targets. As I think we mentioned for '18, we expect the same success in '19.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Jennifer. And as you look at the OpEx and if you look at the margins, I mean just recall again the impact of Marketo and Magento. But big picture unless you're trying to get me in trouble with my product organization, I would say we see so much opportunity across each of the three businesses. And I think we're investing in all three. On the creative side certainly, we've touched on the new applications that are coming out on iPads. We've talked about the innovation in the fundamental desktop applications. We've alluded to with the acquisition of Algorithmic, our excitement around what we can do with immersive media. On XD, what we've done with respect to fundamentally changing the nature of collaboration and allowing people to collaborate in a meaningful way. We talked about some good partnerships there with Slack and Atlassian, in addition to Microsoft, the new voice enabled application. So on Creative, there's absolutely significant amount of product innovation that's underway that’ll be delivered to customers, Acrobat, what we are doing the strategy around delivering more functionality with verbs around documents, things that we've done with scan and create and sign. Document Cloud had a really successful business. And clearly with Experience Cloud, the delivery of the platform, I hope you're going to be at summit where we’ll share more and show more. And I think underlying all of this, the investments that we're making in the core cloud infrastructure for us, to not only deliver value but over time reduce the COGs, because we're going to get more efficient there, as well as on AI and ML, so really comprehensive roadmap that exists against all of those, Jennifer. And given the opportunity, when you have a $100 billion addressable market, I think we've done a good job of balancing the long-term while continuing to deliver great value for shareholders.
Shantanu Narayen: I mean, I think when we first acquired both Magento and Marketo, we had the field organizations a little distinct. They were part of the business unit as part of the -- as opposed to part of the field organization. What we've done is we've got a complete aligned pipeline generation right now for the entire Experience Cloud. And so the marketing initiatives, the partner initiatives and the organic sales initiatives, are aligned around getting a very healthy pipeline. And what we are doing is really now then with the enterprise sales force focused on delivering the entire value to the customers. I mean, so many of these customers are already customers of other Adobe solutions and so the ability to plug-in commerce and to plug-in B2B marketing directly into that pipeline. We had a really strong quarter with Magento in the enterprise segment. And while we're doing that, we want to make sure that the mid-market motion that exists globally is not impacted. And so I think having this really unified single message, single sales kickoff, I think is showing success. And Steve, who is CEO of Marketo and Mark Lavelle, they are helping us make sure that we understand the nuances of how to best market Magento and Marketo, but to leverage again, as I said, the Adobe brand. And so, having that one unified running the business is definitely accelerating the integration and presenting a very unified view to the customer.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe the one other thing I would mention there is the number of partners actually having a single unified view is enabling us to get all of our existing partners in addition to I think as we said the hundreds of thousands of people on the Open Source community, having that all aligned enables us to paint a much bigger picture as well very quickly.
Shantanu Narayen: Can you maybe just, before I answer, Jay, talk a little bit about the middle one? What did you mean by monetization? We are trying to monetize everything, so I just want to make sure I…
Shantanu Narayen: No, those are good questions. I mean, first on the retention. While retention is the -- and I still continue to believe that retention is the new growth. The focus there really has been a lot on engagement and understanding how people can get the value out of our products. I think you know we use our own campaign products to communicate with people. I think what Scott Brezski has done with what he described at MAX at the first mile initiative, which is when people first come on board how they can get advantage of our products. I think the integration with Adobe stock and enabling them to participate and not have the fear of a blank slate. And I would say the community and the hands and the success that we are seeing for people to get benefit of participating in the larger community, all of that is helping with the retention and that just continue to be ongoing focus for us. Because the more you retain, not only do you get the benefit of those customers they also serve as evangelists. Spark -- the monetization side, I think the more we can get people at the early part of the funnel, whether it's coming in through mobile, whether it's coming with the reader and Acrobat and then converting them that just continues to be a way for us to get our brand out there, and certainly serving as a good funnel. The other area where we're seeing success there, Jay, is the fact the system approach that we are taking products like Light Room where you can use Light Room exactly the same on mobile or on a tablet or on a PC, the retention rates for products like that are certainly higher, because people are seeing more value associated with that. And the self-service, again, all about top of the funnel and making sure that we can get people to experience Adobe products that’s certainly been part, I think the last number we probably shared was a 100 million IDs that we've been able to create. And going back to I think a question that may be Brent asked earlier. Certainly, we provide promotions to some of those people who otherwise may not have even made the lead from a fee product to a paid product. So I think the DDOM is where we continue to emphasize our internal effort to make sure that we are optimizing and delivering value at the same time.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Walter, if you look at it taking a step back and you think about the book of business, I think the most app comparison is we take Magento, we take Marketo we bring it into the beginning of business. And when we say we're growing that book of business by 25% that's shows the growth of what is the core part of the business, mainly software as a service and licensing when you take the fact that consulting as a result of the partner ecosystem that exists is less of a focus for us. Hopefully, that gives you a sense of the underlying dynamics in that business and our excitement, because at the scale at which we are to continue to grow subscription bookings at that rate and to continue to expand, I think reflects the momentum we have.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say when we look at 2018, we were doing a lot more of the existing customers. And we put a pretty good emphasis on new logos as well, that is really helping bring a lot more people. I think the whole B2B space that we had talked about now with the combination of Magento, and Marketo that's been good. But to your point, there's a fair amount of expansion within existing customers. And the expansion is coming from two different sources. The first is the expansion is coming from the cross sell of new products that we're acquiring into existing customers as people see the benefits of the integration. The upsell is also coming from more usage of the current products as they're seeing more efficiency gains and/or additional benefits associated with it. So, we're pretty focused on all three of those. I mean you want to keep growing new logos and going after greenfield territory, I think we're getting more international expansion that continues to be new logos. But within accounts, we’re very focused and in most of the accounts, we're very diligent about making sure as we look at a particular account, that we're not just measuring renewals but we are measuring growth in those particular accounts. And so hopefully that gives you some color of what it is. You're right. We don't break that out. I wouldn’t know how to break that out frankly for a business this size. But internally, we're absolutely inspecting all three of those.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think maybe, Keith, I'll just start and then I'll certainly have John add more color to it. I mean, first big picture when we look at the momentum in the business, it just continues the way we had imagined. The way you have to think about it is you're right. I mean if you look at the 60 million above the guide that we had done, you also have to factor in that there was actually foreign exchange, there was probably a little bit more of a headwind. So we actually had a very strong quarter. What happens in some of the accounts as you're recognizing the revenue upfront rather than recognizing them rapidly and so that's part of the reason for how you should think about what might that also play out in Q2 for the same reason, namely deferred revenue. But in terms of how we looked at the targets for 606 for fiscal '19, we wanted to give you an update. It's early in the year. The business is doing well. On the ARR front, which has nothing to do with 606 or 605, moving forward, we were very clear about the success that we're continuing to have. And so that's part of the way we are doing it but we're excited about the business.
Shantanu Narayen: When we think about XD, in particular, I mean I think the biggest picture message that I would send is we look at it and say everything is going to have a screen. And if everything is going to have a screen then it's going have digital content delivered to it, whether you are on your automotive, whether you are in a retail store, whether you are having a watch. We think XD is a perfect application to design, prototype and deliver content for all of those different devices. So it's not just UX designers it's certainly developers as developer breaking that designer, developer bridge that exist today to deliver great applications that's another use case. I think your question around enterprise is actually spot on. We are seeing a fair amount of success and adoption in the enterprise, because enterprises are standardizing on the collaboration between the marketing organization, the product organization and the engineering organization. We are seeing some good traction there. New apps like voice, that’s certainly area where XD I think continues to shine. And so we are just excited. I mean every time you see one of these new applications, you see both new app adoption among new customers. The monthly average usage of XD is growing very nicely and you certainly see that as an additional benefit to the full value Creative Cloud. And that’s also true. I know you didn’t ask the question, but when you think about algorithmic as well, it's the same thing. We start to attract a whole new set of customers with algorithmic. It gives us the opportunity to have a higher priced all apps bundle for people who are doing even more high-end work. And so both from a top of funnel acquisition as well as from optimization, that's how we think about each one of these different categories.
Shantanu Narayen: I think the core strategy of ODI and three large companies getting together to say we're going to agreeing on the taxonomy, we're going to agreeing on an API and we're going to ensure interoperability between the data that exists today and silos. There hasn't been a customer that isn't excited about the fact that we're all stepping up to do that and allow enterprises to get value out of all of the data that they have in different silos. So I would say big picture first, there is a lot of excitement. It clearly builds on the progress that Adobe and Microsoft have made over the past few years as we've integrated PowerBI and campaign, or the work that we've done with AEM. I think you'll see at Summit having more people on the ingestion or ETL side also signup and say, they're going to enable all of this data that exists in silos to get normalized. I mean, the holy grail of what we are trying to do with ODI with a whole bunch of partners is to bring all of the data that exists into this real time stitched platform there is a common taxonomy. People don't care about where this data is stored, people care about can I action it in real time. And that is really the goal of ODI. We're making good progress. We'll share more at Summit. But the core value proposition really resonates with customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, there's so many different opportunities there. If I had to pick one, I would still say mobile, imaging and imaging is the area where there's the most. But what we've done with Premiere Rush, we talked about that. Spark having 7 million people and that being a real seeding ground for what we can do in education, I think that's very significant. The aura that comes from us doing high end work with AR and what we are doing with algorithmic. While the numbers may not be small, don't underestimate the importance of how that attracts the whole new generation of creators to our platform. But I would say imaging and PDF still continue to be the two largest areas of acquisition for new customers in the Creative Cloud. And I would highlight Spark as well only because Spark is this incredibly easy product that everybody from K-12 to teachers are starting to use and the more we get that standardized in school districts and frankly, in some cases entire countries as the platform of choice for education, I think that will continue to be a way in which we expose young creative talent to the joys of using Adobe products. But sterling since you had the last question, let me just summarize by saying, I think when we think about the Q1 financial results. I think it's again, a clear reflection of the core strategy on the enterprise side, helping businesses transform on the content side, empowering people to create. That strategy resonates and our execution against that strategy continues to be strong. We think design and creativity have never been as important as they are today. And whether you call it digital transformation like you call it in the U.S. or digitization as it's called in Europe, it just represents an incredible opportunity for us to continue to grow and deliver value to our customers. We're excited about summit we hope we'll see a bunch of you there. One thing I'll also mention is that it actually integrates Marketo's Marketing Nation, so we're welcoming that community as well to Summit in a few weeks. And the targets that we provided I think reflect the momentum we continue to drive across all geographies. So Q1 was off to a great start. Thank you for joining us today.
