Mark Garrett: Yes, hi, Walter. It's Mark. So actually, let me start with maybe a little bit of color on the rest of this year, and then I'll address your 10% question specifically. If you remember, back in December, we said if you looked through the rest of the year that we would have a slight revenue increase in the second quarter, that we would see a normal seasonal decline in the third quarter, and then we'd see seasonal strength and a sequential growth in the fourth quarter, and that OpEx would grow during the year, so as a result, margins would be slightly down in Q2, down again in Q3 and up in Q4. That's what we originally said back in December. That was, of course, prior to the Japan tragedy, and prior to what happened in Japan, we were on track to deliver against that guidance. There's kind of two scenarios now that I would paint for you. One is if Japan's Q2 is really impacted by the $50 million and then begins to recover, most likely, Q3 would now be up sequentially and then seasonal strength would bring sequential growth again in the fourth quarter, margins would grow sequentially in Q3 and again in Q4. That's one scenario. The second would be if the impact of the situation in Japan is, in Q2, much less than the $50 million, then our original quarter color is more likely to pan out. We continue to believe in our growth opportunities, we're taking prudent expense actions, but nothing drastic on the operating expense side, but until we see Japan improve, we do plan to keep operating expense relatively flat from Q2 to Q3. There'll probably be a seasonal uptick to OpEx in the fourth quarter, primarily in sales and marketing. So if you look at all of that as it relates to your question over the 10%, back in December, we did anticipate 10% revenue growth. But honestly, until we learn more about the true impact of Japan, it's just not prudent to comment on longer-term targets right now.
Mark Garrett: Sure thing. You're right, it does fluctuate quite a bit. If you net out Q1, as both Shantanu and I, I think, said in our prepared remarks, we're very pleased with our Q1 performance in terms of revenue, margin and earnings per share. And as you know, we always factor in the backlog when we give you our guidance. So it's already been factored in. If you look at the first quarter CS, Acrobat and Omniture all performed really well in the first quarter. The Enterprise value proposition is really resonating with customers. And we did see some large deals, as I said, push into the second quarter in the Enterprise space. Day was factored into our Q1 targets. It's now an integral part of that CEM Solution, and it's a large reason why we believe we can continue to grow this business 20%. If some of those deals didn't push into the second quarter, we probably would've been, frankly, towards the higher end of our range as opposed to over -- slightly over the middle of the range. And like I said as well, the Q2 pipeline for Enterprise is very strong. So if you net it out, we're happy with the quarter. Yes, we ended the quarter with no backlog, but, again, that's factored into the guidance.
Mark Garrett: Yes, so let me give you a little perspective about Japan. Our office is in Tokyo, we didn't have any real significant damage to the office itself. As Shantanu said, the most important thing is we've accounted for all the employees. We have roughly 300 people in the Tokyo office, in virtually every function, but primarily sales and marketing with some R&D folks. We don't have any manufacturing operations in Japan as it relates to creating the shrink wrap. We have asked our employees to work from home for now, given the rolling blackouts and the difficulties with transportation. If you look at our first quarter for Japan, it was seasonally strong, just as we had expected. And Brent, if you look at it, March, which falls in our Q2, it is the largest month of the year for us in Japan. And the first week of Q2, prior to the earthquake, was really strong, so we got off to a great start in the second quarter, as we expected. But there is no doubt that the pace of the revenue has changed since the earthquake. So what we're looking at in detail, and we've spent quite a bit of time on this, frankly, is weekly sell-through data for the first few weeks of the quarter, sales on Adobe.com for the first few weeks of the quarter, our Enterprise sales pipeline, and when we factor all that together and look at what we've seen so far, we come up with a $50 million negative impact, or roughly 30% of our Q2 revenue. And that's all we can do, frankly, at this point in time. In terms of how that starts to improve and the pace of that improvement over Q2, Q3, Q4, it's honestly too early to say. But obviously, when we get through the quarter, we'll tell you exactly how we did in Japan and be very transparent about how that played out relative to this $50 million.
Mark Garrett: No. I think what you're seeing in deferred, and you're going to, I think, continue to see this in deferred, is just continued growth as the hosted application businesses like Omniture continue to grow. That was the biggest driver in deferred and, obviously, that's a significant asset to that business.
Mark Garrett: So I think what I'd do, Steve, is go back to the guidance we gave you in December, which was that margins would have ticked down a little bit in the second quarter.
Mark Garrett: So Ross, for Q2, yes, we do expect sequential strength in Enterprise, and we would expect Omniture to be up sequentially as well. Since we didn't talk about a release date specifically, I can't really comment on what the mid-cycle release would do from a CS revenue as it relates to timing, at least not yet.
Mark Garrett: We said that, other than Omniture and the Enterprise increasing sequentially, everything else would be flat to slightly down.
Mark Garrett: Because of Japan, yes. I mean you have to remember that, as Shantanu said, Japan is predominately CS and Acrobat, so those would likely go down with the $50 million drop.
Mark Garrett: So you've seen on the hiring that we've added a fair number of people in the first quarter. We added people in the beginning here of the second quarter as well. And you're going to see that the hiring has continued to be primarily in the sales and marketing area to drive sales capacity for that Enterprise business. So that's where we continue to invest as it relates to headcount. In terms of margin in the first quarter, we just have done, I think, a good job of managing the cost structure of the company. And revenue came in strong, as we said. And the combination of good cost management and good performance on revenue is what's driving that margin.
Mark Garrett: Again, it's hard for me at this point to give you an annual target until we truly see what the impact of Japan is. So we're not prepared today to discuss full-year targets for revenue or for margin. I think we've proven that we can manage the margin and cost structure of the company fairly well. So we'll, obviously, react to revenue. To the extent that we do see this impact and to the extent that revenue starts to improve in Japan, you'll start to see margin improved.
Mark Garrett: So outside of Omniture, the Connect business has a recurring piece of revenue. Scene 7 has a recurring piece of revenue. Obviously, as we add subscription-type services with the next release on the Creative side, that will have a recurring piece of revenue. So we continue to try to add to that base of recurring revenue, which today, if you add it all up, is approaching 20%. And clearly, we want that to continue to increase without taking away from the current license revenue.
Shantanu Narayen: So Kash, why don't I take that one? I mean, as it relates to Japan, I would say the predominant part of our business in Japan is the Creative and the Acrobat business. And so when we factor in what's happening in Japan, the primary impact is to the Creative and the Acrobat business. The Enterprise business is smaller in Japan, which is why Mark in his prepared remarks said that we would actually expect the Enterprise revenue to grow sequentially quarter-over-quarter despite the impact in Japan. And with respect to the rest of the world, I mean, U.S. and Europe, as we look at our three growth opportunities, we continue to feel that the opportunity that we outlined in December still remains. So no issues at all that we've seen so far of the Japan impact outside Japan.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I think as it relates to the Digital Publishing Suite, the reason why we're excited is frankly, it enables us to deliver authoring content, authoring not just on the desktop the way we've been doing, but to actually extend that offering by also providing a hosted solution. Just for others as well on the call, the revenue model associated with the Digital Publishing Suite, we have two editions right now. We have an Enterprise Edition and we have a Professional Edition. And the Enterprise Edition fundamentally has a few more customization as well as enterprise-level features, including analytics, built in. For example, using the Omniture SiteCatalyst and the Professional editing edition is really more about the standardized mid-market. And as I said, again, we really think that the Publishing Suite is going to be used not just for newspapers and magazines, which is the first beachhead, but much like InDesign, we expect book publishers as well as professional material to start using the Digital Publishing Suite. The cost of the solution, currently, we charge a yearly platform fee. And then in addition to that, there's a downloaded per-issue fee, which depends, frankly, on the publisher volume that exists. And in terms of the current beta testers, now that they've moved to the generally available version, our business model seems to be resonating with them, and the pipeline continues to be healthy. That is so early in the development. But as you see more tablets emerge, as you see every single publisher, whether it be an enterprise publisher, whether it be a government publisher or a media publisher, they will need a solution like the Digital Publishing Suite to get their content out to all of the different devices that exist. So I think they're very well-positioned. All of the titles, frankly, are still in the U.S., and when you start to think about how we get geographic expansion, there's a lot of opportunity up ahead for us.
Shantanu Narayen: So a couple of things on that, Brad. I think we've been saying for a while that we are hearing from our customers that in order for us to enable them to deal with the multiscreen revolution that's happening, to deal with all of the multiple formats, we've been asked to provide more frequent releases. And as I said again, the mid-cycle release will start to focus on both integration of the Creative Suite with the Digital Publishing Suite. There'll be a fair amount of video production features that are going into that release as well as more capability, both for Flash and for HTML. I will say it sooner rather than later, but frankly, I'm not going to announce the product on this call right now. And the excitement around some of that functionality by the beta testers gives us room for optimism.
Shantanu Narayen: So Steve, maybe I'll also just add to your prior comment. I think as Mark said, in the short run, we've taken some prudent stab at expenses, but another way of modeling what the margin might have looked like is to take that $50 million impact and then add it to the top line. And that would've had, as you can clearly see, a significant uplift in the operating margin. With respect to the deals itself, the deals greater than $100,000, actually in the quarter that just completed in Q1, they grew fairly significantly, both over Q4 '10 as well as on a year-over-year basis over Q1. And we didn't put it in the data sheet more because we are more and more providing such a comprehensive offering, both in Creative and Acrobat as well as in the Omniture and Content Experience Management Solutions that, that number, frankly, is less relevant right now, because the revenue reflects the progress that we're making. But on a year-over-year basis as well as on a quarter-over-quarter basis, there was fairly significant improvement in those deals.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think the way you can look at that, Steve, is the real goal for the mid-cycle release are -- continue to enhance the functionality, as I mentioned. We have talked about our desire to introduce subscriptions worldwide, which enables us to target the more price-sensitive customers. This would be in addition to the standard models that we have. We do not expect the mid-cycle release to cause a big shift in how people buy software. It will continue to be predominantly the shrink-wrap and the Licensing, and I think we'll see a nice supplement through the subscription model. And then you can expect another release in 2012.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Mike, again, the subscription would really be a new offering from Adobe on a worldwide basis. And the goal there is to allow new customers to use the Creative products sort of on a pay-as-you-go basis. And what we found in the early reports is that it's really valued by customers who seek flexibility and affordability of the monthly payments, and it attracts new customers who otherwise would not buy. We do think it's an opportunity to, frankly, target customers who haven't stayed current with CS4 or CS5. And all of those get factored into the revenue targets that we actually give out. And so that's the way I would look at subscriptions. In addition to that, clearly, we will continue as we get a regular cadence for the Creative products to also continue to offer both maintenance or upgrade plans, and that allows licensing customers to also stay current.
Shantanu Narayen: So Adam, certainly, there are some customers for whom we do Enterprise licensing agreements across the spectrum of Adobe products. And so people who are using Creative Suite and Acrobat on the desktop and then, in conjunction with that, are buying Omniture as well as buying the Customer Experience Management Solutions and with Day. But to really answer the question more specifically, as it relates to Omniture, 2010 was a record bookings year. We continued to see good strength in the Omniture business, and we would expect to see 2011 also continue to grow bookings the 20% that we've talked to you about. As it relates to the customer experience management, what we did very successfully in Q1 was, frankly, to start to position the entire offering integrating Day. And as I said, we've actually already released a version of Day Software that allows you to have Omniture analytics, and we'll be enabling people who use Creative Suite to tie into that content management offering. And so it really was re-branding all of those new products. The Enterprise pipeline has been healthy. If anything, I would say, there was a little bit of push in the government in the U.S., but otherwise, we've seen strength across the world.
Shantanu Narayen: No. I think traditionally, we've added Acrobat because Acrobat is on a different product cycle than Creative, because Acrobat is also used a lot by the Creative community in terms of updating the releases. But for the most part, I would say that this is really a new strategy and given all of the functionality that we're putting in with respect to multiple screen as well as Digital Publishing Solution. We also did things like bundled the Macromedia products when we acquired Macromedia, but I would say this is really the first significant mid-cycle release.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. As it relates to Omniture, I do want to reiterate, we had a very, very successful Omniture Marketing summit that we had. And just the interest as it relates to the entire Adobe Online Marketing Suite, it continues to grow. The real impetus for releasing a new version of the core platform is to, frankly, enable it to continue to be efficient and to start to address the issues as it relates to social, video, as well as mobile. I mean, the amount of mobile growth that we're seeing through SiteCatalyst exceeds the growth that we're seeing, clearly, on PCs. And so the upgrade process for most customers is fairly transparent. As you can imagine, as a SaaS-based business, we moved them from one version of the product or platform to another version of the product. And so our new customers will start to move onto the new platform. We'll start to see the efficiencies associated with it. But, frankly, within the context of Adobe and from a CapEx point of view, all of that is factored into the target that Mark gives. So we're focused on continuing to drive efficiencies on the hardware side, but I think it's less of an issue than it was for Omniture as a stand-alone company.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Phil, I think, order of magnitude, that's a good way to think of it. I mean, we want to continue to deliver value to our customers and to keep them on the current releases. And I think we've talked about the amount of fundamental innovation that continues to go in, a 24-month cycle is a good time frame for us to update most of the customers. But there's significant value that we can continue to provide on an annual basis, and that really is our goal.
Shantanu Narayen: And Chad, I would say Mark and I have had a lot of discussions with the entire executive team. When you think about the three growth areas that we outlined, we continue to be really excited about the long-term growth opportunities. And we're not going to do anything that, in the short run, that impacts those long-term growth opportunities. I think we've already demonstrated that we are going to be prudent with Q2 expenses so that we can keep track of what's going on in Japan. But I would not take our comments in any way as a reflection of any reduced optimism in our growth opportunities moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Blair. The education market had a nice rebound. That continues to be an area of investment as well as opportunity for us across the world. And so we had a strong quarter in education.  Well, thank you again for joining us today. As Mark said, we were pleased with our Q1 performance as well as the upside that we delivered from an EPS and the margin. And as a company, we continue to remain focused on the three growth opportunities that we outlined. Thank you.
