Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had a strong Q1, driving record revenue across our Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud businesses. We achieved $4.66 billion in revenue, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter, was $2.71 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.80. Digital is reshaping how we connect and engage with the world around us. Our performance demonstrates the critical role that Adobe products are playing in fueling the global digital economy, empowering everyone everywhere to imagine, create and bring any digital experience to life. We are executing against our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses, delivering on our innovative product roadmap and engaging a growing universe of customers from individuals to small businesses to the largest enterprises. Given the recent news reports, I wanted to provide an update on the process and timing of our pending acquisition of Figma. We remain excited about the opportunity to advance product design, accelerate collaborative creativity on the web, and redefine the future of creativity and productivity. The potential combination continues to be well received by customers, industry analysts and partners. In addition, we are preparing for integration as we work through the regulatory process. From the outset, we have been well prepared for all potential scenarios while realistic about the regulatory environment. We have completed the discovery phase of the U.S. DOJ second request and are prepared for next steps, whether that is an approval or a challenge. Adobe remains confident in the facts underlying the case. And based on current process timing, we believe the transaction continues to be on track for a close by the end of 2023. It goes without saying that our Q1 success demonstrates that we continue to be ruthlessly focused on executing against our immense opportunities, independent of this combination. David, over to you.
Shantanu Narayen: I’ll take the first, Alex, and then maybe Dan can speak to the second. I mean, I think, as Dan said, when we look at the macroeconomic situation, and you can see strong companies actually refer to this across the board, whether it’s consumers, whether it’s small and medium businesses, whether it’s enterprises globally, I think the reality is that digital for them is an imperative. And really for companies that have innovative solutions, it’s a tailwind. I think what a lot of companies are focused on is the message that enterprises are certainly sharing is that if the prior focus was growth at any cost, certainly, they are looking for more profitable growth. And I think if you look at our solutions on the creative document or enterprise side, we help them. We help them with growth, but we help them with profitable growth and engaging with customers. The second thing I would say is that there is a large TAM here, and so I think our job in this environment is making sure that we have an even larger pipeline that we go address and attract because there may be some difference in the closure rates. But I think if you look at it in aggregate, our job is looking at it and saying how do we differentiate ourselves. I think the one thing also I would say, Alex, is that a lot of the companies that have single product offerings, I think they are probably seeing more headwind because a certain company may not put one part of what they offer as a priority. And I think a lot of the companies are looking at it and saying if we’re engaging in digital, we might change our focus from content management to the implementation of the customer data platform or there might be a focus more on campaigns or ensuring that the advertising spend, the attribution associated with it. So I think the team has executed against continuing to try and drive a large opportunity. The other thing I think we feel good about is the fact that both Summit as well as in the U.S. and UK, we’re looking forward to being in person because we can engage more in person with them. So hopefully, that gives you some color of why perhaps the stronger companies are showing more macro strength than other companies.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe just putting it altogether if you look at it and say that, hey, we did $410 million in Q1, we are targeting $420 million of net new ARR in Q2. The question you would have asked us if we hadn’t done this was what are you signaling about the second half of the year. So I think it’s a way of showing that the momentum is there in the business.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, for a couple of years right now, we’ve been really focused on what we’ve called in the past, the data-driven operating model and really being pretty focused on driving the business both with the narrative and the number. And so I think as we continue to, as David mentioned, have different products. And he is really focused on how we are acquiring them, how are we engaging them, what’s the usage, how do we make sure they are getting value for the product, how do we continuously tell them about what’s new. And then I think as David has come in and introduced the notion of product PLG, I think that part has also really started to reflect in making sure that customers know that we’re building products and features that are relevant for the pain points that they have. So I would say the underlying business, while they are sort of the digital imperative, I wouldn’t underestimate the incredible execution that the team continues to do on that or in DX. I mean how do you look at the solutions we’re selling? How do you understand cross-sell? How do you understand upsell? And I think the hours and hours of work that goes in is sometimes not appreciated, but I’m incredibly respectful and appreciative of what the teams have done. So a lot of execution is, I think, the short answer.
Shantanu Narayen: And just to punctuate that maybe a little bit, Jay. I mean the reality is that we actually have different pricing for different devices today, which is completely different. We have web-based pricing for people who come and experience this as a result of a web search that they have made more successfully through Acrobat Web, for example. And so if the question is when we have had things like design collection or web collection or video collection, I mean the reality is the CCO laps, which actually had a really good quarter, is perceived by people to be the new sort of table stakes for what is happening in creative, and we think that that’s a great offering. And as David said, I mean whether it’s Stock or whether it is Substance and our 3D offerings, what we are doing there, those are really perceived to be the differential offerings that are personalized. And for a Photoshop customer, how do we get them to use one of these other offerings. So, I think we have done a really good job on that particular front.
Shantanu Narayen: And there is more scrutiny, wouldn’t you say, Anil, that so I think part of what’s happening is as the IT or the Chief Marketing Officer, the Chief Digital Officer is thinking about this holistically. There is more scrutiny around who is the company that can provide us the more comprehensive solutions. So, that – you have seen, Jay, a certain difference in how customers are viewing that, which again plays to our strengths.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Saket, maybe I will first jump in. I mean I think just let’s remember before they answer, these are two separate companies, and so we are operating at arm’s length in terms of what they are doing. I think we have shared upfront that the XD revenue is de minimis, and so that’s the part that I wanted to get across. And then David can certainly speak to some of the strategic rationale and ideas for what we can do.
Shantanu Narayen: Happy to, Brent, and I hope we get to see you next week at Summit because then you willalso get to meet a whole bunch of customers. I think – and Anil, certainly feel free to add. I mean I think we saw some really good transformational deals. I think both Dan and Anil referred to that. And so companies that are looking at Adobe to help them with their entire end-to-end customer experience management, good strength there, Brent. I mean those tend to be ones that we have worked with for many years and some that are really looking at it as a strategic. So, I would say that segment, the pipeline associated with people who are looking for a comprehensive and integrated CXM solution is pretty large. I think as it relates to what we call the solution-led segment as well, which is people who may have our analytic solutions and want content solutions or those who have both of those and want journey optimizer or customer journey analytics or certainly the commerce solutions, that’s another part of the business where we are making sure that we can up-sell. I know Anil typically at every FA meeting gives you stats and metrics on how we are making progress. So, that is one. Given we have the customer relationship and we have the customer engagement, and we have customer success managers, I think continuing to penetrate a customer account, that’s where also we see pipeline. And that’s a pipeline that’s driven, frankly, by us. I think in terms of the geographies, we continue to see strength in North America. I think when you think about EMEA, that remains an area of strength. There are some areas in Asia, some countries in Asia. So, our job there, really, Brent, has been how do you drive a large pipeline, understanding that there is going to be different companies that look at this differently in specific quarter, but we are focused on the addressable market. Anil, I don’t know if you have other stuff to add.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brent, the other thing I will say, given just the last question is, I think at Summit, you will see some of the themes. I mean certainly, content has been a theme for us for a long time. Data has been a theme for us for a long time. The focus on customer platform and CDP has been a big one. I think how this spreads its tentacles into the product and PLG as David has said, so I think we have some exciting things that we will talk about in that particular space in AI and how AI can help. So, we are not just resting on what we have today as an integrated offering. We are really the innovative product roadmap across each one of our businesses, what Dave has been doing in creative, what’s happening in documents on the web and mobile devices and what Anil is going to show. I think that’s also what gives us a lot of confidence that we are anticipating and solving customer problems. And so it was a strong start to Q1. And based on the product innovation, we really continue to be excited about the opportunity that we have at Adobe, and we look forward to seeing all of you at Summit.
Anil Chakravarthy: Thanks, David. Hello everyone. During the 2022 holiday season, e-commerce drove a record $211 billion with 38 days of $3-plus billion in daily spend according to the Adobe Digital Economy Index. Companies across B2B and B2C need an integrated customer experience management platform that empowers them to anticipate and meet the expectations of their customers. Today, digital is especially critical in enabling companies to drive profitable growth by delivering engaging and efficient customer experiences across the entire funnel, and Adobe is uniquely positioned to power experience-led growth. Experience Cloud offers a comprehensive portfolio of products that span the entire experience life cycle from marketing planning and workflows to data insights and activation to content and commerce and customer journeys. Built natively on Adobe Experience platform, our real-time CDP provides businesses with actionable customer profiles, leveraging data from online and off-line channels to deliver personalized experiences at scale. In Q1, we continued to drive strong growth in our Experience Cloud business, achieving $1.18 billion in revenue. Subscription revenue was $1.04 billion, both representing 14% year-over-year growth. Petco is a great example of a B2C company leveraging Adobe’s comprehensive set of products to create and deliver engaging experiences. Petco uses Creative Cloud to create content and Experience Cloud, including real-time CDP and Adobe Journey Optimizer, to orchestrate personalized experiences across their pet care ecosystem, including veterinary care, grooming, training and insurance. On the B2B side, Qualcomm is harnessing experience cloud to deliver personalized experiences and improve marketing performance as well as Creative Cloud and Document Cloud to accelerate content velocity across its business lines. Additional Q1 highlights include high retention rates and strong demand for services, demonstrating our customers’ focus on long-term value realization; strong growth in Adobe Experience Platform and our native applications, inclusive of real-time CDP, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics; momentum for Workfront, which is powering workflows to help teams around the globe collaborate and launch campaigns with ease and efficiency; significant wins over single product competitors in analytics, content management and CDP that underscore Adobe’s differentiation; leadership in industry analyst reports, including the Forrester Wave for Digital Intelligence Platforms, the Forrester Wave for Cross-Channel Marketing Hubs and Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Digital Experience Platforms; a significant number of transformational deals, including Accenture, Carnival Aida, Costco, IBM, MetLife, Paramount, Pfizer, S&P Global, TD Bank and Tim Hortons. The Digital Experience business had a strong start to the year. Enterprises are focused on driving revenue growth through digital channels while increasing the productivity of their investments in customer experience and marketing. Experience Cloud is uniquely positioned to help enterprise customers across the world unlock profitable growth. Next week, we are excited to host Adobe Summit, the world’s largest digital experience conference. It’s our first time coming together in person in Las Vegas since 2019. And we’ll be joined online by tens of thousands of customers, partners and developers from around the world. In addition to unveiling exciting new technology innovation across Experience Cloud, we will host inspirational C-level executives from several companies at the forefront of the digital economy. I will now pass it to Dan.
Anil Chakravarthy: Yes. Let me start on the digital experience side. We have a broad and comprehensive portfolio, and it’s integrated with the Adobe Experience Platform. So, from a customer perspective, they get the best of both worlds. They get those best-in-class applications, whether it’s content and commerce or customer journeys or data insights or workflow, marketing workflow, and they get the benefit of integration with the Adobe Experience Platform and the native apps that we have built there. So, that’s a powerful combination. It helps to really address what Shantanu was talking about, which is how do you keep growing through your digital channels and you get the revenue growth, but you also get the benefit of getting efficiency through consolidation. And that’s where we believe we really shine as customers are looking at their overall stack, similar to what they have done in other aspects of their IT enterprise architecture. They are looking at who is my go-to platform that I can really standardize on and I will build around, and so we are getting the benefit of that choice.
Anil Chakravarthy: Yes. From the DX perspective, we obviously started investing in AEP 5 years ago. Now we have lots of examples of customers who are using some of the capabilities like unified profile or the real-time CDP and the real-time performance at scale in production. So, from a customers’ perspective, if they think about a single product, they actually know what an integrated product looks like, and they realize that that’s what they would have to build together, build on their own. So, I think that’s making the choice of going with a product from Adobe, which is already integrated with also best-in-class applications versus a single product where they would have to put it together. I think that’s making the contrast more stark.
Anil Chakravarthy: I think the only thing I would say is I think the themes that we are going to hit on at Summit, personalization at scale, content supply chain, even for customers who are starting with a single product, they like that vision because they know that, that is what is key to driving the digital growth and driving profitable growth. So, even if they are starting with one and focusing on value realization, they have their eye on a longer term roadmap, and that benefits our relationship with them.
Dan Durn: Yes. Thanks, Brad. There is really no change in our view in the macro environment. I think we’re pretty clear at the time we set our annual guidance, the environment that we’re in. We see the environment that others see. I think you can see that the company is performing really well against that backdrop. So we feel good about how we’re situated, the way in which we’re engaging with customers and its broad diversified performance across that environment. And so we like how we’re set up, but there is really no change to the assumptions underlying the macro environment. We see the same environment that others do.
Dan Durn: And Alex, I’ll jump in on the second part of the question. As we think about RPO being up 13% year-over-year on a constant currency basis, you think about the underlying performance of deferred revenue, unbilled backlog, it’s very similar profile across both of those dimensions of the RPO. If you think about cash flow, the one thing I would point to, we all know that there has been a change in the tax regulation around capitalization of R&D expenses. We signaled at the time we set our annual targets that we would see a step-up in cash taxes starting this quarter, and that’s really what you see profiling through operating cash.
Dan Durn: Yes. So let me take them in reverse order. In terms of cash taxes, there is a 5-year amortization period around the capitalization of that R&D. So you’ll see a pretty dramatic cash tax step-up initially. But over that 5-year amortization period, it will converge on the reported tax rate. And so that’s the general profile, and that’s why you see the significant step-up in Q1 just starting that process now. In terms of the environment we are in, clearly, the company is performing well. You see the diversification of our business that’s across geographies, industry sectors, product portfolio. The company is just performing well at a broad base way on the strength of that performance and the momentum we have, the visibility we have into the full year. We think it’s the prudent thing to set expectations with investors in a way that reflects what we see as the opportunity in the company-specific performance. When I take a step back and I think about what is driving that differential performance in this environment, I think our products are mission-critical to our customers. We are on the critical path of them generating revenue. But as the world goes digital and those investments are prioritized, not only do we help companies drive top line growth, but we help them with the underlying productivity gains that go with that. It is why customers in this environment are prioritizing around things that we sell to enable their success. It addresses top line performance as well as underlying profitability of our customers. So being on the critical path, being mission critical to customers, we think this is the type of environment where the power of Adobe and the performance of the company gets to shine.
David Wadhwani: Yes. And I’ll just add a little bit specific to Digital Media. The foundation of the growth that we have, we still feel a very significant tailwind even in this market. Shantanu talked about the strength of the enterprise business. Every business needs to be a digital business. Digital content is fueling the global economy. That’s true for smaller organizations and individuals as well. If you look at the creator economy, we’re seeing more people come in to start to create their own personal online brands. So we saw a very strong digital funnel. As well, we had the highest traffic that we’ve ever had come to adobe.com. And even in small, medium businesses, the part of their business that they need to invest most in is the digital channel as Dan was talking about. You look at that diversity, you then layer on the diversity of the growth drivers that we have in the business, whether it’s new user acquisition, whether it’s upsell of existing users, whether it’s retention rates, whether it’s new businesses like Substance or Stock or the pricing and packaging opportunities that we have. Every one of those levers has been very productive for us. In terms of primary growth driver, it is and always has been new user acquisition. It is by far the biggest contributor, and a lot of the PLG work that we’ve done over the last year or 1.5 years is contributing to not just top of funnel, but also conversion of that top of funnel. In terms of upsell and migration, we’ve been investing for a decade or more in education, and we have a very efficient channel now where students that graduate effectively upgrade and migrate into full priced offerings. That drove a very strong Creative Cloud individual all apps quarter for us. Retention, we’ve been doing a lot of work in retention through PLG, but we’ve also been driving a lot of utilization of Adobe Express as part of the Creative Cloud business. All of that combined makes for a very strong retention rate. New businesses, we talked about Substance and Frame having outsized growth. And of course, the pricing and packaging work that we’ve been doing and all along continues to contribute to that, both for CC and Acrobat CCDC as a whole. So looking ahead, all of these drivers and these levers are intact, and we have lots of opportunities going forward as well.
David Wadhwani: Yes. As Shantanu talked about, it’s a holistic process. First of all, we’ve, over the last couple of years, spent a lot of time with product-led growth. What that gives us is confidence that when people come to Adobe.com and they get into the products, they are going to have a great onboarding experience. They are more likely to convert, and they are more likely to stay, which then starts to give us more confidence and growth in terms of improving what has already been a world class in terms of lifetime value. As that happens, we’ve been running more targeted campaigns with things for Photoshop and Acrobat and Illustrator as an example that are more targeted to the growth activities and the landing pages in the products themselves. And we’ve actually been connecting all of our outbound marketing activities with landing pages in the products themselves. So we have been able to really increase our demand efforts and the ROI associated with that to bring more traffic to top of funnel. In addition to that, we have been investing a lot in growth loops. So people are able to now when using the products actually share some of – share the content out to stakeholders. Those stakeholders are able to look at that content, but also become top of funnel opportunity for us. If you look at Acrobat Web, as an example, we have seen a massive increase in terms of Acrobat Web usage driven by things like Share for Review. So, that drives more top of funnel for us. And then third is partnerships. We have been working very closely with Microsoft as an example. We have announced that Reader, as an example, will be the default PDF viewer in Edge, which now gives us access to over billion users on Windows-based devices. So, it’s a cacophony of these activities that ultimately results in strong top of funnel. And then as we talked about, it’s really about the hard work and the data to drive personalized experiences at scale, leveraging a lot of Anil’s DX businesses and products to drive users all the way through to conversion.
David Wadhwani: And on the DME side, we look at the – just like all the energy in the market around single product players, whether it’s a mobile app, whether it’s a web app or whether it’s this excitement, incredible excitement and that we have as well around generative AI really is focused on driving top of funnel because it’s driving a lot of awareness of creativity and the things that people want to do. And ultimately, as they leverage those apps, as they see themselves as more accretive, they inevitably end up at our doorstep going forward.
David Wadhwani: Kash, I think there was about three or four questions, but all related. So, happy to take those really quickly. Nicely played. First of all, this is really about increasing the total number of users, we believe, very strongly. As we talked about at MAX, this is about enhancing human creativity, not replacing it. And ultimately, whether you are an individual solo printer SMB or enterprise, we are hearing the same thing, which is that you need to create more content than you are able to create today. And so this really plays well into our core strengths. As you know, we have got a decades-long focus on AI, things like neural filters and object selection. And hundreds of other features have been based on AI for us, and they have increased creativity, and they have increased productivity, and they have helped people keep up with the demand for content. They have also made it easier for people to onboard into the experiences, and so we have been able to broaden the opportunity for people to start leveraging and using our core products. We have now been able to leverage the hundreds of people that are in our research organization and really target them towards generative technology, which we believe is a huge step forward, leveraging all of the work we have done, but a huge step forward going forward. And we and everyone else in the industry are still in the early innings. So, to give you a sense of where we are going at MAX, we talked about our vision for effectively not just creating content, but really engaging and embedding it in the existing workflows to create a creative copilot we refer to it as. And since then, we have been very hard at work at creating our own model, and the model that we are focused on is around output quality. So, it’s about best-of-breed generative AI. But combining that with the Adobe magic that we have talked about over the years and all of the technology we have that takes images and makes them better, and so the output quality, we think is going to be differentiated. The second thing is around commercial reuse. There is a lot of complex questions here around copyrights, around diversity and inclusion, about harmful content that’s being created. That’s something we take very seriously, and we are embedding that into everything we do. And the third thing is really about workflow integration. Creating an image is just the start. It’s not the end. And Adobe is the only player that has a full end-to-end workflow, not just within the products and the tools that we have in the digital media business, but also everything that Anil is doing around the content workflow and the content supply chain out to the point of distribution. And in fact, because of this, we are seeing other gentech companies wanting to partner with us more and more, and so we feel like we are in a really advantaged position where we are going to come out with our own model and we are going to be partnering with others to make sure that because of our distribution and the place we play in the market, we can bring a lot of this value to actual fruition. And stay tuned, next week at Summit, where we have a lot of exciting announcements and progress to make there. And then last to your, I think fourth or fifth question.
David Wadhwani: Monetization, we are very excited about what this means for the business. New user onboarding. We think that, again, if you can start to imagine yourself as creative by using a text prompt, we can take you through that full journey and onboard you into other Adobe offerings. It’s also great for retention. We have always seen the more value that gets used in our core offerings, the better the retention rates and the better the LTV. And we think there is up-sell opportunity. We do think these are distinct new packages that we can bring to market and up-sell people to.
David Wadhwani: Yes. So, starting with the DME side, Jay, for broad understanding, what we talked about at Adobe MAX was this recognition that since we introduced Creative Cloud 10 years or 11 years ago, we have now a much more comprehensive set of capabilities all the way from a freemium model with Adobe Express, all the way to our high-end creative cloud offerings, but also additional capabilities and packages beyond that like Substance and like Frame and like Stock that allow people to go beyond what they can do with the core creative products. The second thing that, in addition to that expansion that’s happened is that as we have been driving more with DDAM [ph] and more with product-led growth, we are starting to automatically segment customers, not necessarily today in terms of what they buy, but how they experience the products that they are using already. And so what that leads to is an opportunity. And then going back to all the levers that we have for ongoing growth, there is the opportunity to start segmenting them earlier in the purchase flow into offers and offers that meet their needs and optimize the value to the price in a way that benefits our customers and of course also benefits Adobe. So, you can expect to see us continuing to play with everything from how we get new users, how we up-sell users, how we retain them, new businesses we bring in, but also pricing and packaging to your point.
David Wadhwani: Yes. So, I think there is a ton of opportunity in terms of how we look at the Figma business and figure out Figma opportunity. First of all, as we have discussed, we believe that we can just fundamentally accelerate what they are doing today in product design. We have a global footprint. We are working with a lot of our – with enterprise customers across the globe, and the feedback that we are getting from these enterprise customers is a lot of excitement about the kind of things we can do by bringing these two companies together to just accelerate and make them more productive in terms of what they want to accomplish and just accelerate everything that they are doing. The second thing is around taking workflows between Photoshop and Illustrator and Figma and really just operationalizing them in a way that we can bring real-time collaboration capabilities based on the Figma platform to these – to the core disciplines like illustration and video editing and photography and 3D design and more. And the third is really around the evolution with FigJam, bringing that into the core for productivity use cases. So, taking FigJam and integrating it more deeply with things like Acrobat and starting to just recognize that creativity is starting to be the foundation of how new productivity applications need to present themselves. And that whole motion of enabling productivity workers to express themselves creatively is where the market is going with the rise of the creator economy. And so we see – we just see a ton of opportunities to integrate the products. We can’t – we are limited in what we can talk to them about in a moment. But what I can say is everyone from Adobe employees to Figma employees, to our customers, can’t wait for this to close so we can actually get moving on all this.
