Shantanu Narayen: Sure, happy to. And as you pointed out, I mean, firstly, digital transformation is a massive addressable opportunity. And it's clear that we are the leaders. We had a great quarter. Bookings grew north of 15%. As you saw, we had good revenue. We successfully have introduced brand new products, which we believe are going to be the growth drivers from what we did with the Adobe Experience Platform, what we did with Customer Journey Analytics, the Customer Data Platform, as well as what we are doing around both, Commerce as well as the Adobe Experience Cloud in the Cloud Service. So, the business and the interest frankly, because there isn't a small and medium business or large enterprise that isn't interested in how digital can help them deal with the current health situation. So, bookings have been strong, business has been strong. I think, as it relates to revenue, you have to continue to think about the wind-down of the Advertising Cloud business, which continues to happen. We expect bookings to be strong. And then, the other issue for us is really, as the macroeconomic environment, you think about the spending patterns, but net-net for us, we thought the business did really well. It was a great rebound, from what we had expected in Q2, which was both on the consulting side as well as on the net ASP, we thought it would be slightly slow. So, we're really excited. And we're in the sweet spot of what is clearly a growth business.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Saket, first, I will say this, his has been the fastest ramp that I have seen of any executive that we've got. So, he is doing an absolutely fantastic job, and a great addition to what you know is already a very strong management team that I'm blessed with at Adobe. Maybe I would say three things. The first is on the product side, he's really got his hands around the platform and the innovation associated with the platform, the delivery of Customer Journey Analytics. We had a great quarter with the Adobe Experience Platform and a number of customers adopting it, what we are doing around CDP and the real-time nature of what we can do as well as intelligent services that are leveraging Adobe Sensei. So, on the product and innovation making sure that we have this platform that we integrate all our products is really added a lot of value there. But that will continue to be the area where I think we can completely differentiate ourselves relative to anybody else. Because while others are talking about providing this unified profile, as you know, we have tens of billions profiles already in Adobe Experience Platform. I think, the second area is with the unified organization really focusing on the customers and the customer centricity and what we are doing with partners. The structure for U.S. and international is set up. And he is focused on aggressively evangelizing both, our vision as well as the differentiation in the marketplace. And one side benefit, Saket, of everybody working from home is we can engage with customers so much better, and routine day consists of significant customer engagement. So, that's clearly the area that he's focused on, because he needs to be out there as the leader of this. And third, I would say, the culture. Adobe's culture has always been a unique point and focus on talent and hiring, and where there is significant opportunity, making sure that we have the best talent. So, he's already been able to recruit some key people as additions to his management team. But, there is a lot to do and there is a lot that he's done. And so, we're very excited about having him onboard.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Brent, I'm surprised you didn't talk about the Q3 upside as well. I mean, we just saw [Multiple Speakers]. Fair enough. We saw tremendous performance. I mean, as you see, what's happening in both creativity and document productivity, Brent, I mean, the business is just firing on all cylinders. And that has to do both with products, as well as, frankly, with services. We didn't maybe comment specifically on the services, but the services, the stock business just continues to do well, there's no question we're gaining market share. The sign business has grown very successfully. But if you continue to think about, I think, what's driving that business, the first is, we sharpened our focus on usage and engagement. And the usage and engagement that we did really help improve retention rates back to the pre-COVID levels. So, that focus will just continue. We have a very large book of business. The education, education had a good quarter. So, we have continued focus on education. Individual apps, we talked about Lightroom, Photoshop and Premiere Pro as areas where there is a lot of interest in our business. And also, the sophistication of what we talked about, namely the marketing attribution, and models, it just helps us spend money so efficiently and sustain the durability of the acquisition of new customers and trends. So, as you pointed out, when we look at the second half performance, it just demonstrates how both, Creative Cloud and Document Cloud frankly are the preeminent platforms. And we should continue to see good strength from our Q3 back into Q4. So, we're excited.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Kash, we've been talking about the trends that are going to be tailwinds across each of our businesses, whether it was Creativity, Document Productivity or a specifically to your question, Digital Transformation. The genie's not going to vote back in the bottle. I mean, we've certainly seen, as you point out, an inflection in the business, as it relates to the demand in digital transformation. But, my perspective on this business is, it's just going to gain importance. I think, as the macroeconomic environment improves, the spending will actually open up in terms of what people spend. And we've been touching on customer experience management as a imperative and a priority for enterprise spend for a while, and I don't think that changes. So, I think everybody's recognizing that not having a commerce website, not being able to engage digitally with customers -- and I think the two areas where we're seeing the most excitement is this unified profile. Because people now absolutely recognize where you have a physical presence and you have a digital presence, you have to absolutely create a unified experience, and that I think is only going to accelerate. So you will see more physical perhaps once the vaccine is present. But, that's not going to change the need to provide this unified experience. And on the marketing spend side, more and more is going to go digital and people will want to run more of these digital campaigns with customers. So, I think the basic trends of personalization of unified profile of customer experience management are only going to continue once the pandemic. And I actually feel like that should hopefully signal an improvement in the macroeconomic environment for everybody. I think, a lot of what's happened right now is people want to spend in digital, but their spending ability may be limited. And as that spending ability opens up as the economy improves, I don't think it changes the priority. I think, it frankly opens up spending.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brad, maybe if I were to add just a little bit on top of that, what you have to do is again, harking back to what we said is the overall addressable market opportunity for all of our businesses and on the Creative and Document Cloud route as we talk about a greater than $30 billion addressable opportunity. This sophistication just helps us target all those people with more efficiency. And, as John said, the constant changing nature of where that marketing goes, we definitely view that as a differentiation for us in terms of what product, what service, what geography across what channel.
Shantanu Narayen: I can add, and then Jennifer, John, certainly feel free. I mean, overall, on that business, I think there was a slight performance in what we saw in the Ad Cloud revenue in the quarter. So, that might account for what you are referring to. I think, big picture, we just look at it and say, this is a growth business. What we've been able to do by aligning is to make sure that we're focused on the highest priority growth objectives. And so, it's still a growth business that's a real focus for us. But, as it relates to the overall margins, I mean, the Company performed exceedingly well. I would argue, maybe we were a little conservative, frankly, because we were unclear of the macroeconomic environment in terms of hiring, but we're certainly going to be opening up the hiring in research and development to continue to do differentiate ourselves. And on the Digital Experience, now that we've consolidated the organization, we've eliminated all the inefficiencies. We made the strategic change on Advertising Cloud. Now, we feel like it's all going to be profitable growth as we invest in the Digital Experience business.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Jay, I think what's been consistent in the business and areas that continue to show both, growth as well as interest from customers is first and foremost content and data. And so, I think when we think about what's happening with content, the use case of people increasingly moving to cloud services on the Adobe Experience Manager side, creating new mobile applications than engaging directly with customers, I think that just continues to be an area of significant growth. On the data side, as we have added more capabilities, both to Adobe Analytics, as well as with the Adobe Experience Platform of being able to say what is the insight that people are getting, I mean, we're all looking at data, even more stringently in this environment. And so, the use case associated with going from collecting that data to getting insights on that data, the demand for that particular area of our solutions, including in intelligent services, whereas as you know, we have intelligence services that are associated with each of the solutions. That's an area of increase. I would say, the third area is this unified profile and just being able to get all of the data, that's clearly a trend, Jay. Because people recognize that they have all these silos. And that was even more accentuated by what's happening in the health. So, the need and desire to get this unified profile, so that they can serve the customer adequately, that use case. And when we are talking about Customer Journey Analytics, how you do the equivalent of what we have done with DDOM, I think that's the use case that's clearly resonating with customers. Commerce, I would say, the commerce use case and how you have to find different models, whether it's a subscription based business model of transacting with customers, whether it's loyalty based business model, so I think the commerce and using commerce to accomplish new business models, I think that use case has also increased. And the last thing I would say is between B2B and B2C? We've talked about that distinction blurring. But, I think all B2B companies, still stating how can we both work directly and engage with customers as well as through a network of partners, I hear that over and over again. So whether you're a company providing goods through a distribution channel, whether you're a car manufacturer, all of them recognize that they have to bridge this gap between being deemed a B2B company and a B2C company.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Sterling, we looked at both those trends quite a bit as we went through the quarter. And, I would say, as it relates to the stimulus, when the first package came out, this was early, we saw appreciable difference in sort of the payment successes and what happened with the individual subscribers. So, we saw a correlation associated with that, subsequent ones have not. And as I said, the engagement work that we did helped us get retention back up to the levels that we had pre-COVID. So, I don't know whether that was a initial catalyst. But to us, it just demonstrated the increased importance of the solutions that we provide. As it relates to the small and medium business segment, again, that is through the team offering a lot of that happens through the channel. And Q3 we saw some strengthen that. So, I don't know that we've broken out Sterling, what percentages exactly on individual versus team versus enterprise. It is a big part of our business because small and medium businesses certainly use both our creative and document tools, but we were pleased with what we expected. As it relates to our Q3 targets, we're still going to be a little cautious about seeing the rebound in that SMB. So, we're not necessarily expecting significant new acquisition in that, but we were pleased with what we saw in Q2. And long-term, we just continue to think that our solutions help them become a digital enterprise, which is going to become more important.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Alex, as it relates to the overall macro demand, it's just the amount of content that's being created is just absolutely exploding and it actually doesn't matter whether you're, as we talked about, an individual who has a story that they want to tell a small and medium business who has to transact businesses online, and therefore has to create the appropriate content, whether it's a large enterprise that is increasingly engaging digital, and therefore wants the appropriate personalized content. And I think that trend will only continue to speak well for Adobe. We look at some other trends like the number of people engaging with us on Behance, which is our community. We're getting more part of Behance being used than ever before. What we are doing with Spark, which is allowing prosumers and others who have a task-based offering to come. So, we just continue to think that the amount of content being created and the amount of content being consumed is only going to go up. And we have the premier offering in that space, not only from the product side, but from also the DDOM side. And so, I think it really continues to augur well for us. And, we will certainly give you more color as we come up to fiscal '21 on what we expect moving forward. But, we're excited about the opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Walter, maybe looking at it now in retrospect, I don't know if -- when COVID first hit, whether there was a shock to the system and therefore people reacted. And I think that has settled down, as we said in -- a couple of times. It's definitely gone back to the pre-COVID levels. I think, I would also give our team tremendous credit for what we've done around engagement. I mean, the good news for us, Walter, is we have such a variety and portfolio of products that we can use. And, let's take Acrobat where we haven't spent -- we haven't got as many questions. I mean, from everything we can do around Acrobat on the web, to what we can do with the Reader funnel to Acrobat. And so, we really just are a world class machine on both the acquisition and increasingly on the engagement retention. So, my best guess is there was a little bit of a shock to the system. That has definitely stabilized, that provided the impetus for us to really focus on engaging more with customers and delivering the value. And last but not least, I think it just shows how mission critical these products are. And so, again, it's very different by offering to the second part of your question. But, within enterprises, within creative pros, we just continue to see a really good retention and really good acquisition.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Derrick. And again, I mean, first, let me acknowledge that I think for both parents of young kids as well as those who have college going kids, I mean, there is still a quite a bit of uncertainty of what happens. But, as it relates to the strength, I mean, we saw strength, both in terms of students, educators, as well as in institutions. And so, we saw strength across the board. Part of what I would attribute that to is, when it first struck and everybody was from home, if you have a young kid or a college going kid, you want to continue to invest in making sure that they have access to the best software. I think, we did a good job of provisioning Creative Cloud and ensuring that they have access to Creative Cloud. And then, we pretty actively went out with our field organization, both in terms of licensing products, as well as the enterprise type licenses that you can have for institutions to demonstrate it. And the last thing I would say is, we are seeing more and more curricula in these institutions also add so much more on creativity as part of their curricula. So, I think that's a trend that is also helping our business.
Shantanu Narayen: And to your second question Ken -- I mean, John, we certainly have bands. And since we have bands and we don't charge based on necessarily the immediate transaction, what happens is as people come up for renewal, which was the second part of your question, Ken, yes, the intention is that they both true-up as appropriate and/or move to a higher band.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Mark. And as you point out, and we didn't get too many questions, I mean, the Document Cloud really had a very strong business. And at the macro level, the strength of Acrobat, all the verbs that we have including Sign, the frictionless Acrobat web and the platform APIs, we're really convinced we have the right platform for document creation, sharing, signing, exporting and scanning. I mean, scan also, the number of installs of scan, what we are seeing on mobile, so across all of our PDF solutions. When we are talking about the business as it related to Sign, Sign actually grew faster than the Document Cloud business. And the 200% statistic that we gave has to do with Sign standalone. The way we are going to market, we introduced Sign also in the channel just very recently. So, while that's early, we're seeing good traction with Sign in the channel. The primary route to market is either through Acrobat for individuals or through the enterprises. In the enterprises, we are seeing two forms of traction. The first is where people are using Sign as the core sign solution for all of their business processes. I think, some of the partnerships that we've announced as well with Microsoft as well as with ServiceNow, we expect to see that continue to grow. And in addition to that, we've actually seen some really good traction with our document experience -- experience document sellers also demonstrating how the combination of Adobe Experience Manager, which is the core website, plus what you can do around forms and signs for business processes, how that's growing. So, across the board, we saw some really good strength in that business.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Keith. I mean, first, as it relates to the sustainability and durability of the Document Cloud business, it wasn't an accident that at our last analyst meeting, we talked about Document Cloud being a separate, huge standalone opportunity and accelerating document productivity. That's why we spend as much time as we have on that. Traditionally, people, Keith, used to talk about the business moving from perpetual to subscription. It has so far exceeded all of that opportunity to really focus on creating brand new customer acquisition. The web as a funnel represents a huge growth opportunity for us. I've talked also about when you think about what's happening with organic searches and the ability for people to want to share information and how that's going to be a driver of the funnel. We're excited about the API economy and what we can do to make sure that any PDF that's created anywhere or any PDF that's scanned or signed that it uses Adobe technology. And so, at the end of the day, we just look at what we have with documents and the fact that we have PDF and the fact that we have reader ubiquity as a completely differentiated solution with respect to anybody else. And this business is such a large opportunity. This is not a zero-sum game. This is something that we just continue to believe is going to fuel our business for a long time. We frankly think we're in the catbird seat, and we have the best combined offering. We have great partnerships in this space. We're innovating so much on mobile, what we've done with this feature that we call liquid mode with AI to be able to make PDFs responsive. And so, I think while the pandemic, to the question that somebody else also asked, has perhaps accelerated this movement towards electronic documents, I don't think people are going to go back because they all see the benefits and the efficiencies of being documents. So, that's how we think about that business. And we'll certainly be happy to share a lot more at our earnings call. Since that was the last question, I do hope, Keith, that both you as well as others will attend MAX because we do intend to unveil the next generation of creative innovation at MAX. As I said, we have over 200,000 people already. But net-net, I would say Q3 was an outstanding quarter. I feel really good about the strategy that we have and the contributions of our employees who have executed incredibly well in what is truly a difficult environment. We all believe that digital is going to be mission-critical. It's going to be a driver of the economy globally. And between Creative, Document and Enterprise, we have three large markets that are growth markets where our innovation agenda is stronger. I will say, we're really pleased with how we rallied around reprioritizing to get the most critical initiatives to proceed with the right urgency. And as John mentioned, we feel very well positioned to invest in growth initiatives that will continue to drive what we aspire to be, which is a growth company that also delivers great profitability. But, stay safe, stay healthy. We really appreciate all of you joining us today. And we look forward to seeing you at MAX. Over to you, Jonathan.
John Murphy: Sure. Thanks again, Brad for the question. I think, when we look at our capabilities with DDOM or data-driven operating model, the level of precision, which we’re able to see performance in our business real time really allows us to surgically invest where we know we can be successful. And so, you can see that in the performance obviously in our books in Q3 and where we think we can drive a metric in Q4. So, we have a lot of confidence in investing for appropriate return. And also looking at the breadth of the different markets we're trying to attract to the platform's both CC and BC. So, we monitor that very carefully. We don't just throw money at in variable marketing just to see where it lands. We're actually measuring very completely every dollar that we invest in that space.
John Murphy: Quarter-over-quarter, it’s really a part of the overall performance of Ad Cloud as we had been transparent for customers, we helped them transition to other services, but we also helped them run campaigns that were scheduled. In addition, the volume of activity across our other products did actually increase some of our cloud -- specially our cloud costs or third party cloud costs. So, that's something that we are marking very closely so that we can leverage the volume and negotiate our contracts appropriately and drive efficiencies across our clouds.
John Murphy: Yes. In regards to your comments and we touched and Shantanu said, the efforts that we’re putting to engaging our customers and making sure that they are using the right product for the right use case has really driven retention efforts really well in that engagement. And of course, the fact that we'll be able to see a return to kind of pre-COVID levels is indicative of people seeing value in the products that they’re using.
John Murphy: Sure. Thanks, Stan. When we entered Q3 and really looked at really focusing our resources on the top priorities. Once we got through that activity and we felt really comfortable with the performance that we were seeing, we realized that we probably being a little conservative were slower out of the gate ramping our hiring. We're committed to ramping our hiring now going into Q4 and into FY21to really drive the opportunities that we see to drive performance in these opportunities. So, we're investing in R&D and you'll see that kind of manifest in our Q4 hiring and into FY21. And we do believe that some of the other OpEx savings that we’ve had, onetime savings around travel and facilities and in-person events are going to change as we start to reopen our offices when it's safe. And so, we don't expect the level -- the lack of spending in those areas in Q3 to be sustainable going forward. So, that is something to consider when you look at the operating margin performance in Q3.
John Murphy: Yes, it really is both. Thanks, Ken, for your question. So, we certainly saw commerce revenue perform this quarter and certainly the bookings associated with the demand for commerce offerings increase this quarter. So, we just see the momentum there. People are really resonating with the product. They're seeing that it's a great add-on as well when they're looking at some of our other solutions in digital transformation in the segment. So, we think there's a nice tailwind there in commerce.
