Jonathan Vaas: Good morning and thank you for joining us. Welcome to the Adobe Q4 Earnings and 2020 Financial Analyst Meeting. I'm Jonathan Vaas, VP of Investor Relations for Adobe. You should have a copy of the press release we filed this morning as well as our investor relations datasheet. We've got a great program planned for you today, which is in many ways similar to what we've done in the past, and in a few ways different. This year marks my 10th analyst meeting at Adobe. The first was the year we had just launched Creative Cloud. And it's amazing to reflect on how that business has grown since then.  For my first nine analyst meetings, I was one of the many employees helping behind the scenes. And this year, I have the privilege of introducing the executive speakers as the head of Adobe's Investor Relations program, a role I assumed earlier this year, just after we had made the shift to working remotely.  I've really enjoyed all of the conversations with investors and analysts about Adobe's business this year, and I look forward to meeting many of you in person at some point.  That leads to the other way today's program is a little bit different than what we've done in the past. This is our first virtual analyst meeting. I, for one, will really miss the opportunity to meet many of you and chat after the event, but we've also been learning this year about the power of communicating digitally and seeing that we are able to meet to reach a broader audience with a webcast than we might with an in person event.  Due to the format, we've streamlined the planned presentation today. But a long form slide deck has been posted to Adobe's IR site that has all of the detailed information you're used to seeing.  Let's take a look at the agenda. Shantanu will kick things off today by talking a bit about the quarter and fiscal year we just completed and then moving over to Adobe's vision and strategy for the future. Abhay will then talk about the company's vision from a technology lens. Scott will highlight our Creative Cloud strategy. Anil will go over our Experience Cloud strategy, and Gloria will talk about our strategy related to our people, as well as other Adobe stakeholders. Finally, John will provide a detailed financial summary and share Adobe's growth strategy. And then we'll go to live Q&A.  Before we get started, as a reminder, some of the information we'll be providing today includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ from these statements, and we encourage you to review the risk factors in our SEC filings for more information.  Additionally, we'll be providing both GAAP and non-GAAP financial information. Reconciliations between the two can be found on Adobe's Investor Relations website.  I will now pass it over to Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen. 
Jonathan Vaas: What a great video. I certainly can't imagine staying productive without Adobe Sign and Adobe Acrobat. Thanks, John. 
Jonathan Vaas: Thanks, Shantanu. And thanks again to everyone on the phone and on the webcast for joining us today. As Shantanu mentioned earlier, I also hope that we'll have an opportunity next fall to do this in person again. But we're really pleased that you joined us for the virtual event. Stay safe out there. Happy holidays to everyone. We look forward to seeing you at the Q1 call in March. And I'm sure I will be speaking to many of you very soon. This concludes the event.
Shantanu Narayen: I'm happy to answer both questions and give you some color. First, as it related to Digital Media, we had record Q4 performance in Digital Media, $548 million in net new ARR, which is just phenomenal performance. I would say both Q3 and Q4 were very strong. And certainly, I think when you look at the back half of the year, as it relates to Digital Media, it was incredible performance.  And when you look at our Q1 targets, as well as when you look at the targets for the entire fiscal 2021, as you know, these are the highest targets that we have given at the beginning of the year. And so, the growth drivers that we see in digital media just continue unabated. Everything from acquiring customers, upselling them, I think we tried, therefore, to give you real color between the individual apps and the full apps. And our data driven operating model allows us to be pretty sophisticated. And so, relative even to our targets for Q4, as far as we're concerned, it was a beat, which showed the momentum that we had in the business.  So, Digital Media ARR, nothing. We continue to believe in the expansion of the total addressable market and really pleased with our performance. As it relates to Digital Experience as well, I think the momentum there, what happened was, clearly in Q2 and Q3, as all companies were dealing with the pandemic, what was top of mind was customer continuity and safety of the employees. As soon as that pivoted, everybody was talking about digital as the only way out of the pandemic. And so, they started to look at who were the clear leaders in customer experience management and the conversations really accelerated for us. That was the momentum. The Adobe Experience platform being a clear leader, which is why as you look at our expectations for 2021 and what we believe will continue to be accelerating beyond that, we're pleased. And net-net, we're really excited about our 2021 targets. 
Shantanu Narayen: I'll start off with that. And like you said, we appreciate the leadership that Jonathan has showed in helping pull together what is hopefully the only virtual event that we do and we can get back to more normalcy next year.  I think as it relates to the opportunities that we have in the market and how we're thinking about it, we're certainly the market leaders and in each one of the categories that we're talking about.  First, while we don't think it's a zero sum game, we're actually continuing to be the leader in each one of those categories. So, I don't know specifically how you're looking at it and feeling like we're not, but we are actually gaining market share. And we've become the true end-to-end leader, whether it's on the creative side as it relates to entire category of applications. Certainly, I think in digital experience, you're going to see a consolidation of where all of these solutions are done, the experience platform, what we said around customer data and insights.  So, we're very excited about our prospects in each one of them. We continue to believe that we will be number one and will continue to gain market share. So, that's really the way that we look at it in terms of the expansion opportunity ahead of us. 
Shantanu Narayen: As you know, and you've followed us for a while, we take our addressable market very seriously, unlike some companies who just throw the kitchen sink in what they believe is their addressable market. And so, let me touch a little bit on when you look at digital media and the TAM, some of the growth vectors. With mobile. Firstly, mobile has become – we talked about the 300 million IDs that we've already created. And mobile has become a pretty impressive funnel in terms of both attracting new customers to the platform, the ways in which we are monetizing the mobile only services, but how that also serves as an on-ramp. And this was one that, until we had real offerings in the mobile space and the ability to have these multi surface – we also have storage options in terms of some of our products across multiple surfaces. So, that's clearly one of the drivers that is continuing to grow.  I think as the nature of our products, target the communicators in addition to the creative pros and the consumers, all of these applications as well, we feel like that's another part of the addressable opportunity. Certainly, what we've seen with Stock, the busines is doing really well and this notion of content- authoring paradigm where people start to author the content using a piece of content, we think that that also drives further acceleration in that particular business the amount of stakeholders who've seen us deliver more and more collaboration services and the collaboration services allow us to also monetize that. On the Document side and on the Creative side, what we've targeted with respect to the web, that's why I gave you some insight as to the magnitude of how much people are doing PDF searches on the web and what kind of an industry that's become, that same sort of task-based approach is certainly true in Creative. That's a brand new opportunity. And the confidence that we have in being able to convert all of that traffic and all of that acquisition funnel into monetization models gives us a lot of confidence. And so, when you look at the services, whether it's Stock or Sign, what's happening with respect to document workflows – and I think, as we said during the prepared presentation, the fact is this digital inflection point, it's only going to increase in terms of the number of people who use it. And that's why we also touched on regulated industries, which in the past may have been a little bit more slow or less enthusiastic about digital, there's no opportunity left for them.  So, all of that really adds up to why the TAM continues to build for us. 
Shantanu Narayen: From my perspective, Alex, definitely, it's the tailwinds that's the story of the company. And it's across all three businesses. I think on the Creative side, this notion of more content creation and more content consumption across all of the media types is certainly driving more usage of our particular products. Global expansion, we didn't talk about that as well. But global just continues to be, as digitization becomes a phenomenon, a tailwind in our business.  I think the Document side is probably going to see the biggest tailwinds as it relates to what happens. Part of the reason on making sure that we had Gloria touch on how we thought about remote work and what was happening as we think about our own business and how we think about remote work. So, I see significant tailwinds in the Document business, both as it relates to the usage of electronic documents, as well as the automation of business workflows. And that drives Digital Experience. And Digital Experience, which one of us is now going to go back and stand in line for a driver's license or for a permit to do anything else? And so, I think you're just going to see more and more – if anything, the pandemic and the health crisis has raised the urgency. And I think John alluded to this, which is every CFO and every C level executive that I talk to, what's top of mind right now is digital transformation. So, they're all saying, okay, vaccines are on the way, once the vaccines come, we're not going back to business as usual. And whether you're in travel or hospitality or whether you're in some of the other industries that have unfortunately been impacted a little bit more, digital engagement is the only way around it.  So, net-net, I really don't look at our businesses and feel like they're headwinds associated with the business. We will continue to be dependent on the macroeconomic environment, which has actually continued to be fairly robust. And so, we're excited about our prospects. And I think the solutions that we deliver become, frankly, more important, rather than less important. 
Shantanu Narayen: Jennifer, I'll take the one on the single app. And as you know, you have to look at both the units view as well as the ARR view. And the units view continues to grow. But remember, that also is an area where, as we ramp them to the platform, it's the single apps. That's the way in which we acquire them. But we're doing a better and better job of being able to convert them into the full app.  So, I think what you have to just recognize is that the single app pricing and ARPU is a little bit lower. And so, that same pie chart that we showed, that's the revenue look or the ARR look associated with it. And when you look at the units look, clearly, it will show a different picture in terms of the higher proportion of what's happening through single apps. And so, that's a model that all the way back to Creative Suite, we know how to do that, attract new customers to the platform and drive that in. So, that's the answer to your question around single apps and the full app model, and it's actually working for us. 
Shantanu Narayen: Jay, let me take both. December is not only, as you point out, the anniversary of the Macromedia acquisition in 2005, I can even have the privilege of going back and say, December was also when we did an acquisition for GoLive in 1998. That was one of my first acquisitions. And that sort of embarked us on the web journey as well, which has clearly proven to be also one of those seminal moments.  But more seriously, I think when we look at what we've done with Workfront, we've always had – and understood the technology component of what it means to deliver these services, but the amount of spend, the amount of ability to drive efficiency as it relates to the internal workflows and processes associated with it – because it's not just about the campaign itself, it's about the creation of the campaign. And we've talked about this expression, content velocity, for a while. And so, when people want the ability to create these campaigns and personalize it and get this out and global, it's not just about the technology platform, but it's also very much about the work management associated with it, which is why we're excited about Workfront and what it does for us.  I think as a company, they perhaps focused – or defocused and spent a little bit more time on the broader opportunity. And we just think focusing on content and focusing on creation, while I think most people are correctly pointing to what we can do as it relates to what happens on the marketing side, the fact is that we also have a significant number of customers who use Workfront in conjunction with the Creative Cloud. And you've written about our desire to continue to integrate the Creative Cloud, as well as the Experience Cloud with that entire content creation, management, monetization measurement opportunity that we have, and I think this can be a significant accelerant to that as well.  So, you have seminal products, whether it was Macromedia, whether it was Day Software when we talked about content that actually created these significant opportunities for us in terms of platforms and now tying that together, the glue, which is why when you look at one of the slides in the deck and how Anil describes where Workfront is, it's really the glue that actually ties together all of our marketing application.  So, I think to your point, we feel like that could be a really significant enabler of increasing more people into the entire marketing campaign workflow. And in addition to that, really providing more integration capabilities across each of our solutions. I think to your second point associated with services, what is phenomenal about both our creative business and our document business is actually the breadth of our offering. I think this is related to some of the questions. We have mobile offerings, we have services offerings, we have single apps offerings, we have full offerings, we have freemium offerings. And I think as the business scales, I understand the need from investors to say, hey, how can you give us color? That's part of the reason why John was giving a little bit more color on how material the combination of mobile and Stock and Sign have given. So I know we will continue to figure out how we can provide more insight, but I think it's to answer the question of the incredible momentum that we're seeing around both the Creative Cloud and the Document Cloud, what's underlying it. And there's very, very significant amount of depth associated with that entire business which is what's fueling our business.  And I've been reminded that it's also close to the eighth anniversary of when Scott and Behance joined us in 2012. So, Scott, it's good to have you onboard as well. But thanks for the question, Jay. 
Shantanu Narayen: Kirk, whenever I get asked questions – at least you didn't ask me the question that I can never answer, which is one of my favorite products because as products in the portfolio, I don't distinguish between them.  Maybe the ones that I would highlight is the momentum that we've seen around the Adobe Experience Manager cloud version, that has been really phenomenal. And so, we've seen some really good success. As we moved, everybody is again thinking about content, how they improve their agility. And so, I think the content and commerce, which represents a large opportunity and the fact that we've integrated how you can create a content site and enable commerce for it, whether it's in B2C or B2B, we're seeing just a tremendous demand for it. Because every company that didn't have the ability to transact business online was seeing a fair amount of headwinds in the pandemic. So, content and commerce, we continue to believe is one of the underpinnings of our business and continue to be a driver associated with it.  And the second one that I'll talk about is where experience platform, a big part of it is reported within the data and insights and what we are seeing associated with now all of this data coming back in the unified profile. So, I think that is really one of the areas that we've also seen significant momentum in Q3 and in Q4. People want to know how they can create that profile, how they can deliver it. So, if they were two out of the three, though, we say all three of them are growth opportunities, I'd probably prioritize it like that, Kirk. 
Shantanu Narayen: And big picture on that, Kirk, certainly, our expectations for the Workfront acquisition, net of all the accounting things that John alluded to, that they would be accretive to the growth profile of the company in terms of where the opportunity is and what we expect to do with that business. So, I just want to make sure we separate how internally we're looking at the growth and what we're driving towards is our plan, relative to what will be reported, as John mentioned, on the accounting side. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think there were two questions in there. I think the first one as it relates to where we are – ensuring that our document products are being adopted, remember the document products get adopted both as part of the Document Cloud and what are reported in the Document Cloud ARR. But also Acrobat is a huge part of what we report within the Creative Cloud and what's happening within the Creative Cloud.  So, the growth that we're seeing in documents is reflected in both, because in many ways, what we see is that the adoption of PDF as a collaborative medium as well as for workflow in the creative segment is also extremely large. So I think of it as really fueling two large growth opportunities. But certainly, I think the acceleration that we've seen in that business and the continued focus and investment that we're going to make in that business gives us a lot of confidence of being able to continuously grow the document business from our perspective. I think as you look at which customer segments, much like Jennifer's question, as it related to ARR, the numbers associated with it versus the ARR could have potentially different answers. And certainly, I think on the consumer side, what we are seeing with the mobile ID creation, what we're seeing in imaging, maybe which appeals primarily as a new category to the consumers, the communicators is a large space, it's always been a big part of the halo. And so, the numbers are probably in terms of new customer acquisition, largest in consumers, then in communicators, then in creative pros. But the opportunity to drive ARR continues to be across all three because of the different price points, as well as, in many cases, the way we upsell into those particular customer segments. So, that's the way we look at it.  Again, I've done this enough where I know people want a simple m multiplied by n in order to be able to do it. But I think what actually makes us so differentiated and such a sustainable business is really the fact that we have these breadth and depth of offerings and the DDON that we've talked to you about, where we know how to personalize each offering.  And it's also different by geography. Maybe that's one of the things that I should mention. And it's different, for example, in education. Education had a phenomenal year, and that seeing that next generation of creative professionals, but in many cases, whether it's a K-12 license or a license for an entire educational institution, the ARR may be small. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color as to how we think about each of those segments.  But the nice thing is now we have a product folio that cuts across all of them. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think one of the impressive things, Ken, that Anil has done is really focused on what he calls the transformational accounts, which is, in many ways, I think has he has taken on responsibility for the entire product, as well as on the go-to-market. I think an analysis showed that while we were getting significant traction with a number of customers that we had, it's really this focus on transformational accounts and creating a good go-to-market has demonstrated that there's massive headroom associated with this with our customers. I think the Verizon example was a good example to articulate and show how each of our products.  And the second part of that, honestly, is the fact that we're also far better at demonstrating what the ROI is. And again, Anil, I think, touched on the ROI associated with the Experience Cloud. So, as you take the ROI as well as you take the focus that we have on these transformational accounts, you add the ability to do Workfront, we just continue to think that there's massive opportunity. That's the beachhead. But that doesn't mean in any way, shape or form that there's a limited set of transformational accounts. Rather, it's the recipe to continue to deliver value, become strategic to these customers, and drive significant ARR. And as it relates to the breadth and depth of that customer base, again, going back to the question that I think was asked around Experience Cloud and what's driving it, the AEM cloud service is not just a service that can apply to large enterprises who maybe want to create new websites as it relates to campaigns, the fact that it's easily provisioned and easily on ramp actually makes it a very appropriate solution for what we refer to as commercial or mid-market or small and medium business customers, and integrating things like analytics into it and commerce into it with the Magento service enables us to really say, we could be your one-stop shop for getting a Web presence, as well as for transacting commerce on the web.  So, clearly, the aspirations are to enable people to have a quick and one-stop on-ramp. 
Shantanu Narayen: Let me start. As it relates to the communicators, what I think most people don't maybe fully appreciate is what is happening on the Web with respect to wanting to do certain creative tasks and being able to fulfill those tasks with what we are doing around search engine and everything associated with the actions that people want to do. They want to remove the background for a picture, they want to post it for social media. And just the communicators that we refer to are also what were perhaps referred to in the past as knowledge workers because we just fundamentally believe that every piece of printed material or presented material benefits from this more interactive graphics rich. And so, what we are seeing is the ability for people to say, I want a single click ability to finish my task. And then once they finish that task, expose me to all of the other riches that exists in Adobe's creative product. So, I think that's a big driver of what the communicator has. We certainly see that with Spark. We see that across Lightroom as people want to share their images. But we also see it in our category-leading applications. Video is the other place where the usage of video in virtually every piece of communication is rapidly accelerating. So, hopefully, that gives you a couple of examples of where the communicator organic demand is coming from. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, when we have the kind of innovation opportunity ahead of us, let me first start off by saying we've made tremendous progress. So, the delivery of the Adobe Experience platform was a momentous milestone, Sterling, not just because we delivered all this new functionality, but we started to have, whether it's Adobe campaign functionality integrated into the experience platform to be able to do customer journey, whether it was the Adobe analytics, what you refer to as the Omniture functionality and being able to get insight of all of that data. And so, the progress that we've made in being able to drive all of these solutions into a common platform, it's never done.  To some degree – I remember that people would ask me, how much innovation do you have on the creative products. And here we are decades later. And the list of what we can do with these products dwarfs what we ever had 20 years ago.  So, as I think about the Experience platform and I think about what every enterprise has to do to rewire it, I think we're in a fantastic position, given the engineering efforts over the last few years to have this integrated platform that nobody else has. It runs on cloud. I think you've seen with the progress and success that we've had around Microsoft and what we've done with Microsoft on Azure, it's certainly cloud aware. The announcement that we made with IBM, with the ability for all of these to also run in a hybrid cloud, where people, whether it's for regulatory reasons or other reasons, want to run it on their private cloud network, we've made progress and there's clearly interest on companies like VMware and IBM to partner with us on that.  So, I'm really confident about the architectural thing. But the way we look at it is you're constantly architecting for new architectures. You're constantly doing work in AI and ML and providing more and more insights. Some of the ways in which we've actually added tremendous value is in the reporting and the analysis and the insight that each one of these has been doing.  But the breadth and depth of our offerings, I think there's still significant headroom of what we can do. Because the way you have to think about it is, if we believe that with DDOM we're one of the most mature companies in terms of having a digital funnel and how we operate that's driven our success, we're pioneers not just in delivering technology, but in how we've moved it. And that movement for every company now, rethinking their business process, rethinking their computer architecture, we're at such an early stage that we're going to have to keep innovating around that space.  And so, we think of it right now as an overall growth opportunity. We have made, as you saw, the strategic decisions around how we think about margin in that particular business. And so, we will continue to see margins expand in that business. But I think what you should be most excited about as an investor is the fact that we're investing in this immense opportunity and extending our lead. And so, I think that's the way we think about it. You look at the overall margins of the company again, and I think John alluded to this, despite investing in Workfront, despite investing in sales capacity, despite saying that we will accelerate growth, we're showing you margin expansion for the entire company.  So, we know how to do this, which is drive top line growth and bottom line growth at an impressive margin. So, that's how at least I think about it. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think what you should see and what you will expect is, first and foremost, the pie expanding. And as it relates to the total addressable market, the main thing that you have to think about is this is market expansion, we're growing the value associated with our customers. I think at steady state, at some point in the prior business, which may be a predictor, it was closer to 50/50. But the thing that, again, I will reemphasize is that a lot of that is we drive into individual and then convert into the entire offering. And so, that's it. And so, big picture, I would focus more on the growth of the pie, the exact mix between those two. We look at both of them and feel like they're growing really well. And I'm happy to answer your second question as well, Stan. 
Shantanu Narayen: What we were trying to do was give you more insight and color into how we were running the different businesses and I think that's a key part of it. I think the print business, which was, a lot of you know, the genesis of the company. It's a business that continues to do well, but it wasn't a growth category as much as a high profitability category. We talked about in the Advertising Cloud, getting out of a lot of the transaction based revenue that we were seeing. And [technical difficulty] investors should take is [technical difficulty] pure play what is being reported as part of the Digital Experience segment that there's a clear alignment between what you see on bookings and what you see on revenue. As you've seen, the consulting services has been proactively driven down as a percentage of the revenue as we have a thriving ecosystem. I think the advertising cloud will not be a growth opportunity for us. There are some strategic partners who like the fact that we can continue to deliver it. But I would take that as a signal of we're really focused on the large growth opportunities where we have a differentiated solution. And it's purely subscription based revenue because that's in alignment with how we think about the largest opportunities. And so, we're focused as a company on making sure that we do it.  I'm actually really pleased with how we transitioned that and how we communicated to customers. And so, this focus on the software as a service component of all of our businesses, we believe that that drives top line growth, we believe that that drives margin, and we believe that that's consistent with where we want to be as a company. 
Shantanu Narayen: And given that was the last question, I want to, again, first and foremost thank you all for joining us today in what was this virtual format. I really hope you share the passion that we feel for the mission, the tremendous market opportunity ahead of us, the depth that we have in our technology platforms, and really the significant customer value that we're delivering and providing. We really believe that the global brand, the customer base that we have, the ubiquity of our software, and the dedicated employees provides a real competitive advantage. That, frankly, is the envy of the industry.  From my perspective, 2020 was an amazing year. We expect the momentum to continue in 2021 and beyond. And I certainly believe that our best years are ahead of us.  As a number of you said, let me also wish you all a healthy, safe holiday season. And we really look forward to continuing to share the momentum and the story that we have in the new year.  So, thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll hand it back over to Jonathan. 
John Murphy: And in terms of Creative Cloud and conversion of single apps to all apps, as we said, we've got so many opportunities to attract different customers and different types of customers to the platform. And we're definitely growing our communicator segment and the consumer segment. But as we've seen, particularly during the pandemic and the work from home, the need to create and use digital solutions to do that is really touching so many different segments of customers. So, the value there for us, obviously, seen in the growth of ARR overall, is fantastic and gives us an opportunity to continue to monetize access to that base of customers over time.  We haven't sized the non-genuine environment in a very long time. It's probably a sizable opportunity. But we chip away at that when we have a very good entry price point for our single apps for customers that may be using non genuine product. And so, as they see the innovations that are available with our cloud based solutions and our mobile solutions, it's certainly a way that attracts people that may not have even realized they're using non-genuine product to actually use the most up-to-date innovative products that we have.  So, it's really an important aspect for us, Brad, in terms of addressing all of the different segments that we can address and attract more and more people to the franchise. 
John Murphy: On the margin question, Alex, I think when we think about how we target growth – we are a growth company, and so we want to continue to invest in growth. And we've been able to demonstrate over time that, as we drive growth, we're able to expand more margins over time. You think about our original targets for FY 2020, we still had expanding margin coming out against FY 2019. And while we're really pleased to deliver this level of operating margin in Q4, we do expect 2021 to have operating margins down from our Q4 high, but still expanding over FY 2020. So, we're definitely committed to that.  The reason for that is that we'll be lapping much of the COVID related savings, and we'd expect to realize some of those savings in the first half. But as the gradual phased reentry happens later, in the latter half of the year, we expect to be able to invest because that's going to drive growth. And we want to continue to strike the right balance between investing for growth and benefiting from those continued first half savings. Not to mention, we will be impacted by the deferred revenue haircut for the Workfront acquisition. But even so, we're still going to be expanding our margin in FY 2021 over FY 2020. 
John Murphy: Jennifer, in terms of Workfront, the Workfront acquisition, it's just closed, so we don't have the full purchase accounting completed yet. We are expecting a significant deferred revenue haircut as is fairly typical with these acquisitions. And as a result, there'll be slight dilution. But as you can see in our full-year targets, we're still targeting significant margin expansion over FY 020. And that just kind of shows the leverage in our operating model, our ability to continue to invest for growth, and still expand our margins and our earnings. 
John Murphy: Absolutely. You're correct. The $25 million that we are targeting for Workfront in the first quarter, of course, depending on what the purchase accounting pans out to be, we have kind of modeled out for a year or two based on our estimates on the deferred revenue haircut. So, we are expecting between $140 million and $150 million. But, again, really dependent upon when we finalize the purchase accounting later this quarter. But it will ramp. 
John Murphy: They're coming from a couple different places. Certainly, mobile, as we talked about before, is a huge on-ramp for us. And we've been having so many new Adobe IDs created on mobile. We also have perpetual, is the other part of that as well. So, definitely strong performance across both of those in Q4.
John Murphy: And Derek, in relation to digital experience, looking at the TAM, we have such a great opportunity. And as you've seen, we expect acceleration. And then, with Workfront, even further acceleration. Workfront had stumbled there [ph] before we actually acquired them a little bit. But we know that the demand is there for that solution. And coupled with our capabilities, we know we can actually accelerate that back. So, there's definitely revenue leverage in the digital experience business.  And as we said, the way we realigned the Digital Experience business by moving ad cloud out of that segment because we're operating it a bit differently, we wanted to make sure that we're operating the Digital Experience business the way a healthy SaaS company should view it. We have aspirations for very strong margins there. If you think about healthy SaaS companies growing their margins, the rule of 40. So, we're definitely excited about that.  The other thing we're doing is we're going to continue to invest, as we said, in hiring, not only in R&D, but also in sales capacity because we're not opportunity constrained. We just definitely need to take advantage of the ability to capture all this opportunity, particularly now, the way that we've aligned the solutions within Digital Experience and they're resonating with our customers. And then of course, with Workfront, we can accelerate it even more. 
