Mark Garrett: Sure Brent, first off keep in mind we did have the extra week which impacts expense just like it impacts revenue. So a large chunk of that is based on just having the extra week. In addition we have merit increases that happened in the beginning of the year and you have got the full quarter effect of hires that you did in the fourth quarter. As you look out over the rest of the year, OPEX it won't be up sequentially just because of that extra week that you had in the first quarter and then you will see some growth in Q3 and Q4. And to your point that is more around driving sales and marketing capacity for the growth that we are seeing in all three clouds and the need to have that sales capacity on board as we get closer and closer to FY17. 
Mark Garrett: In fact to add on to that when you see the Q you will see the Digital Marketing segment, the whole segment subscription revenue is up 25% year-over-year for the whole Digital Marketing segment which is great. 
Mark Garrett: Hi Sterling, it's Mark. You know that’s why frankly this average ARPU number gets very difficult to use as a gauge for the business. If you look at just Creative, we certainly expect that Stock will raise the ARPU for the Creative Professional, the people that are going to buy Stock. It just doesn’t make sense to look at the average any more especially for all the reasons we articulated around subs with millions of people potentially buying this K-through-12 education bundle or as you said millions of people buying CCPP. But Stock will add to ARPU for the Creative Professional. 
Mark Garrett: As it relates to route to market there is no doubt that we want Adobe.com to be the premier place people come to do business with us and it's becoming a much bigger piece of the business than it has overtime. As well our business from a direct sales perspective would come in right behind that. And then channel while its always going to be important to us it has just been shrinking consistently. I think at some point of levels off its not going to go away. But we really want to go direct and we want to go through adobe.com.
Mark Garrett: Not right now. The best way to do the model from my perspective would be to take ARR which we’re now going to guide to quarterly, so we did say we will add some additional guidance by giving you ARR every quarter. And you can take that ARR and do a waterfall flowing that into revenue to get a sense of what revenue is. To be honest with you, using what you were using which was a sub number that was incomplete and an average ARPU number, it really doesn’t work anyway. We’ll periodically give you more insight into what's going on like we do at analyst days and things like that. But the best way to do it is to take that ARR number and flow it through into revenue. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah Ross, and I saw your survey as well, that was good work. I mean clearly what we are finding is that the over 20 million people who are first coming to us on Mobile. It is serving as a great top of the funnel in terms of the new creators getting interest in Adobe and they experience our mobile apps and then they both subscribe to as well as download all of our desktop applications. And part of it is because they all recognize that the content that they are creating is going to be consumed in Mobile and in terms of working in groups that’s the other thing that’s driving both tablet, mobile, as well as PC usage.  The new experience design project as well initial feedback has been very positive. People have been asking about how they can get that also as well on Mobile and Touch. And so we just look at the explosion of mobile devices and where both content is created and consumed and it’s clearly being a tailwind, not just in the digital media business but also in the digital marketing business. And things like being able to take a picture and move that from camera into Photoshop, people just love the fact that they now have independence of where they can create content when inspiration strikes. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Kirk. I mean as you correctly pointed out, education has always been one of the largest verticals in terms of the Creative products and we have multiple offerings. We certainly offer site licenses for both K-through-12 institutions as well as higher Ed. I mean the student and teacher addition and then there is lab usage of our products. So, big picture what we are trying to do is make sure that in any setting that exists that we have the right Creative products. Creative in the education season tends to be Q3. We certainly believe that there is tens of millions of Creatives as they come into the market as part of the education segment, that’s a growth for us and that’s part of the reason why in Mark's prepared remarks also he talked about as we continue to offer our Creative products as a site license that we don’t talk about sub. So, it’s going well. More and more people are using our Creative products. Internationally also we are starting to have education be adopted. But big picture we look at it and say whether it’s a student teacher single edition, whether it’s an institution, or whether it’s a lab usage. We want to make sure that our offering is applicable in all of those settings. 
Shantanu Narayen: So multiple questions there Kash, let me try and pass them one by one. The first is as it relates to revenue for stock during the quarter it was in line with our expectations so it’s doing well. Again just to refresh folks, we offer on demand stock as a way for people to buy particular stock assets. We certainly offer a stock only subscription and we then offer a combined subscription which allows people to both access stock as well as our desktop products. And so across all of them we are continuing to see accelerated usage of the stock subscriptions. We don’t break that out Kash in terms of what it is and that’s the reason we’re focused on just continuing to make sure we gain market share in the stock and deliver value. I think big picture as we’ve always said over 80% of the people who are buying or selling stock are using our products and that’s the opportunity.  From a roadmap point of view we look at integrating the stock service more directly within our applications as a way to both increase awareness for our customers and to improve their workflow. So as the year progresses we continue to expect to do better in stock moving forward. So off to a good start and it's only in the entire marketplace strategy for Adobe. And with respect to bookings I think Mark also alluded to the fact that they were strong. We did not see any seasonal slowdown from Q4 to Q1 in terms of how we look at the business. And one of the things I should probably state is when you look at the Digital Marketing revenue for Q1. It is actually being driven primarily by the bookings that we had last year, now translating into things getting live. There really wasn’t much perpetual revenue in the quarter. So, the good news is that marketing is all as a result of the strong bookings we experienced last year. 
Shantanu Narayen: And as it relates to the overall ARPU in the quarter again Sterling we continue to see for the core creative product an increase in ARPU very much in line as people renew at non-promotional pricing. 
Shantanu Narayen: So Heather let me take both. The first is when you look at the number of new users that we’ve stated who are part of the Creative platform which is 30% of the people who are doing business with us, there is no question that our surveys and anecdotal evidence speak to the fact that people who may have formally pirated or used our products casually are paying for the service because its far more affordable. As you know we are seeing increased growth in international markets where there was more piracy. The reality is we still haven't offered the Creative Cloud product in China as Creative Cloud. So all of that is upside for us in terms of combating piracy, there is so much opportunity in the developed markets that’s where we focus. So, making progress and we continue to think as we roll it out in other markets around the world it's going to impact it. With respect to the single app versus the complete, as we said it's going to gravitate towards 50:50 in the quarter. I think it was 52% CC Complete. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well the opportunity for ARPU expansion around Stock is as we are attracting people to the platform we’re certainly attracting them at what we would call promotional pricing. So that’s one big opportunity and we’re clearly seeing as people come onto the Creative Cloud platform they typically come from CS6 and prior versions where we give them a promotional pricing and then convert it into the full pricing. The other opportunity for ARPU expansion is moving from single app to the entire product. The third opportunity for ARPU expansion is Acrobat. We’re certainly seeing a lot of people and that’s why we’re moving them more through the Creative Cloud funnel as opposed to the Document Cloud funnel, up selling them into the entire product. And last but certainly not least while it is not called ARPU within the enterprise as well as we move from selling what used to be custom like solutions of Creative Suite into the entire Creative Cloud Complete.  So, even on the core desktop products there is ARPU expansion against all of those four. Then in addition to that it’s the new services that we’ve introduced and will continue to introduce that represents ARPU expansion. And as you know in our Analyst Meeting we provided therefore the entire TAM available for us on both the Creative Cloud as well as the Document Cloud as part of Digital Media. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think there are a couple of things. I think at the macro level Keith firstly the solutions that we are providing I think are playing to what is a very key need in the marketplace which is everybody is dealing with digital transformation, everybody is trying to bring their businesses online. So there is no question in the marketing side as it relates to the kinds of solutions we offer. But the demand is only getting greater in organizations around the world. So I think that’s one issue. Certainly the fact that we are doing less perpetual also factors into this and so as you think about the traditional Q4 to Q1, they would be big perpetual pushes and then it would sort of fall off. The third thing I would give is our marketing group is doing a much better job of having consistent demand and growing demand so we’re looking at it not just as fiscal boundaries but as a continuous process of driving demand for our particular solution. So I think there are a number of things and then on the Creative side, I think it just continues to be opportunity to migrate customers and attract new customers. So I think for all of those four reasons we feel good about our business and we feel like they are in the sweet spot of what customers need right now. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well clearly we saw a strong demand and we did not see any issues from the macro economy and that’s the reason for both the strong quarter as well as the strong outlook not just for Q2 but for the rest of the year. So if there is macro economic conditions that are impacting other peoples businesses, we haven't seen that yet. I think even should that happen as you know we are far more near to that as a result of the recurring business, but we didn’t see any demand weakness anywhere in the world. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Jay, you’re right. As it relates to ETLAs there is some seasonality and you’ll see that reflected in the ARR numbers for Creative and for doc services. So there is some seasonality in the ETLAs. On the gross margin side, a lot of that just has to do with the stacking effect frankly of having these subscribers build up overtime and not needing to add as much cost structure to support them because you’ve got critical mass. So, it’s a benefit of the stacking effect on the Creative side. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Steve I think what we’re seeing as big phenomenon in the Creative market is more people doing design and prototyping. It certainly is the traditional Creatives who’ve been doing design and prototyping and they may have used products like Photoshop or Illustrate or Fireworks from Adobe in the past. But I actually think that there is a new community of people, product managers all around the world, the way we are designing products right now is they are doing a prototyping of what that product looks like, whether that’s on mobile or on the web. And so I think this inherent need for people to have designed far more as a part of product creation I think will lead the experienced design product to be used not just by our existing customers but also by a whole new set of customers who are thinking about how do they use design to create a new generation of Experience product. So I am very excited about it, the feedback has been really good, but I do think product managers, the new breed of product managers that exist in startups they will all need to use a product such as the Experience Design product. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, with respect to the marketing cloud I think we continue to be the most both unified as well as comprehensive offering that’s out there in the market. The results are driven not just by new logos and the new logos are increasingly using multiple solutions when they start off but also with certainly up selling existing customers to new solutions. So I think we’re seeing that across the space. In terms of competition as we said even at the analyst meeting when you have a $27 billion opportunity you are going to attract other customers but I think we’re so far ahead of them, we continue to be rated and we continue to innovate. On the data market stuff, stay tuned. Next week is our Summit and we’re going to be talking a lot more about some of the exciting areas that we have on data. And so hopefully you are going to be at Summit and we’ll share more at that time. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well I think with respect to what's happening we used to target the Chief Revenue Officer, the Chief Digital Officer, the Chief Marketing Officer within the enterprise and I think that has now expanded to being a C level issue all the way up to the CEO in terms of the customer journey. I think there are companies who are certainly providing the ad stack for this customer journey. There would be people who provide the experience for the customer journey and the analytics. So in that sense you are right, I mean it is -- the opportunity is dramatically expanding because this is becoming front end and center not just for the marketing function but also at the C level function. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think it’s all of the above in terms of where the net ads were. You’re right, it was strong net ads. We certainly as it relates to the document businesses or Acrobat there was a fair amount. We definitely have a clear preference for customers to adopt Acrobat DC through the Creative funnel so that shows up as net adds in the Creative funnel because that gives us permission to up sell them to the Photography plan. But team did well, team continues to do well and so we’re seeing strength. International, Japan and Germany that we’ve identified as areas for growth are growing nicely. There still is a significant opportunity there to migrate existing customers and attract new customers. So I would say those markets are a couple of years behind but we haven't seen any slowdown in the U.S. yet. 
Shantanu Narayen: And Nandan I think as Mark said, the goal is to continue to help you model the business and provide more color on ARR so that you get a sense not just for the overall health of the business but the various components. And since that was the last question, I mean just a couple of comments, as I am travelling around the world meeting both customers and partners, it is really clear that consumer expectations and what's happening with technology is causing every business to rethink how they interact with customers. And I think that’s a digital first strategy right now for every one of them. From our point of view that great experience starts with great content. We’re clearly the company that’s helping bringing their concepts to life for Creatives and Creative Cloud is clearly the one stop shop for these customers providing everything from inspiration to monetization.  I think the other thing we see is delivering that experience to the right person at the right time requires a technology platform that deals with large volumes of content and data but more importantly with the right intelligence and that’s the goal of the Adobe Marketing Cloud.  All of these tailwinds we see now benefiting our businesses and I think in Q1 we saw a strength across Creative Cloud adoption and ARR growth, DC and Acrobat adoption as well as strong bookings and revenue, and implementations that are going live with the Adobe Marketing Cloud. And that’s the reason why our Q1 upside and Q2 outlook gave us confidence to raise the revenue as well as earnings target. We think we are in great shape, we remain focused on driving innovation, and strong financial results and I want to thank our customers and partners worldwide for their ongoing commitment and to our employees for continuing to drive innovation in our industry. We hope to see you folks next week at Summit and otherwise we will look forward to our next call. Thank you for joining us today. 
