Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So let me also jump in a little bit on color for the quarter and then Mark can add to that. I think we’ve been telling you for a while that Digital Media ARR is really the best health for the business, and as you saw that grew to $2.09 billion. One of the things that I think we should also reflect is that, we offer customers multiple ways to acquire Acrobat subscriptions. And depending on the type of customer, this can get reflected in either the Creative subs and ARR Brad or the document ARR. So when you acquire Acrobat as part of CC offering whether it’s single app or complete, that’s reflected in the Creative ARR. And when you get it as part of the Document Cloud offering, the ARR is then reflected in the Document Cloud. And this is actually very similar to the way in which we offer the perpetual software when we had Acrobat as well as Creative Suite. So one of the things in the quarter was that as we contemplated the Acrobat mix changing, we experimented we’re driving more Acrobat in conjunction with the Document Cloud launch. So if you look at the Acrobat subs ratio in Q1, if they were reflected in CC subs similar to prior quarters, the Creative reported subs would have been significantly higher. And so I think a number of you probably had the mix different in terms of being over-weighted in CC subs and ARR since you guys were unaware of the experimentation we were doing in conjunction with the Doc Cloud launch. So when we look at the results that we had in Q1 overall, as it relates to Digital Media ARR and adoption of the Creative Cloud and Acrobat, that’s why we said it was very much in line with our targets.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Brent. I mean, I think the fundamental issue is that the need to manage documents and document workflows is actually increasing rather than decreasing. And we have this incredible franchise when we think about both the reader, distribution that we have across virtually every device, the fact that we've distributed over a billion of them. And the fact that PDF has been accepted as the de facto standard for documents. So when you put that together and you consider the massive shift that's happening from paper to digital, we just think we have a really unique opportunity to convert paper documents to this high-quality PDF that you can edit, you can auto populate, you can fill forms, you can send for signatures and more. And so what we announced today was as part of the Document Cloud Acrobat DC, which is a completely re-imagined user experience far more simple, far more intuitive, we've aligned all of the product offerings from Acrobat to reader to standard, all associated with Acrobat DC. And then the other thing we've done is a huge focus on mobility, so we’ve designed Acrobat DC to be touch enabled and work seamlessly across devices. These signatures are now part of every subscription of Acrobat DC and we think that integrating documents across other systems like Office 365 as well as other storage providers we've added significant more value. And so we just feel like this is a large opportunity, it’s ours to win. And I think when you think about both, what's being used within the Document Cloud, as well as I mentioned earlier, Acrobat within the Creative Cloud, it just continues to be an opportunity that we focus on. So as we think about the year for Acrobat, we think we will keep revenue relatively consistent with last year, but we will grow ARR quite a bit. And so I think we're excited about that.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. Steve, I think, the bookings growth again were in line with targets that we have. As you know, you were there at Summit. Summit was an incredibly successful event for us. It’s -- as we said in the prepared remarks, the largest pipeline growing event for us. I think, we continue to grow our lead in that particular category and our recognized does that. So we’re pleased with what we did in Q1 and continue to be really bullish about the opportunity that Adobe has in the marketing space.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I think the core services that you’re alluding to Steve, for the benefit of others on the call, I mean, there are things like what we've introduced with audience manager, the ability to run both campaigns and to have them specific to customer segments, whether you're doing that for your media span, whether you're doing that associated with understanding analytics or targeted campaigns and converting them to paying customers. With respect to the integration of the Clouds and today I’ll say, three Clouds. One of the things that we continue to view is Asset Management is the core of what you can do between Creative Cloud and Marketing Cloud. You saw number of customers talk about how the velocity of content creation is increasing and how the fact that we have integrated, the Clouds help them with that. So the core service I would say are the Asset Management service that's part of the Marketing Cloud, the ability to run campaigns and overtime you can also look at the audience segmentation. The other thing, I think, we showed at Summit was the ability to look at an asset as part of the sneak and understand how effective the usage of that asset was creative asset across all campaign. So I think that also give some indication of the innovation that we’re doing in this space.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brian, with respect to the number of Marketing Clouds customers, they are in the thousands. I think the focus on those customers as you know is both with new logo addition, as well as with increased upsell of our existing solutions, but we don't have an update to that number. It is clearly in the thousands and growing well.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. Brian, the rational for the partnership that we announced was that, every single advertiser and publisher would like to see consistent cross domain understanding of customers. And since we are clearly the leaders of what’s happening in web analytics and Nielsen is a leader of what’s happening on TV, providing a consistent demographic of who’s viewing what content across what device is something that the two of us can uniquely provide. We are working together. We don’t have an update on exactly when that’s going to be in market. But it’s been received well by publishers and advertisers because they do want that currency to cut across multiple TV screens, multiple screens.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. When we look at it, maybe I’ll just add to that. We found the ARPU very healthy in the quarter. The thing to remember again is the steady state of the creative business for sure what we had was both a mix between the full units as well as individual point units. And I think we’ve stated in the past that if you consider it from a revenue point of view, it was approximately a 70-30 towards the suites. And if you consider it from a units’ point of view is 50-50. And when we rolled out the Creative Cloud, as you know we rolled out the Creative Cloud complete first and then added offerings such as the individual lap offering for team as well as the CCPP offering. And so all of this is happening in line with our expectations. We are increasing the market for both of those, but the revenue that we see today for Creative Cloud complete as a percentage of the total revenue is higher than what it was with the creative suite offerings. So things are playing out in line with our expectations.
Shantanu Narayen: Well we don't use the word ARPU there. But in terms of the large deals and the number of transactions greater than $500,000 or $1 million we don't have an update right now. Actually Brad had some data that he put in that datasheet so that does reflect the progress that we are making in multi-solution selling. We are not updating that today over and above what Brad described at the marketing summit, Brendan.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think with respect to signatures, the demand for signatures the organic demand for signatures and making that paper based workflow move digital. I think we are seeing tremendous demand for that. I think there are a couple of players in that market. I think today's announcement allows us to enable every reader on every device to start to participate in the electronic signature workflow, which we think will be a jumpstart both for us as well as other players in that market. It's going to be a big market and it's going to take years by the time we get all of the approval. So I think everybody is going to see a significant amount of growth. And there are other competitors as you point out. But we really like what footprint we have right now and the offering that we have in the market.
Shantanu Narayen: Mark, just to, again clarify, both all of the individual offerings, team continued to do well in the quarter. We had a strong quarter for team, as it related to Creative Cloud subscriptions. And again, I do want to repeat that the Acrobat subscriptions in the quarter, virtually every one of them went against the Document Cloud ARR as opposed to the Creative ARR but it is reflected in the Digital Media ARR.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I think we were experimenting this time, as it related to the Document Cloud launch. I think we continue to think that there's a tremendous headroom in the Creative Cloud install base that we will continue to drive towards. And we remain confident about the long-term subscriber numbers as well, that we will continue to drive in Creative. But I think, this time we wanted to reflect that you see that strength more on the Document ARR than the creative ARR.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, we certainly have subscription as an offering right now. That subscription offering for Acrobat has been there for a while. We continue to believe that as you -- the migration will not happen the way the Creative Cloud migration happened. So, we've said that revenue we expect to be in the Document Cloud business relatively flat for the year but ARR to grow well.
Shantanu Narayen: It’s a good question, Jay. I think both the millions of elements customers that we have, as well as the over 30 million Acrobat units that are out there, both represent an install base that we will consider moving to the appropriate subscription offering. So more specifically to your question about elements, the elements base, certainly we believe a better migration path for them moving forward is the Creative Cloud Photography. Both the elements base, as well as the trial users, we have a very carefully constructed campaign to continue to your target them and have them move over from being trial users to being paid subscribers of the Creative Cloud and we will continue to execute against that opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. I feel good, Jennifer, about how the reseller channel is also focused on the Creative Cloud opportunity and how they're executing against it. They are certainly targeting the installed base and helping them migrate from Creative Suite to Creative Cloud. So we feel good about it around the world.
Shantanu Narayen: We have not provided their subscriber base numbers. What we have provided is the overall market available opportunities. So, we've said, when you consider all of services, it’s approximately a $4 billion. We have also shared everything over 90% of the people who contribute stock content, use our tools and over 80% of those who buy that stock content use various tools. And strategically, what you should think about it is that the integration is on track. We will continue to offer as a standalone service the two models that Fotolia had namely on-demand model as well as a subscription model for stock photos as well as we will introduce new offerings, which includes Creative Cloud and stock offering. So that's conceptually how you should think about it. When it's introduced into the market, we’ll certainly provide more details.
Shantanu Narayen: And Walter, the other thing as you are aware is as we continue to rollout the innovation roadmap that also continues to get people who are on CS6 of prior versions moved over to the Creative Cloud. So that will continue as well.
Shantanu Narayen: We certainly have a lot of data on what's happened with the Acrobat segment as well. And I think to Jay’s question earlier, as well in terms of what the available opportunity is for us to attract customers who previously brought elements that is -- I think at max, you can expect us to continue to give you an update on what's available as a total available market. We are not certainly providing that level of detail on our earnings call, Derrick.
Shantanu Narayen: So, ETLA is typically, as you’ve seen historically, Q4 tends to be a seasonally very strong quarter. Q1 does, as you point out, tend to be a weak quarter and then it starts to build up and so we expect to -- as Mark also said in the prepared remarks see a sequential increase. And to your other question, there is no doubt in our mind that what we're seeing is, as we have multiple offerings that are targeting an enterprise, our ability to sell higher into the organization and sell more complete solutions is increasing. And from that point of view, the availability of the document offerings will only help the fact that we have creative offerings, as well as we have marketing offering. So, I think all of those with the announcement of the Document Cloud should be positive.
Shantanu Narayen: Since that's a last question, maybe I will just recap and say, we're proud of what we accomplished in Q1 and the strong start that we had to fiscal ‘15. It was a strong revenue, as well as EPS quarter. We drove strong Digital Media ARR and had a very successful Summit that we organized in Utah. We announced the new Document Cloud this morning and the reception to that has also been extremely positive. Fotolia integration is on track. We will make available the Document Cloud to our customers also this quarter. And so we feel like we're in great shape and we remain focused on driving both product innovation, as well as strong financial results for the rest of fiscal ‘15 as well as beyond. Thank you for joining us today.
Mark Garrett: The only thing I would add to that Brad is in Q4, we did have holiday promos, especially around photography to drive adoption in advance of the holidays. And in Q1, we really did not have any of that. So we didn’t have much from a promo perspective in Q1 driving units.
Mark Garrett: Yes. Let me ask you since you brought up FX, let me talk about FX for a couple minutes because it is important. And there’s three considerations that you should consider as it relates to FX, right. One is revenue. Two is the balance sheet and specifically deferred revenue. And then the third is ARR, as it does impact ARR as well. So let me just walk through each of those. I think I have explained this over the years. We have a hedging program to hedge a portion of our revenue through a cash flow hedging program. So we have revenue and expense in euro, pounds, and yen, as you know and we hedge a large portion of that net position of revenue versus expense in each of those currencies by buying put options. And we hedge a few quarters out at any point in time and we have been doing that for years and you saw it worked very well in Q1 and Q2 -- in Q1 I should say. Because we hedge a few quarters out in a rate dropping environment, it was minimal impact to our revenue after hedging in Q1 and you saw that in the results. At current rates, I would also expect minimal impact to revenue after hedging in Q2, and that’s factored into the Q2 guidance that I provided. And as we learn more about rates going forward for Q3 and Q4, we will let you know about any potential impact at that time. And as is customary for us, we are not going to update our annual targets at this time. The second piece is the balance sheet. The deferred revenue balances, the balance on the balance sheet is protected. However, again, in a rate declining environment since deferred revenue balances are made up of activity from as much as a year ago, the deferred revenue that comes off the balance sheet is at a higher rate than the new deferred revenue going onto the balance sheet. So the rate drop does have an impact to net new increases to deferred revenue. And then the last piece is ARR. So as you know, we report ARR in constant currency from the rate at the start of the year. And as you know, we revalued our year ending ‘14 ARR based on December '14 rates. But when you compare Q1 of '15 net new ARR to Q1 of '14 net new ARR, it’s a similar situation to deferred where in the '14 net new ARR, you would be building that up at a higher rate and that lowers the reported year-over-year growth. So it’s likely had a mid-single-digit impact on year-over-year net new ARR growth in Digital Media. So that’s kind of a mouthful, but I know there’s going to be a lot of questions on FX and hopefully that clears it up.
Mark Garrett: Yeah. Actually it’s come down this quarter less than it has in recent quarters. So it was a much smaller decline this quarter. So it is conceivable that we are starting to see that now actually.
Mark Garrett: And just for reference those are in the slides on our IR site, there's a reference to the summit slides from last week that you can access that information at.
Mark Garrett: I mean the net to both of those questions is no. I don't think it has any impact on customer adoption and the FX is going to be skewed towards where revenue is by currency and that's not going to be much different for creative versus other pieces of the business really.
Mark Garrett: If I understand you correctly, Jay, I mean for the most part, it’s all usage based. I mean, some of it is specifically tied to usage numbers every single quarter. Some of it is based on an annual usage number. But for the most part, it is usage-based revenue kind of oriented.
Mark Garrett: So I am not going to guide to a total number for the year, Jay. But suffice it to say that this is a low quarter coming off of Q4 with all the payments that we make in Q1 and it’s going to back very nicely through the rest of the year.
Mark Garrett: It’s not FX. We manage the cost structure the company very, very carefully. We've always been very good at that frankly. We've got the money we need to invest in the business. We’ve got the sales capacity we need to invest in the Digital Marketing business. That OpEx number, you are going to see it start to grow. Now as we go through the year, don't forget when you come off of Q4, there's a lot of additional comp expense for sales commissions and things that you have in Q4 that you don't have in Q1. So that's a big reason for what you see between Q4, Q1. But it will ramp as we go through the rest of the year and you'll see that based on the guidance for the year that we had provided.
Mark Garrett: So yes, there will be a step-up from Q1 to Q2. It wouldn’t just be from Acrobat. It would be a natural step-up as we march towards that $5.9 million that we had guided to but definitely a step-up from Q1 and Q2.
Mark Garrett: We’re not announcing products but, Walter, I think to the question that you asked you can expect that we’re going to be coming out with a fair amount of innovation. And if you look at our historical delivery, delivering something again in a few months would be consistent with what we've done last year, yes.
Mark Garrett: Yeah. I mean, we had -- as you know, we had guided to 25% revenue growth for the year. We start out the year here with 17%. It definitely ramps the growth from a year-over-year perspective. We will ramp pretty much every quarter as we get up to Q4 to get to that 25%.
Mark Garrett: Now we did not. We don't disclose the bookings growth rates every quarter. We just said -- Shantanu had mentioned that we had a good quarter.
Mark Garrett: And Derrick, you could also watch the slides from the past that have also disclosed some of that, so I’ll be happy to follow-up later on where we will discuss sort of the Document Services TAM and related addressable markets.
MarkGarrett: So again, Brad, we customarily do not update annual guidance after Q1 and we’re not doing that today. But as Shantanu said, we’re happy with how we did in Q1 and it’s consistent with our expectations.
MarkGarrett: Yes. Brent, as we said, towards the end of last year, we’ve kind of gotten to the point where the perpetual number is pretty small. I mean, it’s going to bounce around a little bit based on customer preference, but it's not. It's not a material number anymore and it's not going to swing the revenue that much anymore. So we feel good about the fact that that has transitions into a more ratable model now.
MarkGarrett: Hi. It’s Mark. So on unbilled, we only disclose that number with the K at the end of each fiscal year. So, obviously, we would expect that to keep growing, but we don't disclose the number other than at the K.
