Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Our vision at Adobe is to change the world through digital experiences. Over the last few years, we've laid the groundwork for the future of the company through product innovation, acquisitions and business model changes. We talked earlier this year about focusing our efforts on 2 large market opportunities: Digital Media and Digital Marketing. The goal of our Digital Media business is to revolutionize the creative process. In Q2, we delivered CS6 and Creative Cloud, an offering that provides a comprehensive set of creative tools, applications and services that will take content creation to the next level. Customer and industry response has been outstanding with subscription adoption ahead of our internal projections. We will build on this early success by providing more rapid innovation and believe this will lead to increased loyalty among our existing customers while attracting the next generation of creative users. In Digital Marketing, our goal is to be mission critical to digital marketers by transforming how they manage, measure and optimize their marketing campaigns. We are uniquely positioned to win in this rapidly growing category given our leadership addition, the breadth of our offering and the strong relationship we have with the creative community. We intend to expand our offerings and integration across our product lines to ensure we stay ahead of the market and our customers' evolving needs. Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: So Steve, let me take that question. I mean, first, in terms of the subscribers that we had coming into the quarter, there were approximately 30,000 coming into the quarter in terms of subscribers from the CS5.5 and earlier. And so we did see a good adoption. The other thing, I think, to remember that we're really very pleased about is when you look at the pipeline that we have for new subscribers, and these are both the people who have awareness as a result of the trials and the free downloads, that's a significant portion. And so as Mark, I think, also said in his prepared remarks, given the proportion that we're running, a number of the customers are adopting -- about 70% of them are adopting the lower promotional pricing. And of the rest, a significant portion are new to the franchise.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, the perpetual business is also very healthy. And again, I think it's important to remember that at this time, the only thing we're offering, Steve, is subscriptions to individual users. So I think it's important to remember as we actually think about subscriptions, that as we introduce the team offering and the Enterprise offering, we would expect to see more subscription adoption. And so at this point, the subscribers are primarily individual users, either former users or new people to the platform. Over time, certainly, we believe that it's in our best interest to move more and more people to the subscription because that makes it more loyal to Adobe.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Brent, I mean, we would expect in Q3 to have a seasonal uptick relative to Q2 in the educational business. It certainly is the back-to-school part of the education business, which, as you correctly point out, is one of our largest verticals. And I think in terms of the mix, again, we would expect that individual students could start to adopt the subscription mix. We think it'll be on the same order as individual outside and the broader commercial space. But we would imagine that the Enterprise or, in this case, the education licensing business and the site license will continue to be the majority of the revenue in the quarter.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Peter, at the beginning of the year and at the Financial Analyst Meeting, we had talked about in both the LiveCycle and the Connect business to actually focus just on government and financial services. And for the year, we had mentioned that we would expect to see something like $150 million decline. It's actually probably a little bit even less than that. And so it's very much in line with the strategy to drive focus on Digital Marketing. And so we would continue to expect to see declines in the LiveCycle and Connect business moving forward as well.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe 2 other things to just add to that, Kash. Clearly, relative to what we had outlined at the Analyst Meeting in terms of the impact that we thought we would see in this year as we move to the subscription, we think subscription adoption is better than expected and what we had said at the Analyst Meeting. And therefore, the impact to revenue is higher. The other thing I'd just like to point out is that during the quarter, we launched both the perpetual as well as the subscription offerings. And it's gone extremely well from our point of view because we had to deliver all of the perpetual product. We've delivered individual subscriptions in over 30 countries via adobe.com and through some other partners. And the response actually of people who got subscriptions, their success rates are actually higher than all other traditional means. And so that really bodes well for customer sat [ph] and loyalty moving forward. And so I just wanted to point out that the execution on the move towards the Creative Cloud globally has actually gone really well.
Shantanu Narayen: And we're tracking to that. I think at the Analyst Day, we had said that we expect to see something like a 10% seed growth, and we think we're on track to accomplish that.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Brad, continuously comparing sort of units with the old models given some of the new offerings we have in subscriptions is actually going to be harder. What we were really trying to give you is a health of the business, which we feel the health is really strong in the business. Perpetual continues to do well as it relates to small and medium business and Enterprise. And individuals, the subscription offering is seeing an uptick that is higher than our projections. So what we were trying to do was give you a flavor, not just of units and subscriptions for individuals, but the overall business. And so we continue to be optimistic about this move towards the cloud as being the right strategic move for the company. In terms of total units, we had talked about how the cloud enables us to attract new customers and to drive seed growth. And again, in response to Adam's question, we think we're on track to accomplish that. That certainly includes units not just as part of subscriptions but also everything that we're doing with respect to Enterprise seed licenses.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, a couple of responses to that. The first is it's clear that Digital Marketing as a category is absolutely heating up. And we continue to think that we're very, very well positioned in that entire space with respect to everything we offer. The content management business continues to do really well. Efficient Frontier, we had the best quarter in bookings in terms of Efficient Frontier. The integration between analytics and content management and the integration between analytics and multi-campaign -- multichannel campaign is going really well. So specifically as it relates to social, we introduced Adobe Social. And we think that since Adobe SiteCatalyst is widely deployed on all of these thousands of brand sites because we collect 1.6 trillion transactions, we're uniquely positioned, frankly, to correlate those social media mentions with the business metrics on the site. And that continues to be, from our point of view, a key thing from customers. The other thing we can actually do is demonstrate the impact on business results. We also now enable them to actually do the content creation through Context Optional. And we're the first and actually, I think, the only Facebook preferred marketing developer who supports all of Facebook's marketing APIs. So clearly, the space is heating up. I think different companies are going to come at it from the CRM point of view, the IP point of view and the marketer. We think we're uniquely positioned on the marketer and the content. And this is such an explosive space. I think all companies will continue to do well right now.
Shantanu Narayen: So Tom, what we're hearing from the Enterprise customers is the rapid innovation that we're going to be delivering as part of the Creative Cloud, they certainly want access to that. I would say the file storage capabilities, they not only want it with -- across the enterprise through Creative Cloud, they really want digital asset management through the Day solution. And so we've provided that. And so their content requirements and their app requirements, we're hearing more demand not just for the content creation tools but, frankly, for content management through Day as well as the Digital Publishing Suite set of solutions. So that's really what we continue to hear from the enterprise. And selling the entire solution, I think, is really resonating with them.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, we'd intend to do that before the next major cycle, Tom. And for those of the customers who are on enterprise site license agreements, since they are on a per-seed basis, there really is no risk associated with them, whether they get the perpetual or the subscription, to get access to all of this technology.
Shantanu Narayen: And Jay, on the second question as it relates to the integration plans, I mean, there are probably 3 key areas that we focus on right now both between the Digital Marketing Suite and across them, which is content management and analytics. That's been a huge customer request, which is if they are implementing the content management system to make sure there's analytics associated with it. I would say the second one has been with content creation tools, the CS tools, and digital asset management so that all of the content that we are creating is automatically stored in these digital asset management areas. And so you can consider that an integration between CS as well as the Day content management repository. And the third, I would say, and it’s related to the question that was asked earlier, is everything to do with analytics and measuring whether it's marketing spend or conversion. So I would say the integration's going really quite well. We will continue to push on it. And we just -- there's so many ideas on the table. I'll put one more out there. Virtually every customer is interested in also exploring Digital Publishing Suite because they all recognize that they have to publish things not just on their website through Day or on social sites through Context Optional but also increasingly through app stores using the Digital Publishing Suite. And so that's clearly another area of integration between the content creation tools and our services.
Shantanu Narayen: So Jay, firstly, as Mark said, I think it's really early. We've only introduced the individual offering. We haven't yet introduced the team. We haven't yet introduced the enterprise. As we committed to at the Analyst Meeting, we wanted to give you some color, but we will have to wait and see a couple of quarters to see the mix, how this all plays out. What we clearly wanted to share, what -- overall feedback has been really positive. And the fact is that people are looking at this as a natural way. We've talked about piracy. We're definitely hearing anecdotal evidence that people who pirated copies in the past are now wanting to become legitimate by paying the monthly fee. And so it's all off to a good start, but I think it's too early to project 2015 right now.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. So Mike, the 5,000 is only as it relates to individual subscribers. And yes, we would expect acceleration when the other offerings come to market because the numbers there are -- for individual customer do tend to be large.
Shantanu Narayen: So Heather, first, with respect to the interest and demand that we're getting for our Creative Cloud, it's actually very broad based. The number of customers who've signed on for the free membership, the trial downloads, the volumes associated with that has been broad. It's across multiple countries in which we are offering it; and it's across multiple customer segments, so whether you consider them imaging or video or folks who are creating web applications; and it's across all of the individual point products as well, which suggest that it's a broad-based demand right now for the Creative Cloud. The thing I will remind everybody who's listening is that it is so early, and none of them have actually seen the amount of innovation that we can add on a monthly and a quarterly basis. And so I think the beauty of the Creative Cloud offering really is that it feeds on itself with respect to all of the new innovation that we can provide. And we're so early. While we have a road map for all of that development, it really hasn't materialized yet. And so we think that, that actually should help accelerate adoption of the Creative Cloud, as well as when we move people through the funnel because there is a significant amount of awareness of the Creative Cloud. With respect to your second question on units, as Mark said in his prepared remarks, the way we look at performance is going to be a combination of the perpetual revenue, the site license revenue as well as subscription. So we'll start to give you that data as the quarters proceed. And so you have to look at all of that cumulatively as you get a true state of the business.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Again, I think at the beginning of the year, we had talked about 2 key goals for the company. We were going to move the Creative business to the cloud to attract new customers, to make that far more predictable and to continue to drive innovation. And while early, we think we're off to a really successful start with respect to the Creative Cloud introduction that we've seen so far. As we've said, subscriptions are ahead of track, and we have now a platform on which we can build to drive continuous innovation. The second goal that we had talked about was focusing on this fast-growing category of Digital Marketing. It's clear that that's spanning out and that the acquisitions and the organic innovation that we have done position us very well. As Mark said, we've had 35% year-over-year growth in revenue in that category. The pipeline is healthy. And so while there was some softness in Europe, we do not think that it impacts our confidence, both in our strategy as well as in our execution. So thank you for joining us today.
Mark Garrett: Sure, Walter. It's Mark. So you're right. We did have some people that converted over from the 5.5 memberships. As we mentioned on the call, we are now running at about 5,000 net new subscribers per week. And if you look at the quarter, to answer your question on the revenue impact, we overachieved our projection, and that had an approximately $10 million impact to Q2. But again, this is the impact of the overachievement of subscribers relative to our expectations. It's clearly not the impact of all subscribers. So net answer -- the net answer is about $10 million in the quarter can be attributed to our overachievement on subscribers.
Mark Garrett: Yes. So when we originally guided 6% to 8%, a few things were different. And we've tightened that to 6% to 7%. On the year, our business looks really healthy, and we're happy with how the business is progressing. But we are trying to be prudent about European demand and the currency impacts of what's going on in Europe. And then the third piece is we are more optimistic about the move to subscriptions and to the Creative Cloud, and that will have some impact on the revenue for the year as well.
Mark Garrett: Correct. We haven't seen it spill into other territories. On the education side, Brent, we haven't really disclosed a number every quarter, but it's north of 10% as a vertical.
Mark Garrett: Kash, it's Mark. Yes, you touched on both of the reasons. It is different this cycle. Like I said, we're optimistic about the move to subscriptions, and that might have some impact in the third quarter, as well as the fact that we're trying to be prudent about Europe, both from a demand perspective and from a currency perspective.
Mark Garrett: We feel pretty good that we've now captured the impact to 2012 as people move to subscriptions based on the run rate that we had seen so far.
Mark Garrett: This is Mark. On the Digital Marketing side, the cost is mainly around hosting. On the Digital Media side, COGS were up this quarter primarily due to the shipment of the CS6 product, things like localization, increased Shrink Wrap product that went out into the channel, things like that. Both of those are somewhat unique to this quarter.
Mark Garrett: Well, we gave you quite a few numbers given the fact that the product has only been out for 4 or 5 weeks. As we move forward, we'll certainly continue to give you the numbers that we did this quarter, and we'll look to expand that as it starts to settle into a range that's a little more predictable. So you can look forward to us providing more information as we move forward.
Mark Garrett: Sure, Jay. It's Mark. So for adobe.com, directionally, we fully expect adobe.com to be a larger and larger percentage of our business, especially as we move more and more subscription people over onto adobe.com. It gives us a one-to-one relationship with our customers that we don't always get when product is sold elsewhere. And frankly, it's better margin as well. So we would expect that business to grow going forward without a doubt.
Mark Garrett: Yes, this is Mark. It was 23% last quarter. It's about 23% again this quarter. Keep in mind that the subscription revenue from the cloud really doesn't impact our financials this quarter at all because obviously, the offering was late in the quarter and it takes a while to ramp up from a revenue perspective. One other thing while I'm on this that I should mention is if you look at deferred revenue, we had a nice, healthy deferred revenue increase, which is great. Deferred revenue does not, and will not, include cloud revenue because we bill on a monthly basis. We don't bill in advance even for the annual subscriptions. So I just want to make sure you understand not to look at deferred revenue as some metric to figure out future cloud revenue.
Mark Garrett: Ross, it's Mark. Those numbers are correct. And yes, we did have an initial spike when we first launched the product, and then we've settled into the 5,000.
Mark Garrett: Well, if you look at the fact that we had a $10 million impact in terms of overachievement in the second quarter, you can use that as a surrogate for what that might mean going forward. We took 1 point, if you will, off the top end of the range. We didn't lower the range. We just took 1 point off the top of it. And you can look at $10 million impact in the second quarter as a surrogate to come up with what the subscription impact might be as you go forward. And then the rest is Europe and FX.
Mark Garrett: Yes, sure. So like I said, deferred revenue, you can see, was up $44 million. That's driven by the Omniture and the Digital Marketing businesses that are subscription-oriented businesses and substantial ones today, as well as maintenance and support. And we actually also have from time to time some royalty contracts in the Print and Publishing business that get renewed and they're booked to deferred and then recognized ratably over time. I would expect over a longer period that deferred revenue will continue to go up. I think next quarter, it's conceivable that it's flat to maybe even slightly down next quarter, just because of this royalty contract that got renewed this quarter. And that was worth -- I'll tell you that was worth $13 million in deferred. Of the $44 million, $13 million was from a royalty contract in Print and Publishing. So that would come out next quarter, and we might see it slightly down. But over the longer period, I would fully expect deferred revenue to continue to increase even though Creative Cloud subscriptions won't be reflected in deferred because we've got the Digital Market business, which is going to be a very large SaaS business moving forward. And then from a cash flow perspective, I don't foresee any changes in the near term. We continue to have a very healthy cash generating business model, and I fully expect that to continue. One thing I did want to add before I turn the call to Shantanu to wrap up is I think there's been some question about the Digital Marketing revenue, and I just want to make sure, if you look at the data sheet, that you understand that Digital Marketing includes the LiveCycle and Connect businesses. And if you look at our supplementary data, it's a better way to look at those businesses so that you can see how much was LiveCycle and Connect and how much is what we call the Digital Marketing Suite revenue, which is the Omniture products and the WEM products together, which is really where the growth is going to come from.
