Shantanu Narayen: So Brad, fundamentally, when we see the results that we've had, I mean, it's clear to us that our strategy is spot on. And actually, our execution has been pretty outstanding. As you realize, with any major change like this, we're looking for tweaks that would lead to a better customer and business outcome. We don't have any that we've identified today, but we're pretty confident of all of the results and the metrics that we've identified at the beginning of the year. So we continue to be very positive about the opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: So Peter, specifically, what is happening in one of our solutions, which is the Adobe Web Experience Manager solution, is that we have a new offering that we are now providing, which is a managed services offering. So think about it as people are actually now outsourcing their web infrastructure to us, and the duration of this, rather than being an upfront license, is actually a term-based offering. The benefits to us are quite significant for this, Peter. We now are hosting the infrastructure for a number of the best brands in the world. Our ability to upsell them to other solutions has never been higher, namely the Adobe Target solution or the Adobe Social solution. But the way we invoice this right now rather than it be upfront, it's over a multiyear period, and it is a term period. And so I think Mark also alluded in his prepared remarks to if we had recognized all of those bookings that we had got in the quarter, yes, the revenue, reported revenue, would have been greater than 20%. So that business continues to perform exceedingly well. And actually, I think it's a healthier state of the business long term for our long-term shareholders.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Walter, why I don't take that first, and then Mark can certainly add on, which is we continue to see good linearity of subscribers actually during the quarter. I would say after the MAX announcement, when we announce some of our new offerings, the team offerings saw increased momentum. And I would attribute that to the fact that all of our channel partners are now up to speed. They're trained on the team offering. And so we certainly saw strong end-of-quarter surge in the team stuff. But for the individual subscribers, I would say it's been a good linear progression of the number of subscribers we have.
Shantanu Narayen: And I would say, Walter, it's also the continued growth in the number of people who are coming in for the free memberships, which also continues to increase. Mark has given you insight into, certainly, the ARR and the number of subscribers that we see on a quarterly basis. And on an annual basis, we'll update the other key metrics that we measure in this business, which are all positive, namely things like new customer acquisition, units and installed base. So all signs point towards a healthy second half.
Shantanu Narayen: And the other thing I would add to that, Brent, is the fact that even education ETLAs are doing well for us. So in addition to the individual subscribers, which is a really healthy part of the subscriber mix that we have, the ETLAs also continues to do well. We saw some good acceleration of ETLAs, which are now, as you know, term-based deals in the enterprise during the quarter.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I would say, Brent, really, I think just the clarity of the strategy within the company and alignment that we have associated with it. And I have to give the employees here a lot of credit. I mean, we've been executing strong against the strategy that we outlined, so we have to continue to remain focused on that. The fact that we've said it's subscribers and ARR in the Digital Media business, and driving product innovation and bookings in the Digital Marketing business and delivering on the Creative Cloud, there's great alignment associated with that in the company.
Shantanu Narayen: Jennifer, it's early, but again, it's been very much in line with our expectations. I think the results have been strong. And as we get more data, we will continue to monitor it. But so far, so good.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Steve, this is one of those numbers again where we continue to track new customer acquisition that is brand new to the Creative Cloud platform. And it's clear that the attractive pricing, upfront pricing, is attracting new customers to the platform. When we look at the number of subscribers that we have, the relative ratio of the 3 categories that we've had for our customers, namely creative pros, people at work and people at home. It's sort of continues to be relatively the same, whether it's new customers or its customers who are transitioning to the Creative Cloud offering. I would say that North America is slightly ahead of the international markets in terms of the adoption of the Creative Cloud. But our other big markets, the U.K., Germany and Japan are also seeing adoption, so relatively in line with what we had when we had only our perpetual offerings, Steve.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Maybe big picture first, Steve. It's clear that we've been talking about marketing being a multibillion-dollar opportunity. And I think you are seeing that like we've said, it's going to provide really sustainable growth for not just us, but we continue to think that there are going to be a number of companies approaching the space with multiple winners. But Adobe's going to be one of those winners. We clearly see our heritage and the fact that we have the most comprehensive set of marketing solutions available as our advantage. We don't approach it from the ERP or the sales side. And hence, we believe that we are the trusted partner of marketers all around the world. We will continue to fill out our offering as well in terms of the marketing cloud. But I think our biggest differentiation and our unique point comes from the web infrastructure and the web analytics, where we are clear leaders in. And then we look at adding functionality from that core set of offerings that we have.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, you have to take into a fact -- account the fact was that we had a launch in Q2 of last year. So I mean, I think there are some other factors that you really have to look at when you do it. The one thing I'll say is that since we outlined this in November 2011, actually we've been remarkably on track with the overall projections that we've had. But factor in the launch as well as you look at your numbers.
Shantanu Narayen: And Ross, again, as you factor that in, I'll tell you, you have to think about not just our license bookings, but also professional services, because that bookings also happens on the first.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me answer your first question first, Kash, which is as we look at the people who are adopting Creative Cloud, as I mentioned to Steve as well, it's relatively consistent with what we saw with Creative Suite. Namely, it's the creative pros followed by people at work, followed by people at home. And so that gives you a sort of general direction. And we'll update those on a less frequent basis, but we'll certainly give you updates on an annual basis. Things like installed base, et cetera, we track it. It's just hard to do as part of an earnings call. And with respect to your second question on promotions, I think again, Mark alluded to the fact that we'll continue to have targeted opportunities available for people to have an on-ramp. And as those tail off, we have people moving to different price points. And so far, that's again all in line with the expectations that we have.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Mark. I would say it's a spectrum of people. As we said, we are attracting new customers to the platform. We're certainly seeing CS6 customers. We are seeing people from prior versions. we're seeing point product users move to the Creative Cloud. So I think it's a spectrum of customers across all of our previous versions as well as new customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, maybe I'll take that one. I mean, I think we are seeing both individual point product subscriptions, as well as CS. I would say we are seeing a larger number of -- as you saw in our numbers, the majority of the numbers that are subscribing to Creative Cloud are actually for the entire offering as opposed to the point products. Certainly, a large percentage of that are former Creative Suite customers as opposed to point product customers, but I think you are seeing the other side as well. And if you look at it, there's about 80% of the people on Creative Cloud who are subscribing to the full offering, they're about 20% to the point products. And that's a little higher than what it was for Creative Suite, which was approximately 70% of the CS Suite's revenue was for the full and about 30% was for CS point products. So hopefully, that gives you some color on what's happening.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, we are. I mean, people look at it. And some of the new things that we've done, the HTML tools, products like Muse, the fact that some of our offerings are only available as Creative Cloud offerings are certainly a reason for people migrating to the Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: I think with hybris and with commerce specifically, we have a great partnership, not only with hybris but also with SAP. And so we expect that to actually continue and to provide more opportunities for us. In fact, SAP reached out as soon as it was announced to say that they'd like to continue to strengthen the partnership.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say overall, Jay, it's played out relatively in line with our expectations. And I think we continue to believe that the entire offering is really where people will, hopefully, migrate to, and that the point products are a great on-ramp to the entire Creative Cloud offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, clearly, we mentioned in the prepared remarks that we are seeing an acceleration of the ETLAs, the direct sales efforts are really paying off and customers are actually responding very positively, Jay. So you've known that we've had a fairly healthy licensing business, which is enterprise agreements. Those are migrating, I would say, in Q2 a little faster than expected to the ETLA, so that's positive. As it relates to the channel, because we had multiple offerings prior to the announcement at MAX that we would be focusing on the Creative Cloud offering, I thought we saw more of a mix between the perpetual offering and the team offering. At the end of the quarter, we definitely saw an acceleration of team units that were sold by the channel. And we're counting on that continuing in Q3 and beyond as the channel partners are educated and focused pretty much exclusively on selling subscriptions.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me take your last question first, Jay. When we look at the DPS business for Q2, it's actually fairly clear that we are seeing tremendous traction outside traditional publishers as well. And so when you look at the bookings, we are seeing a lot of growth in the markets that you mentioned: financial services, catalog providers, training material. And that is actually not just licensed on a per copy. There's an enterprise license agreement for that, so it's a very healthy business term-based agreements. As it relates to the core publishing platform, as you point out, I think the adoption is actually going fairly quickly. And those are drawdown of the number of downloads that they've committed to. And when that happens, they have to renew their agreement. So seeing health in the publisher business with the downloads, I would say seeing greater-than-expected strength in the commercial market as people are providing them materials through the app stores, which are provided as enterprise license for those customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, we're seeing early success with the 5 solutions and simplified pricing that has been rolled out. And we've taken the 30 products that we had and consolidated it into the 5 offerings. So it's early. But there's a single contract in place right now that enables customers to easily friction-free do business with us. And Tartan is available right now in beta for some customers, Jay. So we are making progress on both the product side, as well as on the go-to-market side.
Shantanu Narayen: I'll answer that question relative to the Creative Suite business as sort of a benchmark. I would say North America, because it's been available here for the most time, is slightly ahead of where Creative Suite was at the time that we only had Creative Suite. But the other major markets that we are seeing, EMEA I would say, is just pretty much on line with what we are seeing for Creative Suite. Asia is a little bit behind where we were for Creative suite, but in line with our expectations. So hopefully, that gives you some color of what's happening. North America, slightly ahead, and Asia slightly behind of where we were with Creative Suite in terms of a geo distribution.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Mike, we feel good about the growth opportunities in both of the markets. Digital marketing certainly as we continue to see 25% bookings and as that continues to grow, we definitely look at that as an opportunity. In Digital Media, I would say 2 things. As you know, when we released versions of our products, not everybody migrated to every version of the product. And so we expect to see growth, both through new customer acquisition in Digital Media, but also honestly, just having more people stay current with the current offering that we have as part of Creative Cloud. And at MAX, we outlined the over 10 million people that we have as our installed base. And the fact that not everyone of them transacted business with us every year, if we are successful with this when we are successful, we will have more people who are current with our offerings. And so I think both of them represent growth opportunities. Mark has, in the past, showed that we will continue to see CAGR increasing for the Digital Media as well, starting in 2014. So everything seems to be on track. And maybe that's a good way, given that was the last question, to really just summarize. From our point of view, we look at it, and we said in November 2011, that there was a new strategy for the growth businesses. We provided you metrics to measure this progress in multiyear goals. And I would say the management team and employees feel really good about the fact that we're exceedingly -- executing exceedingly well and ahead of goals in both of the focused markets, media and marketing. As we pointed out, we've attracted 700,000 paying subscribers to this new offering that we think will reimagine creativity. One thing I should point out is that yesterday, we started to provide integration with Behance to all of our customers. And so, we are starting the journey to create also the largest creative community in the world. And with marketing cloud, we think we have the most comprehensive offering for marketers. So we're driving innovation. We're serving customers well. And I think we have an incredibly energized employee base. Thank you for joining us today.
Mark S. Garrett: So we gave you guys an ARPU number, Brad, back in Q3. It's been kind of been in that ballpark, frankly, ever since we gave you that number. We are very focused, as Shantanu said, on driving subscribers. And we've said I think consistently that ARPU is going to move around a bit as we have things like promotion and mix change depending on what products people buy. But in the end, we're driving ARR. And any of these moves we make, we expect would be accretive to ARR.
Mark S. Garrett: We're just, right now, we're looking to maximize ARR. But it's been in that ballpark, like I said, since the beginning.
Mark S. Garrett: I think -- Peter, it's Mark. I think we'd still be in the 20% ballpark. That's what we would target.
Mark S. Garrett: No, I was just going to say, as we pointed out, the ramp just accelerates as you go through the back half of this year. So we would expect more subscribers in Q3, and then yet more again in Q4.
Mark S. Garrett: It's a few things. It's a few things, Walter, right? It's the launch we just had. It's the viral nature of the offering. It's the team offering as well. I think it's a combination of all those.
Mark S. Garrett: No, no, we're not implying that Q4 would be down sequentially, if that's what you're saying, Walter.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, Brent. Education is doing well. And I think we're getting more and more traction. Clearly, with the school year coming up, we would expect there to be an uptick in education as people start to adopt, but it's going well.
Mark S. Garrett: And the while we're not going to do this, obviously, every single quarter, there are metrics that we'll provide, like we have in the past on more on an annual basis. So things like subscribers or free subscribers or units or installed base and things like product mix, Brent, we'll do that more on an annual basis.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, Jennifer, it's Mark. We talked about that a little bit at MAX. We still believe that, that holds true, which is we would expect over time, perpetual to tail off. We said it would de minimis in FY '15. We still are selling CS6. But clearly, we want to move people more and more to the Cloud, and we're starting to see that more and more.
Mark S. Garrett: So if you look at the back half, Ross, I would say a couple things. First of all, of course, everything that we think is going to happen is reflected in the guidance already. So the $4.1 billion kind of relates back to the 1.25 million subscribers we think we're going to get. We've said all along that to the extent that we drive increased subscribers, were we to beat that number, there's a chance that perpetual could come in lighter. But in the end, that would be a good result from my perspective. So right now, we'd say it's 1.25 million subscribers, and it's $4.1 billion in annual revenue. And that mix will potentially shift as we go through the back half of the year, but that's what we think right now.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, that's exactly it. On the first of the month, the billings go out for the month. It's not the entire quarter. So you'll have a large chunk that went out on June 1 that didn't get reflected in Q2. But if you go back to Q1, you saw that we picked up that extra day, if you will, on the last day of the quarter.
Mark S. Garrett: And of course, that also has an impact on the cash flow number. So that was reduced by the fact that we didn't have those billings in the month.
Mark S. Garrett: I think that's a little unrealistic. I think there will be people, and we assumed this when we rolled out this strategy 2 years ago, that maybe fall by the wayside. But we would certainly try to get as many as possible. And we will get a lot of them, but I don't think it's fair to see [ph] that we'd get every single one.
Mark S. Garrett: Well, so ARR is obviously just the first year's worth. But ARR -- so this gets a little complicated. ARR really doesn't show up in deferred because the way we bill for Creative, we're not billing in advance. We're billing by the month. As a result of that, it doesn't show up in deferred. Deferred is really the rest of the business, if you will. It's the ETLAs. It's the Digital Marketing business. And we are starting to see more longer-term contracts in that business.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, it's pretty straightforward. We have a building that we own that we put up for sale. And as a result of that, we had to write it to market value. So we had to write it down to market value.
