Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Jennifer. I mean, there a couple of questions in there. First, some color on GDPR. As we know, requirements and regulations for all businesses that are transacting online continue to evolve. But from our perspective and looking at Q3, we don't think it'll fundamentally change the relentless move that all businesses have to do more online, which is driven by customer preference. We did transition our own adobe.com sites to meet these requirements. And we'll continue to tweak and evolve our technology to lead the market. And as you pointed out, our results show that we achieved strong results in Q3. When we look at the transition between Q3 and Q4, I think it's important to remember a couple of things. The first is Q3 tends to be seasonally weak, and so Q4 is our seasonally strong quarter. Education comes back, and education will show its strength in Q4. I think, with MAX coming up and all of the innovation that we continue to show with respect to MAX, which will be exciting, I hope you're attending, is also going to be in Q4. So Q3 ARR was strong. The business continues to add momentum. I think John spoke in his prepared remarks also as to strength that we saw across offerings. I'll highlight mobile. Mobile, we continue to drive a lot of new customer acquisition through units, Single App of Acrobat and the Photography continue to do well. So we continue to innovate in creativity, and there's strong demand there, Jennifer.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think our primary focus, again, putting it in big picture, continues to be attracting new customers and delivering value. Certainly, the new pricing that we introduced was accretive to us, but we continue to attract new customers. And they are seeing the benefit, as you point out again, with all of the innovation that we deliver, Lightroom, XD, Character Animator, Spark and Dimension, it was clearly the right time to introduce new pricing. And -- but we have also had quite a bit of experience with that as currency has fluctuated in other countries. The one other thing I might mention here is I know there have been some questions to Mike about promotions and how we look at promotions as well. From our point of view, they continue to be compelling events to drive a call to action. And then we see a double benefit because not only do we attract new customers to the platform but with strong retention rates that, at renewal time, leads to a further increase in ARR, which, again, when you think about Q4, given annual cycles, that's another thing that factors into our guidance for Q4. So all in all, we think our business is good.
Shantanu Narayen: I think big picture, the whole digital transformation agenda, Brent, continues to be front and center to every C-level executive. We had strong bookings. I think we talked about that a couple of times both in my prepared remarks as well as in John's and I think the strength of our product portfolio, which continues to be differentiated. Magento was off to good start. I mean, the fact that they have both B2B and B2C, I think, continues to help. We saw some good deployments of Adobe Experience Manager. So big picture, we, again are continuing to see a lot of demand for our solutions. We had some great events that we had all around the world. We normally do Japan and Sydney and Singapore during the quarter. And so I think it's digital transformation and customer centricity and loyalty that's driving the Digital Experience business. As you know, we would never comment on a market rumor.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, to answer your first question, we continue to see a lot of demand in people really both automating inefficient paper-based processes as well as using mobile devices to deal with PDF. I think we mentioned that over 50 billion PDFs are being opened in our documents alone. And so I think as we think about the document business in particular, among the customer pieces of feedback that we're getting, the first one clearly is that they want access to that PDF across all of -- all devices. They continue to want to have mobile devices being a PDF-creation device. So we talked a little bit about scanning and storage therefore so that people can actually have access to their content across devices. The other area I would say that a lot of people are looking at is certainly collaboration and what we can do with respect to collaboration and allowing different people to participate in a document workflow. And certainly signing and the interest in signing, whether that's ad hoc completely using the Acrobat product and desktop readers or complete workflows where signing is an ingredient within the enterprises. Hopefully, that gives you a flavor for how we are thinking about how we will continue to innovate in Document Cloud. And the one other thing I'd mention is a deeper focus on partnerships and what we are doing to ensure that PDF is embedded within other ecosystems. We certainly introduced recently support for both Sign in SharePoint as well as in Outlook. So that hopefully gives you a flavor of where we're focused with the document business.
Shantanu Narayen: So Jay, let me take both of those questions. First, with respect what we are doing on the Experience Cloud, an area of innovation that we're particularly excited about is enabling for all enterprises to have a Unified Customer Profile, where we are getting all of the behavioral, demographic data for customers across all of our different solutions. It's something that customers are already testing out in beta. And if you think about that, what it really means for us is this Unified Customer Profile can become the central nervous system in an enterprise, not just therefore targeting the CMOs but increasingly having the CIOs look at that as the basis for how they want to integrate a unified customer experience across all of the different enterprise solutions that might exist. And so that also then allows us, to your second question about the domain-specific AI, with Adobe Sensei, we have the ability for people not only to have our AI be applied to their dataset but for also their own AI and their data science continues to be leveraged using the datasets that they have. So both of those, we've started to deliver them. When I look at the results of the bookings in Q3, the multiproduct implementation and sales continues to be strong. So it's clearly an effective tool for us to go in and have more of the entire CMO deck be served by Adobe. So both of those, we continue to do it. I'm sure Brad will give an update at MAX as well in terms of how we see that, and so we look forward to that. And with respect to your question on MAX, certainly, XD and screen design has been an area of fairly deep investment for us. It's the only cross-platform solution, I think, we talk about not just helping design mobile applications but every screen. I mean, you have all of this content that's being delivered to screens across retail, across even fast food. And our products, all the way from content creation to content management and delivery, is powering that. Collaboration is another area for XD. And it's harder than it was in the InDesign as a result of more and more people using the Creative Cloud entire suite to look at just an individual product but both from an individual product monthly average usage of XD as well as the adoption in Creative Cloud All Apps, we continue to be pleased with how XD is doing. And that just serves as additional value to all of our Creative customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think, Walter, we were looking for a nice beachhead to start to think about how we could leverage the strength that we had in the enterprise down into whether that's departments, mid-market, commercial, sort of is another way in which people look at it. And that has been an area where we have seen some good adoption. And so our job was to continue to leverage Magento within the enterprise and to leverage Magento's base and their ecosystem of developers by allowing them. And I would say both the Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Analytics are products that can be used in that particular category to create websites as well as to have analytics in there. So it will continue to be an area. I think you're also seeing this product now being used within B2B installations as they all want to create a direct relationship with customers. So you have a lot of these companies that have billions of customers but don't have direct access to those folks because they go through a distribution channel. So hopefully, that gives you some indication of how we're continuing to expand the customer set that we target with Experience Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: The first answer, Brad, is we're definitely seeing accelerated adoption as a result of our products having been delivered on Azure. And I think going back to what I talked about with respect to the customer profile, what we are seeing are people are standardizing on Azure increasingly as an infrastructure for their cloud-based solutions, and we have a really great solution on top of that in order to be able to bring this Unified Customer Profile that exists. And so the success is leading to larger deals. It's leading to higher close rates. And frankly, I think more and more of both the Microsoft field force as well as the Adobe one are now looking at it and saying this is something that's resonating with customers. And so it is accelerating.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Saket. I mean, a couple of things. The first is I would not underestimate the importance of commerce being tied into content management systems and analytics because while commerce is closing the loop, the real activity is happening when you're doing A/B testing or where you're delivery content. And from my point of view, what was really attractive about Magento in addition to this really closing the loop and making every experience shoppable is the fact that they were the only player who had both B2B as well as B2C as well as digital goods and physical goods. And the other thing that I think they brought to bear, which is really paying off, is this ecosystem. What's happened in the commerce market, if you think about it, is that there are so many separate customization efforts. Having this large ecosystem of over 300,000 developers leads to both more rapid time to value for the enterprise customers, and honestly, they actually serve in many ways as a channel because they are helping with the ability to quickly install Magento as a way to bring us into more deals. And so that was the strategic rationale. I mean, it was a clear -- as you know, we had integrations with a whole bunch of different vendors, but the customers really wanted a solution end to end from Adobe. And we're pleased that we're able to deliver it, and it's off to a good start.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I mean, first, to your question, Alex, partner certainly plays a huge role in terms of the amplification of how effectively we can get in and meet all of those customers in the mid-market. But we also have and we've always had ability through inside sales as well as the ability through partners to target them. So that isn't rocket science. We certainly have the ability to do that. And with Magento, we have the product as well that serves them well. And then as we think about B2B, what's really happening -- I mean, think of yourself as a consumer goods company. You may be a consumer goods company where you have 1 billion people use your product every day, but you don't have the ability to have those customers in your profile because you're going through a distribution channel. They're increasingly understanding that they have to create that direct relationship with customers, and so it's going to be a big part of the expansion of how we look at our business because they're all looking at Adobe to help them do what we frankly did in many ways, which was have a direct relationship with our customers. So B2B2C is already a major trend that's happening, and we're a key part of digitally enabling that.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think when you look at Experience Cloud, I think it's important to remember what we said at the beginning of the year as we are focused a lot more on subscription bookings and subscription revenue growth, and to really understand that from our point of view, when you look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and the targets for Q4, it's actually ahead of what we had said. And so I -- we think we have a great offering. We're the leader in that market, and continuing to focus on the massive addressable opportunity is what we are doing. But clearly, 2018, we were going through that as well as we talked about having the partner ecosystem take on more of the services part of it. And you can -- you probably see that as well if you look at the financial data sheets that we've provided.
Shantanu Narayen: Kash, I think we've always talked about the fact that if we look at the installed base of Creative and the number of creatives that exist, it's a massive number. And when you think about what's happening with the segment like photography or when you think about what's happening with mobile and you think about what's happening with emerging markets and students, those have always been areas of tremendous interest for us. I would say where we have really matured is when you think about the data-driven model that we're using to run that particular business, and Bryan's going to touch in more detail on this at MAX. The fact that we understand what we have to do on the discover, try, buy, use and renew part of that workflow, we have got so much better at understanding how people are discovering us and why trialists is a key part of getting people both aware of our products, using our products and then converting. And so I wouldn't say that, that's new. I would say that we're getting better and better at it as we understand how to tailor our offerings. I think the other thing that we've always talked about is the fact that we now have more offerings enables us to further attract new customers to the platform. With the only All Apps, we did not have the kind of offerings that we have right now. The fact that we can do it with mobile, we have multiple photography offerings, there's just far more scrutiny and focus on how we attract new customers to the platform, Kash. And I think in the past, we've thrown out that we have over 100 million IDs that are being created by these trialers, and that's how we look at expanding the top of funnel.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think we talk about it more with respect to the over $30 billion that exists in Digital Media between what we have as Document Cloud and Creative Cloud. And I know the question that has also always come by is piracy and are we affecting piracy. There's no question that we're continuing to impact piracy with the business model and the fact that we're allowing people to trial and then convert more effectively.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Sterling, I mean, when I look at the Digital Media business, I maybe separate a little bit of what's happening in the Creative side of that business with what's happening on the Acrobat side of the business. In the Creative side of the business, and there may be a few countries that are the exception, but the vast majority of consumers are directly interfacing with us on adobe.com. We certainly have, as you know, an enterprise ETLA. That did really well as enterprises are adopting more and more services. That's increasing the ARPU that exists with enterprises. So I would say the Creative business is primarily happening through adobe.com, except again, as I said, in some countries, where retail is a strong presence. On the document side of the business, I think given a lot of people still buy Acrobat when they buy a new PC as well as in conjunction with Office, the channel continues to be an important partner for us. And that's why we continue to offer both the subscription now, which is increasingly the preferred when -- which people are buying Acrobat DC. But I would say, there, it's still a fairly large percentage of our business and an important part of how we go to market. So hopefully that's giving that gives you some color of what it is. But more and more, it's happening on adobe.com. And as we expand the base and as we renew online and we hopefully up sell them to higher value products, all of those represent both ARR as well as margin improvement opportunities.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think you're right in terms of fragmentation. I think the fact that we have a platform is a clear differentiator and allows us to get a disproportionate share. We talk a lot about the number of multi-solution deals, and we're going to continue to, I think, do well in that particular respect. Outside the U.S. continues to be a really important market opportunity for us. I think we've said with commerce now as part of the portfolio that we have, that's an over $60 billion TAM, and that's available for us. But a lot of the small players that existed in different categories, we're clearly getting the request from our customers that across all of these channels, they want one unified way of personalizing the experience. And so I think the consolidation that's happening in that space, Mark, is as a result of when people are using more and more of our solutions, their ability to address that customers is significantly better when -- than when all these fragmented solutions don't talk to each other. And that's our goal, to be the experience platform to enable them to run their business online.
Shantanu Narayen: I'll take the question on ARR, and then maybe John can give you more color on the Magento. I think on the ARR, Heather, at the FA meeting, we'll talk a lot more about it. I think it's -- we're focused on a strong close for Q4 and we'll give you more color on the interesting things that are happening at MAX. We continue to be excited about the long-term opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: Look, I would just say we continue to execute against the opportunity. And we've always maintained that the people who contribute stock and the people who use stock are our customers. And I would say the success was both in the enterprise where we're certainly now having large stock deals that allow them to have access to our entire assets. The fact that the content inventory is improving across a different variety of media types, I think that continues to play a role. And if you look at our apps, I think one thing we're continuing to do better is the integration of the stock portfolio that we have and the Sensei-based features that we have to find the right asset as a means to accelerate content creation is also I think starting to show benefits. And last but not least, I mean, we do have offerings that have both the creative products as well as Stock as part of an offering. We think that's great value, and that continues to be something that we are making available to our customers. So I think across-the-board, we continue to be excited about stock as a service that people will look at as an extension of the Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: I think with respect churn and retention, which continues to be a huge area of focus for us, I think the way we continue to be focused on it, it continues to do well so that we haven't seen really any change in the aggregate as it relates to churn. But the thing that we will continue to do is the more offerings you have and the more those offerings can be tailored allows us to actually target and retain more of the customer base. So I think that is one of the things with mobile. We're able to do that. And we continue to be really focused. I mean, in that sense, I just look at it and say when there's a long tail of creators, the deeper our offering is, whether it's Spark, Premium at one end of the spectrum or the ability to do one PDF conversion all the way to the entire Creative Suite or Creative Suite plus Acrobat app, that's the way in which you can continue to make sure that you're delivering value to a broader and broader swath of customers. And outside the U.S., the ability to have differential pricing and look at that differential pricing also is another way that we will continue to focus on retention, on sales and continuing to have people have value. And so I think that's the way we look at it. But given that was the last question, Derrick, I mean, just for everybody, I think Q3 reflected another quarter from our perspective of both strong execution and validation that the strategy of empowering people to create and helping businesses transform is working. When you look at the Q4 targets, I think it reflects the momentum that we continue to drive across all geographies and all offerings. And we're really excited about sharing more at MAX about how we intend to continue to expand addressable markets and the strategic initiatives that we will focus on as a company to drive sustained growth on both the top and bottom line and deliver more value to our customers. But we appreciate you joining us on the call today.
