Mark Garrett: Yes, Hi Ross, like we said on the prepared remarks we feel really good about the quarter, we drove 500,000 units this a Q3 for us which is a seasonally more difficult quarter and we felt very good about how we did. We do believe there is tremendous upside in the channel. In the second quarter you saw the channel was primarily focused on kind of the last hurrah of perpetual revenue with CS6 if you will, this is the first quarter they had to sell exclusively the subscription product and we think there is a tremendous ramp that we are going to see from them contributing to that mix moving forward. Education as you know is strong in Q3 as well we had a good education quarter. And the bundle continues to attract new customers. So we are really happy with how it’s progressing. We do think that the channel will be able to contribute more moving forward and that’s going to help that mix and it’s also going to add to ARPU over time.
Mark Garrett: Let’s take the next question, and let’s try to limit to one just so we can fit everybody in. Thanks.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Brent. So as I pointed out upfront. In the Adobe Marketing Cloud we’re seeing a much faster move to term based managed services solutions for AM and Campaign. We went into the year assuming about 60% term based mix. And we’re going to end more around 75% and that delta that $60 million delta for the year is what’s really driving the difference. If you look at the fourth quarter as I said we would have been closer to $1.1 billion at the high-end of our range had we not gone through a faster shift of this AM and Campaign from perpetual to term based. 
Mark Garrett: And then just to add on to that one more time, what that does Brent as you know, is it helps drive deferred revenue, we had a record deferred revenue quarter. It also helps drive the unbilled backlog, which we disclosed at the end of the year. And between the two of them now we’ve got roughly $2 billion of contracted business waiting to be recognized in the form of revenue. So it just makes for a much healthier business over all.
Mark Garrett: Well, I mean, generally speaking like Shantanu mentioned and I think I mentioned across each of the offerings, the ARPU has either remain constant or actually increased. And from the retention perspective, we’re seeing very good retention with people renewing even after the promo expires. So, as that happens of course it does drive ARPU up.
Mark Garrett: We’re expecting it to move up, I mean, we’re not expecting a huge ramp, but we are expecting it to a move up from here given that they are done with the perpetual and frankly there solely focused on selling subscription now.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I mean there is two big pieces really at Digital Marketing Cloud and then it’s the Creative Cloud as well as, it’s the ETLAs around Creative Cloud as well. ETLAs are build and advanced for the first year and that goes into deferred and then years two and three would show up in that unbilled backlog number that are referenced. So it’s really both businesses that are driving the deferred revenue as well as the unbilled backlog.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Shantanu said exactly what I was going to say the 75%, this is the reason we wanted to tell you the 75%, because it shows that we are pretty much through this is a very quick transition the good news is it really happened much faster in the back half of the year, then we’ve got with only 25% left to go and the business in total growing, as Shantanu said it’s not going to have a material impact next year.
Mark Garrett: For Heather, first I think it’s a good opportunity to reiterate that global agreement that we announced with Publicis Groupe. From my point of view Digital Marketing agencies have always been working with their key clients, Chief Marketing Officers, Chief Revenue Officers, Chief Digital Officers to demonstrate a digital strategy for media buying as well as a Creative strategy. I think the Creative strategy need continuous unawaited and I think all digital agencies have to continue to provide that Creative strategy and now augmented with what they’re doing on the technology side to enable people to truly understand the return of investment. And move the marketing spend from just being analog to more digital. And I think again if you saw the announcement around what Publicis announced today, Digital certainly becomes a more important part of any agency’s strategy. I think what they are also seeing honestly is that systems integrators are seeing the marketing automation is a huge untapped market and so I think they’re going to see competition as it relates to the traditional systems integrators, companies like Deloitte or PWC also enter that market. And from our point of view is a technology provider none of these relationships are competitive they’re all using our technology to go implement and automate marketing flows within all traditional industries. To give you some color, relationship with Publicis allows them to use our technology to do automated search spin or social spin or display using our technology it allows the company like Razorfish that’s part of the Publicis Groupe to go ahead and implement re-platforming associated with websites, it also allows them honestly to now with our audience manager solution have a way to segment both the online and offline customers, which is a big part of how they want to target their offering. So, we’re excited about that and where its agencies or SIs expect to see more people want to partner with Adobe.Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you.
Mark Garrett: Yes, by far we’re now predominately selling the term agreement. So the 75% that will end the year at, like I said, only reads 25% of perpetual. So it’s not going to be material shift in any given quarter moving forward now.Mark Moerdler – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Okay, thank you.
Mark Garrett: I think that the 75 continue to group up a little bit I think we will get a point where it stops frankly and we are getting close to that. It’s a little hard to say exactly where, but yes I could see it going up to 80, 20 or something like that over the course of next year. it going to depend in any given quarter on how the booking come in and who the customer are, Shantanu said certain customers want the perpetual version, but I don’t think it’s going to get the point where it moves the needle in term of our total company revenue like it has back half of this year.Robert P. Breza – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.:  Okay maybe as a quick follow, given the strong deferred revenue number that you guys did put up. I mean it’s hard to quantify certainly what growth that - part of that being more of this $60 million to a term based fees or overall strength of the demanded, just qualitative commentary would be helpful? Thanks.
Mark Garrett: Yes, that the $60 million represents multi-year contraction, so a big chunk of the – well the $60 million is the impact to this year, but the bookings that that drove will get recognized over time under a term based model and that would show up in next year’s revenue on a ratable basis, the first years would be in differed and years two and three of those booking would be in unbilled.Robert P. Breza – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.:  Great thank you very much.
Mark Garrett: Yes, so Jay, we can’t kind of get into that level of detail here, but the bottom line is like I said from a retention perspective people are renewing after the promotion along the lines of what we would had expected it’s not even better than we had expected. All I’m chatting here, one thing I try to be very clear about the impact of the Digital Marketing shift from perpetual to term. I think we laid it out at the end of my prepared remarks really well. So if you any questions please refer back to that paragraph and then we can do some more follow-up phone calls, because we try to lay it out exactly as we had in the past under the Creative transition.
Mark Garrett: Well, I think from a competitive point of view as this market continues to explode, you’re seeing everybody participating that we still think we’re the leader in the category and our solutions are most differentiated. And we continue to grow that by both expanding our footprint, so specifically as it relates to ExactTarget versus Campaign. A lot of the Campaign solutions for us right now are Greenfield opportunities as people are continuing to implement and automate their marketing processes. So we’ve been focused a lot of that.Samad Samana – Friedman, Billings, Ramsey, & Co., Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Shantanu Narayen: And Ross maybe if I were to add two other quick things when we think about excluding the PSLR bundle as well as education units, ARPU across the individual team single application as well as the complete CC in all the markets was relatively consistent in fact it increased slightly again. So we feel good about how that performance is happening. And in general you have to also go back to the Creative Suite mix that we had, single application was even in that particular business about 40%. We realize that’s an on ramp that’s accretive to overall ARR as Mark also mentioned with photography bundle. So pleased with how the quarter performed.Ross Macmillan – RBC Capital Markets:  That’s great. Maybe just one quick follow-up I know that you’re seeing better retention rates than your initial 80% assumption. Will we get to a point in the near future where we might actually talk about what sort of percentage retention you’re seeing? Thank you.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Ross, we told you approximately 80% we’re ahead of that as we talk about in our retention rate. So we think that gives you the right color to understand that the business is very healthy. I mean other way we look at it is when you think about the number of units that we’ve transacted with 2.8 million subscriptions as well as what we’re doing with the enterprise ETLA that’s already ahead of what we were doing steady state with Creative Suite. And we continue to think there is headroom both in terms of migrating existing customers as well as attracting new customers. So that should also give you a good sense of how healthy the business is.Ross Macmillan – RBC Capital Markets:  That’s helpful. Thank you very much for taking my question.
Shantanu Narayen: Brent, maybe I can jump in there I mean we had talked about getting 30% bookings which would drive 25% CAGR over three years. And as Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks we’re seeing significant strength above that particular target and maybe big picture is better to explain that. It’s really in our best interest to manage and deliver the entire customer marketing platform. And what that is resulting in is we’re seeing multi-year deployments. It’s increasing the revenue per customer, we gave you some color on what we are seeing of deals greater than 500,000 that grew over 40%. What we’re also seeing is more solutions within existing customers, which is driving stickiness. And so I think this transition to the platform the multi-solution, multi-year sale has really gone faster than expected, which hopefully is good news if you want better and more predictable revenue. And that’s why we also provided you with some way to model it with what happen with AEM and Campaign for 2014.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I mean I think when we look at what’s happening with our enterprise sales force and the sales force that is selling both the Creative Cloud as well as the Marketing Cloud into enterprises through either ETLAs, the Document Services ETLAs as well as Marketing Cloud bookings. That’s where Matt and his team are driving multiple billions of dollars in terms of what we have been able to sell. Some customer examples there include publishing, they want to single asset repository and workflow to create content once and repurpose that across web and mobile applications and video, which is fast becoming one of the key things for every publisher to do online, so publishing is a good industry. In retail, you’re seeing more and more of the innovative customers want to completely accelerate their time to market by having the design for these goods directly delivered through this workflow all the way out to manufacturing as well as for the consumer to have the ability to actually create personalized goods directly on a retail website. And video, I think when you talk about creation, delivery and add insertion. So hopefully that gives you some examples, but it’s driving more strategic relationships with customers across all of these industries.Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, thank you.
Shantanu Narayen: And Walter if you go to the website and you look at the pricing for the various offerings, I think you would recognize that the individual complete is about 49.99 and you’ve been look at the promotional pricing at about 29 and for team you know the complete pricing is 69.99 and promotional pricing could be 39 or 49. So, I think that gives you some sense of what you’re seeing in terms of as people migrate off the promotional pricing what kind of ARPUs we are getting from those customers.
Shantanu Narayen: The other thing I might add, is if you look at the traditional Q3 to Q4 transition and you go back and look at what happened last year. The two things that drive it, first is seasonal strength, the second is enterprise ETLAs, Q4 tends to be the strong quarter for that. And so you should factor that and also as you think about how we go from Q3 ARR to adding Q4 ARR.
Shantanu Narayen: So Kash there were multiple questions in that let me address sort of that question associated with the term based as well as the perpetual from an offering point of view. There is certainly still a number of customer and we think it’s a competitive advantage for us that want to have the AEM solution the experience managers as well as the campaign solution On-Premise. I mean you can think about government agencies and other agencies who want to actually managed themselves, which is why we can’t completely transition from the perpetual offering to the Managed Services, which we definitely think is the right long-term solution. If you look at the trend as Mark pointed out it’s moved from 45% to close to 75%. So I think it’s now becoming less and less and as Digital Marketing revenue grows the impact of this is certainly going to be muted. So, I think that should give you comfort as it relates to the marketing cloud, bookings and revenue on that transition.
Shantanu Narayen: With respect to a second question cash Q3 was first $500,000 subscription quarter for Creative Cloud it was a couple of half million Q3, it was a strong quarter. And so I mean as we look at what’s happening in the business we have both migrating existing customers, but we continue to add a healthy dose of new customers to the platform. So the strategy that we outline namely getting new customers to the platform as well as migrating continues with CS6 perpetual being strong in the last couple of quarters all of them represent available opportunity or headroom for us to move over to the cloud. As do some of the countries, where we outlined that the adoption has been slightly slower. So, we’re going to be focused on driving that MAX is going to be another catalyst in terms of how far to the Creative Cloud offering distances itself from the Creative Suite offering. So, we have to continue to innovate, we’re focused only on the Creative Cloud as an offering in; there is still significant headroom opportunity. 
Shantanu Narayen: Jennifer, when I think that overall the Creative Cloud offerings in the fact that the complete offering as still we think the best solution for a Creative professional, who wants to create content for multiple kinds of media. We still believe that that’s are really the right offering. Photography has always been even with the traditional Creative Suite, such a large opportunity that having the photography bundle was the right way to go target that. Part of what we are alluding to is new ARPU enhancing services that we will start to introduced and that could be to the entire Creative Cloud customer base and you will start to see some of that starting at MAX. And some of them might be even more market expansion opportunities as it relates to what consumers are trying to do and you’ve seen us introduce mobile offering. So I think for the core Creative professional, I think we have it right and I think we have to continue to innovative and migrating existing customers, but I think you’re going to start to see us implement against the things we’ve talked about the mobile SDK leading to new ARPU enhancing services for the entire base.
Shantanu Narayen: For my point of view I think Japan continues to be large untapped opportunity for Creative Cloud. It’s been a traditional strength for us with the Creative products when we had the Creative Suite offering. I think was a little bit about that geography is the large dependency on our retail in that and we had the retail product in Q2, we see early adapters and we think there is untapped opportunity associated with the Japanese market. So nothing changes our long term view and it’s not a demand issue.Mark Moerdler – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Thank you
Shantanu Narayen: Steve, the short answer is actually its both, its both and its happening both through our direct salesforce and honestly its happening through partners who are increasingly recommending us as the solution of choice as they going to all of these digital transformation products. Again, I would say till two quarters ago it was largely driven by the combination of AEM and analytics. And then the cross-sell was media optimizer and social and target. Today I would say the initial sale is much more AEM plus analytics plus Campaign because that’s being very well received. And then the upsells continue to be those other solutions. In terms of industries retail continues to be really strong, automotive is strong, financial services is doing well. Government as government does digital government we’ve had a really strong presence with AEM and analytics and government as well as document security there. So, we’re seeing trend good positive trend across every industry. There isn’t a CMO in the world that I go to who is and talking about digital transformation and trying to understand how technology helps them. So I think it’s that tremendous tailwind, Steve.Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird.: That’s really helpful. Thank you, Shantanu.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, thanks for joining us, I mean, I think as I think about all of the questions I do want to reiterate what’s traditionally being a weak quarter for Adobe Q3, we really have strong performance both with subscriber additions over $0.5 million, Digital Marketing bookings that was strong as well as Document Services revenue in Q3. And as a result we’re on track to deliver the key financial commitments that we outline for the second half of the year. On the Creative Cloud it still is how do we drive customer adoption and migration to Creative Cloud. Adobe.com has been focused on this for a couple of years and now the entire channel ecosystem as well ELTAs through the enterprise we’re focused on this. In Digital Marketing I would say awareness has being growing, we continue to drive leadership with successful product launches of our marketing products. The fact that we’re seeing this shift from perpetual to term, we view that as a real positive, because people are shining these large multiyear agreements with us. On the internal side, the innovation engine is humming. We’re delivering new value with Creative Cloud, Marketing Cloud as well as Document Services. And I think the earnings upside continues to demonstrate the leverage of our financial model. We are excited about MAX and we look forward to seeing you there. Thank you for joining us.
