Shantanu Narayen: And before we get started, I also want to apologize. We received feedback that the phone line and audio quality was poor. I do hope you all have access to the prepared remarks, which are available on Adobe.com. But in addition, absolutely feel free during the Q&A to ask us to repeat any of the data that we might have provided in the prepared remarks. Thank you.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Peter, let me get both of your questions. The first one on the ASP, I think it was relatively flat. And so that's what I would share as it related to the ASP of the subscriptions that we saw. I mean, we certainly had, as we talked about, 153 new -- net new subscriptions in the individual and team, so we are pleased with that. And Digital Marketing, what I did say on CNBC earlier today was also the fact that bookings actually grew a very healthy over 25%, so we're very pleased with the strength in the business. And the revenue grew as well, 20%. One of the things to remember in that particular business is that there still is a certain amount of business that's taken on-premise, the Adobe Experience Manager, and so there's certainly a growing of the pipeline that happens during the quarter. And then we're rebuilding that healthy pipeline. So underlying trends in both of the businesses, very strong.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Brent, as we mentioned, we have introduced the Team Edition. It's available both through Adobe.com, and so small and medium businesses and teams and marketing departments can actually transact business directly with us, as well as you are now making that available in the channel. During Q1, the majority of the net new subscriptions that we saw were actually continued to be individual, both in the commercial as well as in the education space. Adobe.com is off to a good start, and we're aggressively educating the channel partners as well as new online partners that will be effective channel for us on the team, and so we continue to expect to see acceleration in the team with channel partners Q2 through Q4.
Shantanu Narayen: I think it's fair to say that the ETLA business, the transition on the sales side to being able to sell these term desktop ETLAs is going well, Ross.
Shantanu Narayen: I would actually, Ross, look at what we are offering today, which is these ETLAs as the first phase of the enterprise offering. It enables an enterprise customer to get all the benefits of the desktop products with all of the enhancements and innovation that we add to it. What we are also seeing among enterprise customers is a desire to make sure that these desktop products continue to work with the server-based products that we have. We announced at Summit, Ross, that the next version of the Adobe Experience Manager has a digital asset management component, so that's an add-on. We also have Digital Publishing Suite, that's an add-on, and Adobe Experience Manager, that's an add-on. So I would actually say that the transition to the enterprise offering has begun, and the sales force is focused on getting enterprise customers to buy the term license.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Ross, we did see unit growth in the quarter, so I'll state that. But we'll provide updates on that. More on an annual basis, I think Mike talked about at MAX, we'll provide further color and update into the business. But I think big picture, we're on track. Subscriptions are doing well, the product offering's being well received and individual team and enterprise initial offering are all now in the market.
Shantanu Narayen: I think when we talked about our targets for the year, we said that the 1.25 million is certainly net of any attrition that we would expect. As you point out, we're coming up on the first anniversary for those who subscribed to it, and we're confident that there's a lot of innovation. But there is a retention rate that we have built in and an attrition that we have built into our targets.
Shantanu Narayen: Jennifer, I think in terms of who is signing on for our trial or a free membership, there are really 2 kinds of folks who are signing up: the first is people who want to try out our products. Trials have always been a good way for people to try out the products before buying. And so as we move from the trial downloads that Adobe has had historically to this free and trial members, that's certainly one of the ways in which we are signing up new members. But also it's important to remember that some of the free members are members who are participating in a collaborative workflow with other Creative professionals rather than all of them necessarily being potential customers for the entire offering. We have our conversion rates. Every Monday morning, we look at what's happening with respect to people moving through the funnel. But we're not going to give you numbers on a quarterly basis in terms of that conversion. I think it just shows a healthy pipeline of people that we are going after in order to convert them to paying customers.
Shantanu Narayen: There'll always be a lag, Jennifer, between the bookings and the revenue. The way we charge our customers is after they make a contract with us, we have to get their servers up and running. And until they start to run transactions through our servers, they will not be participating. So I think there's always going to be a lag between the bookings and the revenue. But certainly, we've said that we expect to see 20% revenue growth, given how large we believe the market is.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Steve. Yes. I mean, Kevin has made significant contributions during his time at Adobe, and I am really grateful for that. He's decided it's time for a new adventure. And he's off on that and we're on our adventure and momentum in our business continues. So I wish him well, but yes, that is confirmed.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Steve. At this point, we have no plans to backfill the CTO position. As you know, Bryan Lamkin rejoined the company and so Bryan is taking on all of the responsibility for both the long-range advanced technology that we are doing within the company, as well as the cross business unit product integration.
Shantanu Narayen: I think in terms of the 2 macro trends that we continue to look at, Steve, is certainly, the amount of data that's being created and the amount of video that's being created, mobile applications, digital publications just continues to go up and to the right. And then marketing, there is more and more of that spend that's moving digital. So I think both macro trends are positive. I don't track myself the hiring among our customers, but I think as Mark said, the stability that we saw in all geographies seems to suggest that the economy is doing well.
Shantanu Narayen: Mark, I think the strength in the Creative business was across-the-board. You are right in pointing out that both reported revenue as well as subscriptions was strong. And I think it just reflects the underlying strength of that business.
Shantanu Narayen: We do measure that. I think the fundamental trends in the subscription business have always been that the entire Creative Cloud is the majority of the subscriptions that we have. And within that, an annual commitment is the majority. So that really hasn't changed. And I think some of those numbers are actually numbers that are in the prepared remarks. And so that part may have been unclear, but it's available for you, Mark, on our website.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I think there are folks who use it as an on-ramp and that's been successful. I think the vast majority of people are already signing up for the annual subscription and the entire subscription, which I think just reflects the value that's available in the entire Creative Cloud offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Jay. So first the question on Digital Marketing. At Summit, as you know, we announced these 5 solutions: Analytics, Target, Social, Media Optimizer and Experience Manager. And we took the approximately 30 products that we had and we've integrated them a lot better as well as provided them in terms of simplified pricing and on-ramp for customer. As part of that, one of the things we do offer the larger enterprise customers is because they have now subscribed to the Creative Cloud as part of the overall transactions that they are committing to do with the company, they can certainly try out some solutions that they haven't already explicitly purchased. So I think this does allow "try before you buy" of some of our new solutions with customers as long as they have the appropriate capacity to do that within their annual cycle. So I think it actually does help. We don't offer a rental per se, but this is the goal in order to make a simple on-ramp definitely is available. And your question on Digital Media, I think it's becoming increasingly clear, frankly, to our customers that the pace of innovation on the Creative Cloud is just going to get faster and faster. And so that's really our focus in demonstrating the value proposition of that. And people who are on the perpetual product are going to fall further and further behind on the innovation. So I think we are more focused right now on innovation, and we will continue to explore pricing across both those.
Shantanu Narayen: And to answer your first question, Jay, I think virtually every Chief Revenue Officer or Chief Marketing Officer, as they think about the various channels through which they communicate with their customers, application stores and online web properties are now part of the same story. And so if you're an automotive manufacturer that wants to create, in fact, a website and wants to create a manual digitally, you want to have a similar workflow to do that. One is executed through DPS, one is executed through the Adobe Experience Manager. If you're a media company, you're certainly going to make sure that what you provide on your web is consistent with the way in which you provide your digital publications. We are now up to something like 250,000 digital publications that are delivered, editions everyday through the iStore. So we're continuing to see progress in DPS, not just with digital magazines, but also with training material and manuals, collateral, catalogs and retail information that's going out there. So there is really a lot of synergy between going into a large customer, communicating that we have the desktop applications to allow them to create the video they want, the mobile applications they want, as well as the web content and to have both of our service solutions work seamlessly with that.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. So Brad, we did see unit growth in the quarter, which again we said last year that we grew units approximately 13% for last year, so while we are not providing a specific number, I can confirm that we are actually growing units. We're seeing certainly a new customer base that's coming on, a customer base that's never done business with Adobe. And whether it's as a result of they are the next generation of Creative or the affordable pricing, we're attracting customers. And we are seeing more and more people on prior versions as we provide affordable on-ramp for them also moving. I would say the majority of the subscriptions today is still individual, as I mentioned, in both commercial and freelancers in commercial and education. And I think the focus in the remaining quarters is going to be on team. And in the enterprise space, we are seeing -- Matt and the sales force are seeing good adoption of the enterprise term license agreements as well.
Shantanu Narayen: Mike, we didn't provide a specific date as it relates to channel partners. We said the focus has really continued to be on team right now and making sure we educate them, have the right incentives for them to renew the existing installed base. And we'll provide further updates on all of that stuff at MAX.
Shantanu Narayen: So again, I think it's important to remember that the units that we described will be units for individual and team. The ARR number that we communicate will be ARR associated with enterprise units that we have. And so the way we're going to continue to report it is we will certainly report individual and team, and we will report total ARR, which includes enterprise units.
Shantanu Narayen: Again, I think we've said this is the heart of the transition this year, so the numbers that we expect our baked into our targets.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we feel terrific about our portfolio, and I think you're seeing that relative to the success that we are having. We're the leaders in analytics, which I think is the core of providing insights to our customers. We're the leader in the technology space as it relates to re-platforming of the websites with our Experience Manager solution, which is certainly a worldwide phenomena that you're seeing. Everybody's gearing up for mobile and tablets. And so we feel very good about the product portfolio that we have. And the affinity that we have with marketers as a result of the brand and heritage that we've had with these customers is absolutely unparalleled. So others are going to take different approaches of going into IT. We are focused on CMOs. We've said that, that is the big growth opportunity for us. We're the big data company for marketers. And we continue to intend to innovate in that space.
Shantanu Narayen: We have some great partnerships in that space right now, so we have a joint solution with customers in that space. I think eCommerce is an important component. But the beauty of the Marketing Cloud that we have right now is that there are so many adjacencies, and continuing to partner with them actually just continues to lift our ecosystem. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that there were a number of these partners all presenting at our Summit, so whether it's email partners like ExactTarget or eCommerce, as you asked, like hybris. We have some great partnerships that are in there, Silverpop, Responses, Deloitte Digital. So I think the partnership strategy is actually very sound, and we continue to partner with a lot of these folks to build a complete solution.  Well, thank you again for joining us. I think if you think about the Q1 results, it clearly demonstrates the strong momentum and, frankly, excellent execution that we're -- against our stated growth objectives. We're pleased with the subscriber growth that we are seeing and we're seeing traction in both the team as well as the enterprise offerings, which are relatively new. And there is an exciting product roadmap as we continue to reimagine the Creative process. And in Digital Marketing, I think it's clear that it's acknowledged to be an explosive new enterprise category, also based on some of the questions that you've asked. In our DNA, it's clear we're about creativity and marketers have a very strong affinity to our brand, and the business is doing really well. And our differentiation, frankly, is closing that loop, the last millisecond of content delivery, which is integrating our content offering and content delivery platforms, we believe, will continue to be a unique advantage for us. So we're driving innovation, serving our customers well and building, as Mark said earlier, a really meaningful recurring revenue stream. We hope to see all of you at MAX, and thank you for joining us today.
Mark S. Garrett: Peter, it's Mark. The bookings number that we're talking about is just annual contract value, so it's just the first year's worth of any agreement with the customer.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, Brent. Europe did well for us frankly. It's a little different looking at the mix, especially as it relates to Creative because as we move to subscriptions more and more, obviously, that has an impact on reported revenue until we get through the transition. But we did not see any unusual problems in Europe. Europe is definitely stabilized and is performing well, and the business looks good going forward.
Mark S. Garrett: Well, so I'll tell you how you could go do it. You could take the number of subscribers times that average revenue per user per month, which has been, as Shantanu just said, relatively consistent, times 12, and that will give you an ARR number. The difference between that ARR number and the ARR number that we reported for total Creative is basically going to be the ETLA component.
Mark S. Garrett: Ken, yes, it's Mark. As we pointed out in the prepared remarks, the ramp just accelerates as we go through the year, so the net additions each quarter gets larger. Each sequential quarter as we go through the year, it gets us to that 1.25 million. Some of that's just going to be more and more awareness of the offering. Some of that's going to be the viral nature of the offering. Some of that's going to be the constant innovation that we put out in the offering, as people see more and more go to the cloud. And the customer feedback is really what gets us confident in reaching that 1.25 million.
Mark S. Garrett: Yes, sure. So Jay, as you pointed out, we are moving away from shrink-wrapped, boxed product. We will have some savings from that, in the fact that we don't have to manufacture and ship that boxed product anymore. That's factored into the guidance. I mean, it didn't really drive that $1.45. The $1.45 is really driven through the R&D tax credit, and more so than anything else, the beat that we had in Q1. The savings on the packaged products does, to some extent, get offset by the fact that we have storage costs and things like that through the Creative Cloud offering. But there are savings there.
Mark S. Garrett: So Brad, I'm not going to get into kind of long-term margin profile right now. Obviously, margins will go up from this year into next year. We said that revenue grows, margins grow, earnings grow. We are focused more on driving earnings at least as fast as revenue growth. And while clearly, margins will improve from here, it's going to depend a lot on where they go relative to the mix, not only of just what happens in the Creative product as it relates to subscriptions, but also the total mix between Creative and Digital Marketing as Digital Marketing will never be at the margin profile that our old business was. So again, we're focused on revenue growth and earnings growth, and margins will improve from here. I'm just not at a point where I want to give you a long-term target.
Mark S. Garrett: Sonya, this is Mark. Well, we obviously guided to 1.25 million subscribers this year. We guided to 4 million subscribers by the end of 2015. And obviously, the majority of the subscribers are going to be people moving over from perpetual to subscription. We are going to attract new users but the majority of the subscriber base is going to come from existing customers.
