Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Thanks, Brad, first, on your comment on the quarter. We were certainly pleased with what we accomplished in Q4. With respect to joint deals that we are seeing that's primarily with the ETLAs as well as the Digital Marketing bookings that we are seeing, and it actually is across most segments, Brad. In the publishing space for sure, people are using our digital creation tools as well as our infrastructure tools. We're seeing a fair amount in retail as people are trying to create campaigns. We've talked about companies like Under Armour who are using all of our products. We're seeing that in video, as people are using both Primetime, as well as Creative Cloud, Premiere, as well as our digital marketing products like Primetime. And so I think across the board, while we might lead with CC ETLA and then go in with Digital Marketing or might go in with Digital Marketing and then come back to a CC ETLA. And at the end of the day, I mean, more marketing is moving online. And I think our sales force goes in with a one Adobe [ph] story. Clearly, DPS is another area where we're seeing synergy between the 2 businesses, and now what we have with PhoneGap Enterprise. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, 2 thoughts there, Brad. The first is, while we don't do the surveys every quarter, certainly given the strength that we saw in Q4, we are confident that we are continuing to attract new customers to the platform. What was really nice about Q4 was we actually saw strength across every single offering in all the geographies. You correctly point out that we are still focused primarily on developed markets and we continue to think that emerging markets is an opportunity over time with differential pricing and products. But at this point, I would say, we are still just combating casual piracy in developed markets and really attracting new customers. One thing I will mention also is that one of the offerings that we added in Q4 was the team offering on Adobe.com did not have the Single App option. And so allowing that just enables teams to be more collaborative, and so team had a good showing in Q4 as well. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Brent, I mean the big picture is that with Creative Cloud continuing to become the preeminent destination for creatives, all our surveys show that our customers of our creative tools are the primary purchasers of stock content, creative assets that exist. I would look at Fotolia today and really their presence is more in Europe. In the U.S., they have attempted to come in with an offering that is aimed at beyond the creative professionals. The sweet spot for us is with the creative professional community, we think all the millions of creative professionals will be people who will acquire these products. And I think the offerings will look like an on-demand offering where people who have need for a specific content can go online and find and search it. We will have subscription offerings which exist as a standalone service, which allow people to just subscribe and get a certain number of stock content on the frequency that they want. And as you can imagine, once we are closed, I think we have opportunities to also offer our desktop products in conjunction with the subscription offering of our stock content. So I think we see a lot of options. And what that should result in is, first, more stickiness with our creative community because they have a one-stop shop for talent search, buying stock as well as the creative tools. And that should hopefully result in increased revenue and increased ARPU. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, we didn't update this time, Brent, the number of large deals, million-dollar deals. I know we've updated that in the past. But when you drive record bookings, you're certainly driving it at a more strategic level with adoption of multiple solutions. We highlighted Campaign because we've always believed that campaign orchestration was important. We are winning a number of deals of what was traditionally e-mail service provider accounts with Campaign, so I wanted to make sure that we highlighted that in the quarter. But it's a spectrum. I mean, we have really large deals that we are seeing from customers at the CMO, CEO level. 
Shantanu Narayen: And also, overall, we are convinced that it is increasing the total available market, and we continue to see, as people adopt the individual app and they get familiar with our products, it represents an opportunity for them to migrate up to Creative Cloud Complete. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, what we said, I think, in the prepared remarks was that retention continues to be ahead of our internal expectations. And while we continue to have pricing that's promotional in nature to get customers to migrate from CS to Creative Cloud when they, then, continue to stay on the platform, they are actually -- the retention is at the higher price points. So we're happy about that. We have become really good by using our own digital marketing products, Walter, in terms of the pipeline. So while I have numbers, everything, from new trial users, how many are overlapping with Behance, how we are seeing them going through the funnel in terms of usage. It was such a strong quarter across all elements: new customer acquisitions, upgrades, retention and team. We were really pleased. And I think, if we take a step back, it just reflects. First, we're continuing to deliver significant product value for the customers. They're seeing that innovation, things like Touch that we delivered in the quarter; second, the sole focus on all routes-to-market on the Creative Cloud is certainly helping. There isn't perpetual anymore in the channel. And I think, third is we're just getting better at dealing with this consumer marketing funnel in the business unit. 
Shantanu Narayen: It's across the board, honestly. I mean, we're seeing new logos coming into the platform. I think we highlighted some of the key customers. But without a doubt, within existing customers as well. If they were an analytics customer, they are continuously looking at the Experience Manager. If they're using both of those. Campaign, which was such a strong showing in the quarter, is certainly seeing more adoption within Analytics and Experience Manager. And I think what we said at our prior call is we're seeing something like 74% growth in customers with 3-plus solution products. This was the data that we had provided at MAX. So I mean, that continues to be the case, and we're seeing the ARR of customers with 3-plus solution products in the millions. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, first, for the sports fans on the call. Baseball, having 9 innings, we certainly believe that we're definitely in the second innings of a 9-inning game rather than a 2-inning game, Kash. So we continue to think there's significant upside. I think we provided the numbers on the number of Creative Suite perpetual products and licenses that we've delivered. As you can see from our numbers, there's significant headroom. I think you are continuing to see, as we have said, new customers being attracted to the platform. And if I take a step back, we're actually executing against everything we laid out 3 or 4 years ago. We're continuing to migrate customers and demonstrate value and drive customer satisfaction to be higher. We are adding new customers, the Individual apps are certainly attracting new customers to the platform. And the ARPU-enhancing services, things like Fotolia, I think, we're really excited about how that also, not only keeps the current customers on the Creative Cloud, but that it also brings people who may be laggards onto the Creative Cloud, because it just demonstrates more value that we're going to be providing. So I think Mark's numbers reflect why we continue to be really enthusiastic about this business in '15 and beyond. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Kash, we did surveys of our creative professionals. And I would say, the vast majority of creative professionals that exist globally are customers of stock content. So I first want to -- in terms of the available market opportunity, it's important to remember that we believe that every single creative professional is a customer of Fotolia. The other thing we actually find is that a number of marketers are the people who actually buy this stock content to use in campaigns or put on websites. So the customer base for Fotolia actually extends beyond the creative professional as well as the marketer to, also, consumer hobbyists. As we look at the numbers right now, and it's really early with Fotolia, we certainly think that getting access to Fotolia content to every one of our creative professionals is the opportunity that we have. There's a high overlap, clearly, of the Fotolia customers who are already Creative Suite or Creative Cloud customers, but we can package it and provide a lot more value as we move down this path. 
Shantanu Narayen: Again, we'll go back and look at those numbers, Ross. I think, from a revenue point of view versus units point of view, there's a difference, clearly. And revenue was more towards Suites than it was towards Point products. But we'll get back to you on that one. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Well, just to clarify, the promotional pricing tends to be more on the CC Complete than it is the CC Photography. So the CC Photography, the pricing is now the permanent pricing. And what we were trying to do it was reflect that long-term customers of CS, if they had just bought CS6, they were entitled to promotional pricing for a year. And yes, I was saying that as they, then, retain or renew after a year, they are renewing. And I think the big reason for the renewal is they're seeing the amount of innovation that we're delivering. I mean, we've delivered over 1,000 features; we now have mobile apps that we've delivered, they're looking at the services like share and sync, what we're delivering with points. So again, continues to be incumbent on us to demonstrate the value of our Cloud Service by constantly providing new value to them. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think at the end of the day, Brendan, when people are re-platforming their website, commerce is definitely one of the key reasons why they're doing that. We have partnerships with virtually all of the key commerce providers, including hybris, that's available through SAP. And so I think what we find is, whether it's an Adobe installation or whether it's one of the numerous partners that we have that's built digital transformation practices on our solution. They have all the tools that are required to take Adobe Experience Manager and tie into whatever commerce engine exists. So we view that as a partnership opportunity. 
Shantanu Narayen: No, we don't. I think the big thing that CMOs, really, are focused on is how do they deliver really great, rich, interactive experience on mobile devices and tablets. And I think every report that you read out there demonstrates that we have the best technology in that space. 
Shantanu Narayen: The 2 things you might think of in that particular space, the first is education. And when there's an education season, there's a high potential for a lot more edu [ph] units during that season. The second thing I would say is that as we are seeing former Premiere Elements or Photoshop Elements customers think about what a holiday purchase might be, the Creative Cloud Photography bundle is certainly, hopefully, high on their list of things that they want to get their kids and family. And so I would say, you'll see that a little bit of seasonally in the holiday season. 
Shantanu Narayen: So Steve, when you think about enterprise agreements in the ETLAs for the Creative business or the Acrobat business, they tend to be 3-year agreements. The vast majority tends to be 3-year agreements. And so they're not up for renewal, really, yet. Clearly, in the Digital Marketing business, we have renewals happening all the time. And that continues to perform well. In fact, I would say that the organization has done a really good job this year of making sure that we drive new bookings growth over and above renewals at the existing level. So I think the team has done a good job there. And with respect to color, overall, in that business, the enterprise business did really well in Q4. And I think that's why you see the strength. It's become a traditional Q4 seasonally strong quarter, and I think that's just true of all enterprise companies. Europe did well. North America did well. Australia continues to be a strong performance for us as well, from a geo perspective. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think that our mobile apps, Steve, we certainly believe that everybody is -- want to be creative. And our job is to continue to make the power of our creative tools available to everybody. So as our mobile apps, we've seen millions of downloads of the mobile apps that we deployed at MAX. I think we definitely have opportunities to provide a different kind of a subscription service for the vast non-photographer, creative community. But at this point, we're still pretty ruthlessly focused on the creative and the photography segments, because those are the largest and those are the ones that are really where we need to focus. 
Shantanu Narayen: Hey, Walter, I just wanted to go back to your question as well because I just looked at the data. And what we said was right. The unit mix in the historical perpetual business was 50-50, which was inclusive of commercial enterprise, education, upgrades, et cetera. And as I mentioned, the revenue mix was closer to 70-30. And I think the data that we presented in May 2013 was showing the installed base and not the annual unit mix of perpetual users and point product users. And so if customers in multiple point products, and as they migrate to suites, we de-duped [ph] and normalized that for -- in our installed base data. So hopefully, that provides that -- or Ross. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think it's fairly consistent across all geographies. I won't point to any real difference in adoption right now between geographies. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think the first thing that we hopefully have is affinity with our customers, and the brand that Adobe has in the U.S. market continues to be strong. I think they have a really good technology. And that, coupled with our brand and our ability to deliver that to our customers, we're confident. The surveys that we've done, again, as we said earlier, was that the creative professionals continue to look for stock photography as a mechanism to start a particular creation. And over time, we can also provide value-adds by helping integrate that within our products as well. 
Shantanu Narayen: So Jay, first, with respect to the announcements that we made about the Marketing Cloud, and as you pointed out, for services, clearly, we're hearing from our customers, as they adopt multiple solutions, that they want to continue to see things work more consistently across our solutions and the value-add that we can provide. So for example, the product that we have, Adobe AudienceManager, that's perceived to be a really key enabling glue between all of our products in order to enable people to use the same segmentation of users across media optimization or across targeting or across analytics. That's a great example of a core service. The visualization, the ability to, again, run a campaign across all of these different products is another one of the core service that, I think, the team continues to perform. And we've also always talked about the fact that we have all of these data transactions and the ability to derive insight from what's happening on those for our customers continues to be an area of value add. And in SaaS-based businesses, unlike the perpetual product, we're constantly delivering that value add to our customers right through the year. So yes, in 2015, we will continue to deliver more core services, and I would highlight AudienceManager as one of the key areas. The other one, I think, we've talked about also is media mix. All CMOs are trying to understand how they do media mix across each of their different channels. And I think that's another area that we have some unique technology. With respect to the Creative Cloud and the creative business, we're excited about Fotolia. I think it represents a great opportunity in the sharing economy. And the entire community can now participate, whether it's finding talent or whether it's being able to acquire stock. And so yes, expect to continue to see new services that are being added, and Talent Search and Fotolia are just the 2 most recent ones. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, in terms of the sizing of the market, I think we definitely view it as a multibillion-dollar market. You're right, in that the other players in that space are growing very rapidly. We're not providing historical information on Fotolia today. But we certainly have high aspirations for the growth in that market for Adobe as well as for the entire market. 
Shantanu Narayen: I think it's all a little early. We haven't even closed the deal. We just announced the definitive. And I think, as the business gets integrated into Adobe, we'll definitely, as we do with all of our other businesses, provide more color. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, first, thanks on your comments on the quarter. I think, with respect to Digital Marketing, there's no question that everybody views this as the most explosive enterprise category that exists. I think our unique differentiation continues to be the fact that we've targeted marketers. And when we talk about the fact that it's becoming the real-time enterprise, I think the tentacles of the Marketing Cloud are certainly spreading into the rest of the organization and needs to be integrated with that. I think in that context, we continue to see real great traction for our particular solutions. But the standard players, whether it's Oracle or IBM or Salesforce. I think they also see the opportunities that exist. We continue to do really well against each one of those competitors in the marketplace. Given that's the last question, I just wanted to say that I'm really proud of what Adobe and our employees accomplished in both Q4 as well as FY '14. We really continue to focus on delivering value and innovating in these large, growing markets where we both have a license to play as well as, we believe, we have tremendous customer affinity and a strong brand. We executed against our goals of adding ARR, migrating existing CS customers as well as attracting new customers. And we continue to be really excited about the opportunity that we see ahead of us in Digital Marketing. More importantly, with initiatives that we just announced delivering our Marketplace, integrating our Marketing Solutions and reimagining our Document Services, we believe we are positioning the company for even better things in the future. So thank you for joining us today, and happy holidays. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, I think the most important thing to remember is that this is right on strategy. The idea of selling more single apps, especially as it relates to driving a higher market opportunity and attracting new users, and that's working really, really well. So what you see in subs, what you see in ARR is a result of driving new users to the platform, which we would not have been able to do without these single apps. The mix was really just to show you that what's happening is not terribly different from what you saw under the suite model with the Perpetual offering. We're not saying that it's ultimately going to settle in at 50-50, but it's certainly going that direction. And you can see that in the mix this quarter. If you do the math on the mix this quarter, you'll see that it's roughly 50-50 in terms of the net new adds this quarter. So we had really good uptick in the full units this quarter, but we also had a nice increase in the single app. And that's right on strategy. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, I don't you should think about it as ETLA growing slower. I think you should think about 2 things, Mark. One is the $1 billion increase reflects new FX rates, right? So there is a fairly significant, as you know, from every company, change in FX, and that has a chunk of it in there. Plus, as we were just talking about with Walter's question, we are seeing more single app to acquire new customers and expand the market. And I think it's primarily those 2 things. I don't think you should read anything into that in respect of anything slowing down. 
Mark Garrett: Hey, Ross. It's Mark. Yes. I mean, I think the bottom line is we really felt it was important to drive earnings leverage back into the model as revenue starts to come back, since we're through this transition now. And that's what you're seeing both in FY '14 and especially in FY '15 as we move from $1.29 to $2.05 and then, to over $3. So earning starts to come back into the model in a big way. OpEx will increase, probably a little bit more than what you've seen recently, and that's obvious for you guys to figure out as you do your revenue model and figure out what the OpEx is that'll drive that EPS. So the short answer is we've done a great job this year of containing costs and still hitting all of our targets. As we build out more and more of an enterprise sales force, you're going to see us invest more and more in sales and marketing. But it's all embedded in that $2.05 and over $3 in '16. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, you're right. It isn't going to be a little bit more back-end loaded. You also have seasonality going from Q4 to Q1, as I said, in Digital Marketing. So you're going to have a lower Q1 than you did in Q4 but up year-over-year. But you're right. It's going to be a little bit more back-end loaded because of that mix shift that you saw from '14. 
Mark Garrett: I don't think you should think about ARPU as seasonal. It's really driven by that blended rate, which I would encourage you guys not to focus on. It's really driven by mix. Like we said, ARPU across each offering through the year has either been consistent or, frankly, up throughout the entire year. 
Mark Garrett: Well, again, we pointed out that 50-50 mix because we want you to understand that there's a good chance that single app will just keep growing and may grow faster than full for the reasons we mentioned, and it does expand the market opportunity for us. So we view that as strategic and very positive. I don't think you should expect that ARPU number. Even though, again, I encourage you not to look at a blended ARPU number, I don't think you should expect that blended ARPU number to go up soon. We also have, down the road, other opportunities like Fotolia to help bring ARPU up. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, I was just going to say that. We don't assume acquisitions in our guidance. The growth really comes from the fact that, obviously, you're bringing more and more revenue in from bookings, and you also don't have the big shift from perpetual to hosted like we had in '14. The shift is, for the most part, going to stabilize now. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, yes. Shantanu talked about a release in the first half of the year. And the only reason I'd say it's up slightly, Jay, is because we are driving more and more towards ETLAs in the enterprise. And you'll -- you're seeing that in the ARR. 
