Shantanu Narayen: John has played a critical role in Adobe's strong performance for which I am deeply grateful. John and the entire finance and operations organization have helped drive top and bottom line growth with a relentless focus on shareholder value. In addition to his accomplishments as CFO, John embodies Adobe's values, always operating with the highest integrity and ethical standards. John will work with me to ensure a smooth transition and I'm happy that John will be able to focus on his family and philanthropic pursuits and wish him all the best. Adobe's global brand, unparalleled innovation, broad spectrum of customers and partners, and dedicated employees provide an unmatched competitive advantage. I remain bullish that technology will continue to transform work, learn and play, resulting in a brighter future for all of us. I will now turn the call over to the operator to take your questions.
Shantanu Narayen: Happy to do that, Kash, and it's good to have you back on our calls now at Goldman. So first, let me just say that, when you think about content and design, there is no question that it's fueling the global economy and the way we segment our business as we think about what we are doing for Creative pros, what we are doing for communicators, and what we are doing for consumers.  And first to, I think, just share some numbers associated with that, I think we've said there are 49 million Creative professionals who use our products to make a living. There are 700 million communicators, and approximately 4 billion consumers. And so when you think about the TAM, whether that's $20 billion for the Creative pros, $15 billion for communicators, or $6 billion for consumers in 2023, I mean, that represents a $41 billion addressable market opportunity given the importance of design. So it's a massive opportunity. What gives us confidence? I think when we think about strategically what we are trying to do, certainly, the first thing we're trying to do is advance every Creative category. And I'll just give you one example, Kash. I mean, what's happening with immersive media and when you think about 3D to 2D and being able to do all these virtual shoots as the amount of content, that's an emerging business. I had a really great quarter that continues on what we had said about video being one of the growth initiatives for us. So, I think the new media types and advancing it is certainly critical. I think multi-surface systems, what we can do associated with making sure mobile, mobile has been a really good growth opportunity for us. And the way we look at that, it's both as a result of the funnel that it provides for both mobile and desktop, but also as part of a system, so people can create whenever they want. So even if they are going to be out in summer, as you say, they'll have access to all of our Creative tools wherever they go. The third one I would say is what we are doing with collaboration and the team and everything associated with allowing people to collaborate. Services, I mean, Stock had another great quarter. We grew that business approximately 30% year-over-year, and the notion of just continuing to make sure that we do creativity for all, I think, the world is going to be in a place where Creative expression is going to dominate everything associated with education and productivity. So all of that gives us really high confidence associated with the opportunity and our execution. And then, if you think about it for Q1, really just quickly, I mean, Q1 was a record quarter. We continued to see really great demand on the web associated with what's happening, and the absolute ARR was strong again. And this is, as you point out, despite the recovery being complete. And so we just feel like we're in an absolutely sweet spot as it relates to what people want to do with our tools and services.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, first, I think as it relates to the SMB segment, as we mentioned, both in the Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and to your question specifically around Experience Cloud, we did see continued momentum and growth. So I still think that when you think about what's happening in the world, it's still not fully back, right, to normal and we're still in a sort of a pandemic situation. So I clearly think there's upside. And every day you have good news in certain geographies and unfortunately not so good news. And so that only augurs well for us as we look at our business moving forward. But if I take a big picture view associated with Experience Cloud, which was the second part of your question, digital transformation, just talking to all the CEOs that I'm talking to, those who've already invested in digital are absolutely doubling down because they recognize that this is the way to further differentiate. And those who are not are clearly investing in the people, technology and processes to be in this market, whether it's transformational accounts at the enterprise level that Anil talked about at the Financial Analyst Meeting or whether it's at the small and medium business, your question associated with what we are able to do to enable them to have a digital storefront, which is an absolute necessity for doing business today. There's a lot of interest and demand in both of those. I know a lot of you, as I read your reports, the checks that you're doing, you're hearing the interest in our solutions and the talk from both the customers and the partners is high. And so we are going to see more demand for this. We had a good quarter. If you look at how we are targeting DX, we clearly expect acceleration of revenue without -- with and without Workfront, Q3 over Q2 and Q4 over Q3. So we're really excited and I think we're in the sweet spot on all three of our growth areas.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Mark, I'll let John speak to his decision after this as well. But I think the decision to be made associated with reducing our focus on the transaction-based advertising revenue, if you look at everything that's happening associated with that business, there are other companies in that space. I think that was a good way to do it, what we've done with the Experience platform. And with Anil coming in, taking a soup to nuts approach associated with that entire P&L and the business opportunity, he's been able to align and simplify and improve it. And so, I mean, you don't accomplish the kinds of margins that we accomplished in the year without a focus across all of our businesses. And so we have an incredibly good leverage model, but there's more. I mean, Digital Experience is still in that area where we're growing revenue, I mean 20% is what we've targeted for the entire year. We had 27% of subscription revenue in Q1. And so it really is one of those areas that's a growth opportunity and you will see that translate into the bottom line over time. But, John, maybe I'll have you also add to that.
Shantanu Narayen: Brent, we have seen some -- quite a bit of success. I think we have some really blue chip customers that we talked about -- the conversations that I'm having with each of these customers. And people talk about Customer 360. We're the only major company that has anything out there of this scale to be able to do real-time personalization at scale. We have billions of profiles that are already going through this. Absolutely blue chip customers, whether it's financial services, whether it's in other online like retail -- what we are doing with telecommunications. And so not only do we have that, but it has really served as a basis for what we've done with the customer journey analytics. So, if you take a step back and the big areas that we talked about content, commerce, data insights and audiences, which is such a key part -- I think that becomes even more important with what's happening in the spooky world so that you can have access to all your first party data and profiles. So, I think the decision to invest in that was right. The success that we're seeing in the marketplace and the leadership, I think, positions us incredibly well, Brent. And you'll hear a lot more about that at Summit, certainly. I think the Workfront acquisition also has had the unique opportunity to be able to add to what we have in terms of our solutions and get workflow also and attribution associated with it. So I feel really good. But I feel really good about the infrastructure with CDP. And we focus a lot more on the real-time nature of what we can do with personalization as the key differentiation. But some great customer wins.
Shantanu Narayen: Hey Brent, you followed us for a significant amount of time. We don't bank on anything dramatically changing. We look at the demand that we have and current trends. We're not macroeconomic experts. And so as the recovery happens more, but we're not banking on it. Just to be clear.
Shantanu Narayen: I think so. I mean the world has done a pretty amazing job of pivoting to working at home and being able to do as much as you can. And I've talked about the fact that being able to visit with customers all across the globe without travel is in many ways a real ability to scale. But I also am one who believes that being in front of the customers and getting the partners that we have together and accelerating the rollout and sharing best practices and that social part is only going to help. I don't think the world is going back to everybody being in the office, but I do believe that it will be an accelerant. Because people's desire to also invest more as the economic situation improves can only be another tailwind for us. And so we've done a pretty incredible job. I mean when you look at our numbers. But there's no question in my mind. I mean if we can go travel and if we can meet with those customers and do it, there's only upside associated with that.
Shantanu Narayen: What we notice that we can do as well as -- sorry, both in terms of what we can do as well as their own confidence, right, in continuing to expand their investments.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Saket, I mean, maybe I'll speak to that and I'll also give you my color on sort of what happened with ARR. But first as it relates to how we're expanding both the user base and acquisitions, I mean, the net new ARR, when you look at it, it's primarily all new net new ARR in terms of customer acquisition. And whether it's the mobile-only applications that we are providing, whether it's the web-based ability to do things in the browser, whether it's collaboration, that's certainly the way in which we are expanding our offering. And frankly, the way we do it is that anybody who uses one of our on-ramp products whether it's an individual category apps that is then using the entire CC all apps or whether it's the consumer app where they start to get exposed to things like maybe layers in Photoshop or a timeline in Premiere Rush, they have the ability to then be upsold as well as to become more productive by going to Premiere or Photoshop. So it's very much been a part of our strategy all along, which is how do you attract customers to the platform and how do you think about then making sure that as they grow in their Creative endeavors that we have the right on-ramp whether it's an offer that we provide at the right time, whether it's engagement that we do with Adobe CreativeLive. I mean, CreativeLive has really become in that community of Behance a great way for people to continue to grow and learn. And I think there are a whole cottage industry also of people who've done training and learning and education on Creative products. So that's the strategy, which is meet the customer where they are whether it's on a surface or whether it's a degree of specialization, and then make sure that as they expand their Creative pursuits that we're the right product for that. And so if you think about it, I mean, digital media ARR, what really happens is it's not -- while revenue may be more representative of the number of weeks in a quarter, and so if you take the 14 weeks over 13 weeks, you can argue that it was probably eight points of revenue that was extra as a result of the 14 week. But ARR is not as cyclical because ARR when you have an enterprise part of the business, it's probably going to be back-end loaded by most enterprise much like enterprise. So that's why we look at the Q1 ARR, which was a record for Creative, as a really solid performance. So, hopefully that gives you a flavor. Revenue for Creative is little bit more dependent on the number of weeks, but ARR is sort of you have these things that we do, which are cyclical, and that drives the strong growth that we saw across both Creative and Documents.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think the confidence comes from first, the performance in Q1. As we said, we had 27% subscription revenue growth. I think the confidence comes from the conversations that we're all having with companies all across the globe, from the pipeline that we have, from what we know in terms of Summit. And again, as in their response to the previous question that was asked, this is not banking on any macroeconomic environment changes for the rest of the year. So it's based on what we know today and the interest. Commerce is an area that is seeing a fair amount of interest, the real-time customer data platform. The experience platform is seeing a significant amount of interest. Workfront, as we said, and John mentioned that it's not the deferred revenue. It's the performance as well that's driving the upside in that particular business. Customer journey analytics and being able to address this in a multichannel, that's seeing a lot of interest. I think you're going to see some new products also in terms of how we evolve our campaign product and analytics product to be more business performance related. And frankly, to a large extent, Ken, all of this is also predicated on how we run our business, right? And our DDOM and understanding what it takes to run an online business, and we're world class at that, and we're building products for ourselves. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that it will help every other customer out there.
Shantanu Narayen: I think our key differentiating there, Sterling, is the fact that PDF as a format continues to be the format the people are using for automating these workflows. I think the fact that we have Adobe Reader, which is the operating environment in which all of the workflows are happening, I think we've done a better job with awareness, frankly, of what we have and that, hopefully, some of you have seen the incredibly new Creative campaigns that we're running associated with that. We're actually getting a fair amount of wins from other competitive products that people might have been using in terms of moving over to Adobe. The partnerships that we have with Microsoft and ServiceNow in terms of being embedded, whether it's in SharePoint or Outlook or partnering with ServiceNow. So, I think we're executing on the product side. I think we have some key differentiation, and this is not a zero-sum game. It's such a large opportunity, and I think the work-from-home has also certainly benefited us and everybody else in that space. So all of those I think are reasons why Sign just continues to be a real growth opportunity for us. The last thing I would mention is the ability to embed our Sign stuff within other people's offerings as well. I think we made some good progress on that one as well so all of these give us confidence. And to your question, Sterling, we don't break it up because it's hard, right? Sometimes you have an enterprise deal where you have all of them using Acrobat and Sign. And so even on the individual case, you have the ability to use a certain amount of Sign capability with an Acrobat. And so I think our strength is in the combined offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, at the end of the day, Keith, we are a software company. And so I think -- actually just to give you a little bit of an update on numbers -- the beauty of when we acquired Magento and put it in the Commerce Cloud was first it was B2B and B2C. That was an attractive area for us. Second, it was physical goods and digital growth. That was an interesting opportunity for us. I think the third thing that was important for us was the fact that we had the ability to have both a large ecosystem of partners who were implementing this as well as an open-source community that was able to extend the functionality and, in effect, the extended R&D model. On the partner side, I think we've gone something from 2,800 or so partners that they had to well over 4,000. So the interest in partnering with us on the Commerce Cloud is high. And our model, as we've always said, this goes back also to the earlier question that somebody had on the P&L associated with Digital Experience. Our model is software, and we're happy actually to have a large ecosystem of partners that work with it. And maybe the last thing I would say on that particular front is that we're really continuing to expand what we do on the Merchant Services offering. So partners like PayPal and what we can do in conjunction with them and other credit card and other partners. I think that's going to also be a good area of continued growth for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Awesome. Maybe I'll go with the strategy and then, John, you can certainly add to that, which [indiscernible]. First, from a strategic point of view, if you go to Adobe.com, it's primarily subscription. And so we've done a fantastic job of converting that business to subscription. When you look at it globally and you consider some other markets where a lot of it is going through the resellers, even that has predominantly become subscription. But we'd be crazy not to have people if they do want some perpetual to buy the perpetual and then convert it to subscription because we still know that. So, I think to your Uber point, yes, we did see some strength in perpetual. China, I think, had also a pretty strong quarter as it related to Acrobat. And that may be a little bit more perpetual. Our strategy is clearly moving into the cloud. Our strategy is clearly demonstrating the value of where people see the ongoing innovation that we're providing. But that business, unlike the other business, we just want to attract more and more customers to any one of those offerings. And that's why we've continued to have the Acrobat perpetual offer out there. But it's becoming smaller and smaller. As a part of the business it's definitely becoming smaller and smaller. I know on Adobe.com it's virtually de minimis.
Shantanu Narayen: I think Keith, the question that we ask ourselves is the big shifts that we've seen in terms of how people work, the need to create, the different kinds of media types that exist. Is there anything that's going to fundamentally change when the economy changes? And we don't think so, because we just continue to believe that that importance of all of those areas and the tailwinds that exist in the market will continue to exist. I mean I think in terms of our numbers and you look at what we are doing, we've said, it's -- we've raised the target a little bit from what we had, the $1.75 billion to the $1.8 billion. And this is 10 years into it, driving a record ARR. I would say that that reflects the much larger market opportunity that we've created for ourselves. And so, the way I actually look at it, Keith, is that it's brought more attention to what's possible with our tools. And once people experience the benefits of what they're doing with us, it's going to be hard to go back to not using those kinds of technologies, which is what gives us a lot of interest. Hopefully, and you were certainly there, Keith, at the Analyst Meeting. That's why we tried to lay out completely what we see in terms of communicators and consumers and Creative pros. And I mean the business is doing really well. We're expanding the Digital Media segment revenue for the year, we're expanding revenue. And so that's all based on what we see as demand for what we have created and the tremendous amount of innovation that's ahead of us. So I think all of those give us a lot of confidence in the fundamental nature of the growth opportunities that we're focused on. And since that was the last question, I mean maybe just a couple of points. I would like to, and I know a lot of you did, also publicly thank John. This was I know for John a very personal decision, and I'm happy that he is going to be able to focus on what's important to him which is family and his philanthropic interests, and I'm deeply grateful. And on the overall business, it's hard. It's hard to believe that a year has passed since the pandemic impacted the world, but I think what's really incredible is digital is not just a nice to have right now, it's absolutely mission critical. And most companies would be thrilled to have one area of growth. We have three areas of growth: creativity, storytelling, design, what's happening with the future of work and remote work and the limitations of what you can do with in-person interaction, which will lead to more automation of digital documents and how every business in the planet is going to focus on engaging digitally with their customers, so massive opportunity. I think Q1 was a really strong quarter. We have a compelling strategy, an outstanding innovation roadmap. And I really have to thank all our employees who've pivoted to work from home and executed magnificently in what had been difficult circumstances, and which is why the momentum let us to increase our targets for '21. And as I always say, I think the top line and bottom line performance really set us apart as an investment for people. But stay safe, stay healthy, and we really look forward to having you attend Summit where we will unveil the next generation of enterprise innovation. Thank you for joining us, and I'll pass it back to Jonathan.
John Murphy: Yes, no; absolutely. I think the continued focus that we have both on gross margin and on operating margin in the businesses is key. And Mark, thanks for the words. I'm definitely going to miss you guys as well, but I will be here for a while during the transition. You can imagine it was a difficult decision to make. You think about these things for a while. But I decided even last year during the pandemic, and you kind of refocus on some priorities. And so I'm really fortunate for the great career I've had and thankful to Shantanu and Adobe to allow me this opportunity to pursue my passions.
John Murphy: Thanks, Brent. Yes, no, for sure it really reflects a continued recovery. But it's not -- we don't expect to be back to pre-COVID levels. I think as we saw as we exited FY '20, that momentum and kind of recovery was just gradual and continual recovery. And we're into the benefit of that.
John Murphy: Yes, thanks, Ken. No, the Workfront actually really did have great performance. So outside of the accounting adjustments for purchase accounting, we saw momentum in the business. And we had kind of suggested maybe about $140 million, $150 million in Workfront revenue impacting FY '21, but we think it'll be a bit more than that given the performance because the combined offering is really resonating with our customer base. That was really the, from the business case of doing this acquisition to begin with. We'll take the next question, operator.
John Murphy: Yes, in regards to the job openings, the headcount growth, when we entered the pandemic last year, we did pause hiring initiatives we talked about to really focus our resources on our highest priorities, and we did that and successfully navigated the pandemic and really came out taking advantage of the opportunities in front of us. And so with that, of course, we talked about it in Q3 that we were going to start to ramp hiring. And so we have done that and we continue to look to invest, as I said, in R&D and sales capacity as well as variable marketing. In terms of the impact on OpEx, we had originally planned for margin expansion in FY '21 over FY '20, and we've updated targets actually indicating even greater margin expansion even though it accounts for our phased reentry as we come back to traveling, as we reopen our facilities. So for us, it's the ability to grow the top line and the leverage in our operating model allows us to be able to do that. So for us, margin expansion is really all driven off of revenue growth and ultimately we can perform both very well on the top line and on the bottom line.
