Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mike and good afternoon. Adobe is redefining the Creative and Digital Marketing categories with our industry-leading cloud offerings. Through a steady stream of innovation, we will expand adoption of Creative Cloud; grow multi-solution sales of Adobe Marketing Cloud; and drive integration across our cloud offerings. We made progress on all fronts this quarter. In Q1, we achieved $1 billion in revenue, with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.30. We drove strong performance across key growth metrics, including Creative Cloud subscriptions, annualized recurring revenue or ARR, and Adobe Marketing Cloud bookings. In Digital Media, Creative Cloud momentum continued. Creative Cloud ARR grew to just under $1 billion in Q1 and we exited with over 1.8 million subscriptions. Driving that customer adoption and satisfaction is the ongoing flow of innovation in the Creative Cloud platform. Coming off our delivery of more than 500 new features and capabilities last year to Creative Cloud subscribers and enterprise users, in Q1 we delivered numerous updates including major features in Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. We are excited about the amazing innovation we will deliver in a major update to Creative Cloud in the next few months. Our digital publishing business continues its momentum, where we are building on our success with publishers in the corporate market, like General Motors and Disney. Last month, we announced the integration of Digital Publishing Suite and Adobe Experience Manager, part of the Adobe Marketing Cloud. This integration enables publishers and brands to create, deliver, and measure experiences across the web and content-rich apps like digital magazines using one set of assets. This enables a faster and more efficient publishing process. In Document Services, Acrobat continued to achieve solid performance, with online document services continuing their momentum. EchoSign adoption continues, with brands including Citrix, Electronic Arts, Kia, NEC Financial Services and UC Berkeley using our eSignature platform. Combined with Acrobat ETLAs, Document Services ARR grew to $164 million exiting Q1. Between our Creative and Document Services businesses, total Digital Media ARR grew to $1.15 billion at the end of Q1. In Digital Marketing, Adobe Marketing Cloud achieved 24% year-over-year revenue growth in Q1. We continue to have the most comprehensive offering in the market for Chief Marketing Officers, Chief Revenue Officers, advertising agencies, publishing executives and digital marketers. To create even more impact for our marketing customers, we are focused on integrating our six Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions. In January, we announced the integration of Adobe Campaign and Adobe Experience Manager. This will allow marketers to use a single digital asset management repository and integrate data from anonymous visitors and identified customers to create personalized customer experiences. Campaign is off to a strong start, as it addresses marketers’ challenge to manage communications with their customers across multiple channels. Examples of customers licensing multiple Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions in Q1 included GMC, Kohl’s, MGM, NBC Universal and Under Armour. Last month, we had an exciting event when NBC Sports used Adobe Primetime to deliver the Sochi Olympics to desktops, tablets and other mobile devices. Millions of viewers were able to access events live and on-demand. NBC was able to use Primetime’s analytics, authentication, ad delivery and media playback capabilities to stream video across screens. With more than 10.2 million video stream starts, the men’s hockey game between the U.S. and Canada stood out as the biggest, authenticated online event in history. Next week, we will hold our Digital Marketing Summit in Salt Lake City, with over 5,500 attendees. Summit has become a premier industry venue where we engage with current and prospective customers as well as an ever growing list of global partners. We have a number of significant announcements on the docket as well as an amazing speaker lineup, including senior marketing executives from brands like Audi, FedEx, REI and Sephora. I am proud to share we donated over $300 million of software and training to the White House’s ConnectED initiative. The goal of ConnectED is to advance digital learning among our youth, and we are excited about enabling 15,000 schools across the country to help students express their creativity and build skills for future success. We delivered another strong quarter and continue to make great progress against our goals in both Digital Media and Digital Marketing. Next week at Summit we will walk you through more details about where we are headed. We hope to see you there. Now, I will turn it over to Mark.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I will take that Brent. I mean, when we look at the prospects for the Marketing Cloud, we continue to be very optimistic. The bookings were strong during the quarter. As you know in the enterprise business, you have a seasonally weak Q1 after what was an extremely strong Q4, but when we look at it big picture, we just continue to see great awareness, good traction with all of our solutions, people adopting the new solutions rather than point products. And I am sure you will get a lot more information next week at Summit and Campaign was off to a strong start, so that adds to another solution that we have now as part of the offering. So, we continue to be very excited about the prospects for the Marketing Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I mean, I think people are still continuing to sign contracts. And I would say the average is probably 18 months, Brent, but it’s – you have multiple that are three years and retention continues to be fairly high in that space.
Shantanu Narayen: I would think, Ken, that overall we would continue to have a higher mix for the entire Creative Cloud when we think about the Creative Cloud offering as opposed to the equivalent comparison with the Creative Suite product. And when we think about what happened in Q1, overall unit demand for the Creative products continue to be really strong and I think you will see mix changes during the quarter as long as we continue to have the perpetual option. The other thing I would say is we saw a lot of strength with new customer acquisition in the Photoshop and Lightroom bundle that was quite well received, but overall I would say that we continue to expect that overall mix in the Creative Cloud will continue to be towards the entire offering.
Shantanu Narayen: I would again continue to impress like I think we have for investors that the annualized recurring revenue is really the right long-term way to look at the health of the business. We are off to a strong Q1. And again as Mark said, that gives us confidence for us to expect to continue to beat the targets that we have. We are just not updating the guidance every quarter, annual guidance.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. We are seeing actually more and more, Brendan, it’s a good question. I mean I will give you some customer examples. The publishing industry certainly, they want a single asset repository and workflow to create content once and repurpose it across web and mobile applications and video. We are seeing in retail actually a number of innovative customers are looking to accelerate the entire time to market. So they have their design done with hopefully an enterprise version of the Creative Cloud ETLA. And then they are actually providing that design directly through manufacturing, through the workflow that we have, so instead of using traditional product databases they are actually using our content repository system. We are seeing marketers accelerate campaigns by having the content assets directly flow into the marketing platform. And you know in video, I think you are seeing creation, delivery and ad insertion also all done through a single system like Primetime. The two products that we have specifically in that space the digital asset management that’s represented within the Adobe Experience Manager and also we have the integration right now between DPS and AEM. So hopefully that gives you some color of how customers are actually aggressively wanting us to further integrate both within the clouds and across clouds.
Shantanu Narayen: Well Jennifer, I think demand from individuals continues to be strong. I think the ETLA pipeline again you traditionally have a strong close to Q4 and then we start building up the pipeline in Q1. And so ETLAs will see a sequential seasonal decline between Q4 and Q1 and team continues to get stronger every quarter as we see both CS6 being longer in the tooth as it relates to channel fulfilling demand from the customers as well as people looking at the value added innovation that’s available through the Creative Cloud, team continues to get stronger. So that hopefully gives you color. And if you look at the individual application mix versus the overall you will also see that the Photoshop/Lightroom combination did well. As we have done survey on those customers we are definitely seeing market expansion and attracting new customers to the platform.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Ross. I mean, the way we are looking at it we first feel that the offering that will be coming out later this year is going to be so strong. CS6 is definitely going to look longer in the tooth. I mean, we have created all of the appropriate training with the channel partners as well as making sure, the two licensing programs that we had CLP and TLP, both of them will still be available. We will in certain markets continue to offer the licensing. Again, that would be de minimis in the second quarter. And then electronic software download, you will continue to see us offer that, but even today honestly on adobe.com, the vast, vast majority of all purchases is clearly the subscription. So, Adobe.com has already made that transition. The direct enterprise business is all driving ETLAs. The channel mix is slightly different, but we feel so confident that we now have the product offering, we have the appropriate way for both the channels to resell our products as well as for people who are acquiring it within enterprises to have an admin console. I mean, all of that just leads us to make sure that we have a unified story about what the right product is for all of our customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, in the non-commercial markets, I think when we think about education, Kash, I mean it will continue to be a seating strategy in order to get people and it will probably be a lower ARPU much like the ARPU was lower when we think about what we had with the Creative Suite. We also continue to offer ETLAs within educational institutions, which is doing well. So the direct sales force has moved to educational institutions. So when we think about the education market specifically think of it as individuals within the education whether they are students, whether they are administrators or whether they are faculty they will have the ability to get Creative Cloud at a lower price point. You will have the equivalent of team for deployment within labs that product is also going to get updated as we talked about and at the higher end for enterprises. But it’s a great seating strategy and it allows us to continue to have people embrace our products as the products of choice as they embark on a creative career.
Shantanu Narayen: Clearly, Creative Suite started off strong in the U.S. and we are rolling it out kind of around the world it’s like anything else it seems to kind of move from the U.S. to Europe to Asia. So Asia has probably got the biggest opportunity in terms of Creative Cloud adoption moving forward. I don’t think there was anything we saw Steve around the world from a demand perspective that was troubling. Like I said, we saw stable demand across all the geographies. So it was nothing unusual in the numbers. And there is definitely upside on Creative Cloud adoption in Asia.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Jay. I mean I think with DPS we might have mention that we had about 150 million downloads. I think if we update that, it would be closer to 170 million right now. And so that traction continues. What’s exciting about DPS is that actually a lot of the new business is in commercial accounts as I think we mentioned, so that that all goes well for us as we see deployment within enterprises. Media Optimizer continues to do well, grow year-over-year in terms of the annualized marketing spend that we have. But I would actually say that all of Marketing Cloud is really transaction based. And when you sort of look at what’s happening with mobile and the move towards mobile devices and mobile traffic, I mean that is driving whether it is the number of multichannel messages that are communicated, whether that’s the amount of advertising spend that we do, whether it’s the amount of targeted offers that are going out on behalf of our customers. So the good thing about the Marketing Cloud is that as transaction volume increases with mobile clearly driving adoption that actually all goes well for all of Marketing Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Jay, I will let Mark answer that specifically. I think big picture as it relates to people adopting Creative Cloud, you are seeing more and more partners in the ecosystem who are standardizing on the Adobe Marketing Cloud. And again, I think you will see some exciting announcements next week about how more and more people are creating digital practices on our marketing platform. And so our strategy continues to be how do we engage those partners, how do we educate those partners, and for some of the key customers, we will certainly be prime, but we want the entire ecosystem to evolve.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Heather. So, as you know, we announced at the last Marketing Summit that we would be moving all of the 20 or 30 products that we had into essentially five solutions that then got expanded when we made the Neolane acquisition into Adobe Campaign. If I look at our results for Q1, the vast majority of that revenue is now coming from solution. So it’s clear that people are buying the solutions as opposed to the individual point products and some of those solutions again have multiple point products of the past. So that’s one really positive dataset. The second one is as we delivered Adobe Campaign, which was off to a strong start it comes with the same user experience. So we have already built a single dashboard that allows people to in a unified way, use all of our different solutions. I think that two other things maybe I will leave you with. The first is managed services when we have an Adobe Experience Manager solution, it provides us with a great opportunity to not just have the Adobe Experience Manager solution as part of the installation, but to actually have all the solutions ready to go and all that a customer has to do is to turn it on rather than to explicitly have to contract with us. And finally, I think one of the things that is exciting for us is a lot of the CMOs are now looking at it and saying whether it’s their spend across multiple channels, whether it’s their communication across multiple channels, the entire media mix and attribution we are uniquely qualified to solve that for CMOs across their entire marketing spend. And so stay tuned for some exciting announcements in that front as well.
Shantanu Narayen: I will do the second one first. I mean it’s already integrated, it’s Adobe Campaign. We mentioned in the prepared remarks that it’s off to a strong start and so having that multichannel orchestration capabilities across all of our offerings across all the channels is a very strong add already to the Marketing Cloud. I think in terms of what’s happening in a competitive landscape, you are right. I mean there is more activity because it’s probably the most explosive new enterprise software category. And I think our D&A about creativity and marketers continued to give us a lot of optimism about how we are going to perform in this. We are the leaders and we are going to continue to differentiate honestly by integrating entire content delivery into this platform. So hopefully that gives you some indication. But yes there is more competition I think it’s just raising awareness of the entire category. And if you look at the industry analyst reports, we continue to be the leader not just in the entire platform but also in individual solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: I think you are going to hear some of that next week. You do know we are doing an FA summit there as well Derrick. So we will leave some information for you to come listen to both the announcements as well as an update on the business.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I think customer behavior is really driving more e-commerce across every single device and I don’t know of a single customer that – of a single customer or partner who doesn’t believe that the move towards online digital commerce is going to diminish. So it’s just going to increase.
Shantanu Narayen: Thank you again for joining us. We are executing well against the strategy and feel really great about the progress we have made. When we look at it, we think Q1 was a strong start in both our growth initiatives. In Digital Marketing, we do have the most comprehensive marketing platform, strong year-over-year bookings growth and we will share more details on the roadmap as well as industry partnerships that we are signing to accelerate that business. And in Digital Media, the strength of Q1 coupled with the innovation that we are on track to deliver later this summer leads us to expect to exceed the annual target that we had provided. We look forward to seeing you at Summit. Thank you.
Mark Garrett: I was just going to add to that, this is Mark, that like I mentioned we have this major launch coming with a big marketing campaign. And as we said, we are going to take CLP and TLP out of the channel and those two actions together are going to help drive Creative adoption and ARR in the second half of the year.
Mark Garrett: I didn’t get that specific but again with the launch and the removal of CLP, TLP in the back of the year, we would expect subscribers to grow. I would leave it at that for now.
Mark Garrett: I don’t know is that we want to get that specific I mean what, like I said on the call it’s really pleasing to see more than half of our total revenue in the quarter coming from ratable sources now and more of the Creative revenue coming from recognized subscription revenue than from perpetual revenue. We did say that a couple of times now that perpetual revenue really falls off dramatically in the back half of year, again even more so now with the CLP TLP coming out of the channel. So I think it gets fairly de minimis like we talked about in the back half of the year.
Mark Garrett: Yes. So I mentioned this in the script, Ross. But again, the best measure of the business we still believe is ARR, because that incorporates everything obviously. And as we looked at the segmented offerings with individual team and enterprise, ARPU was relatively flat quarter-over-quarter across each of those offerings, but in aggregate, it was down due to mix and still remains kind of in the mid 30s, which we feel good about. And like we have said, over the longer term we feel that there is plenty of opportunity to drive that ARPU up. Right now, we want to drive subscriber adoption and we are going to do things that are prudent to do that, but again, ARPU remains in the mid-30s and it was affected by mix this quarter more than anything else.
Mark Garrett: Kash, to be honest, we are not going to be updating that installed base migration at least not on the call here. That’s something that we would do maybe down the road at an Analyst Day or something, but like we said we continue to see good adoption from people that are both perpetual users as well as new users on Creative Cloud.
Mark Garrett: And when we talk Steve about digital marketing I think we have made it explicit about our focus on developed economies as the first area of focus and so as the percentage of digital marketing revenue in our overall revenue mix grows that will also show up more disproportionately in both the U.S. as well as in Europe.
Mark Garrett: Yes, we actually have not split that out in the past I mean it’s fairly straightforward if you take the ARPU in the mid-30s times the number of users that we told you about in the quarter. You can kind of back into an enterprise ETLA ARR number. We have never really broken it out to be honest Steve.
Mark Garrett: And then Jay, you are right, on the services line to the extent that we have more and more customers adopting ETLAs, which is consistent with our strategy and where the sales forces really performing very well, you will see maintenance falloff on the old model and move into more of an ETLA model for Creative.
Mark Garrett: Honestly, I have to look at that, Jay. I don’t know about the recognized subscription revenue specifically from adobe.com versus perpetual from adobe.com. I would think that if it’s not there already, it’s certainly going to get there, but I don’t know if it’s there yet.
Mark Garrett: Well, I think over the right period of time, you will see Asia come back to where it was. And there is no reason to believe that it wouldn’t like that both I and Shantanu said they are going to be a little bit behind on Creative Cloud adoption. They are certainly behind on Digital Marketing adoption. And as perpetual falls off more and more that changes the mix, but there is no reason to believe that those mixes shouldn’t come back to where they were over the longer period.
