Mike Saviage: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call are Adobe's President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen; as well as Mark Garrett, Executive Vice President and CFO. In the call today, we will discuss Adobe's second quarter fiscal year 2010 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed the wire approximately one hour ago. If you need a copy of the press release, you can go to Adobe.com under the Company and Press links to find the electronic copy. Before we get started, I want to emphasize that some of the information discussed in this call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets, and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, June 22, 2010, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, you should review the Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in the earnings press release we issued today as well as Adobe's SEC filings. During this call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the two is available in today's earnings release and on our Investor Relations website in the investor data sheet. Call participants are advised that the audio of this conference call is being broadcast live over the Internet in Adobe Connect and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of the call will be made available on Adobe's Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days and is the property of Adobe Systems. The audio and archive may not be re-recorded or otherwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe Systems. I would now like to turn the call over to Shantanu.
Mike Saviage: Thanks, Shantanu. Before we begin Q&A, I'd like to cover a few housekeeping items. We've announced the dates for Adobe MAX, which will be held again this year in Los Angeles. Every year, MAX brings together thousands of Adobe users, developers and partners and is a great time to see Adobe in action. This year, MAX will occur during the week of October 25, and like last year, we will host a financial analyst meeting on Wednesday during MAX. Please save the date and mark your calendars to attend MAX as well as our analyst meeting on Wednesday, October 27. The analyst meeting will be condensed to a half day this year, starting in the morning and ending with a lunch with Adobe management. You can learn more about MAX at the MAX website, max.adobe.com. Formal invitations for analyst day will be sent out this summer. For many years, we've offered a service, whereby investors and analysts can signup on adobe.com to receive Adobe press releases via email when they cross the wire. During the remainder of fiscal 2010, we will begin to phase out this email service. In its place we are offering today, several RSS feeds that you can subscribe to on adobe.com. Our Investor Relations web page provides RSS feed information to subscribe to Adobe press releases as well as the quick links investor relations page for new investor related documents. By subscribing to these RSS feeds, your RSS reader will be notified when new documents are posted to these locations by Adobe and give you easy access to them. We've also added a new link on the IR page of adobe.com, which points to Adobe's corporate blog feed. Adobe utilizes these web delivery capabilities as a means to communicate material information to the financial community. For reference, we posted these URL's in the connect archive of today's call. Regards to today's earnings report, we have posted several documents on our Investor Relations webpage today, including a copy of the script containing our prepared remarks for today's call. To access these documents and the other investor related information I've highlighted, you can go to our website at www.adobe.com/ADBE. For those who wish to listen to a playback of today's conference call, a web-based Adobe connect archive of the call will be available from the IR page on adobe.com later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone reply by calling 888-203-1112, use conference ID number 5434821. Again the phone number is 888-203-1112 with ID number 5434821. International callers should dial 719-457-0821. The phone playback service will be available beginning at 4:00 pm Pacific Time today, and then again at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time on Friday, June 25, 2010. We would now be happy to take your questions. In addition to questions that come in from those participating on the live phone call, we've also enabled the question pod in the connect session. So those on the connect session, feel free to send in your questions, and we'll try to take a few in addition to those that come via the phone line. Operator, we'll take the first question from the phones.
Mike Saviage: Along those lines there's a question from the connect session, and one of them was, are you seeing any impact on the CS business relative to HTML and the Flash debate.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. In Q2, we achieved record revenue of $943 million with non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.44. In addition to a successful CS5 launch, we had solid results across all of our businesses and geographies. We continue to execute well against our strategic goals, providing great value to our customers, which is resulting in strong performance. I'll spend a few minutes discussing Q2 business highlights. Then Mark will provide additional details about the quarter and our financial targets. Following that, I will close with a discussion on our longer-term objectives, and we'll take your questions. In our Creative Solutions business, positive product reviews, industry buzz and pent-up customer demand drove strong Creative Suite 5 adoption in all major geographic regions in the quarter. Our team has delivered an amazing set of products with new innovative features, performance improvements and workflow enhancements to help customers deliver rich and engaging content across media types, platforms and devices. Our strategy to drive more Suites adoption and revenue is succeeding. 71% of the CS5 product family revenue we achieved in Q2 was Suites-based, an all-time high. We are also seeing success with our video editing tools, which helped drive strong growth for our video solutions including Master Collection. While early in the cycle, CS5 sales were particularly strong on the Mac. In Q2, we also made progress against two long-term strategic goals. We achieved record Creative Suite orders on Adobe.com and record revenue in the education market. Based on initial results and feedback from customers, we believe the adoption of CS5 will remain strong through the end of this year and into next year as large customers evaluate and transition to the new release. Our Omniture business had another solid quarter in Q2 with strong bookings and the addition of more than 100 net new customers. Awareness of the strategic value Adobe can provide across an entire workflow involving creation, delivery and optimization is resonating with our big enterprise customers. In fact, we booked a significant multi-year enterprise win for more than $6 million that spanned all major Adobe products from creative tools to LiveCycle and Omniture solutions. In our Acrobat business, the strength we experienced in Q4 and Q1 continued through Q2. Enterprise licensing was particularly strong, demonstrating the Acrobat and PDF value proposition continues to resonate with large customers. We are on track to deliver a new version of Acrobat late in Q4 that will focus on enabling knowledge workers and enterprises to collaborate across critical document workflows. In our Enterprise segment, both Connect and LiveCycle had a strong bookings quarter and continue to gain traction in key vertical markets such as government and financial services. Enabling our customers to deliver engaging experiences across multiple devices remains a focus of the company. Today, we announced availability of Flash Player 10.1 for mobile devices, which delivers on the promise of enabling access to the full web across desktops and devices. We expect millions of devices to ship with 10.1 in the second half of 2010. Flash is strategic for Adobe, because it delivers great value to our customers. Approximately 3.5 million Flash designers and developers are working with Flash-based solutions today, and their ranks grew by 59% in 2009. The new release of Flash Player creates a whole new sandbox for these millions of designers and developers to create next-generation content, advertising, games, applications and experiences. We've already seen that those who have been using the new Flash Player on Android phones love it. And as devices start to ship with Flash during the rest of the year, those that don't have Flash on their smartphones will wish they did. Now I'll turn the call over to Mark for some commentary on our financial results. Then I will close with some remarks on our longer-term strategic outlook.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Adobe is one of the most diversified software companies in the world. Market trends and dynamics in the industry are positively affecting all of our major businesses and creating significant opportunities. These opportunities relate to the ongoing explosion of digital content and the challenges our customers face in creating, delivering, and optimizing that content. Every customer I meet expresses a desire to get more value from their content. They want to engage with their constituents more easily and more quickly in a cost-effective manner. They want to migrate their businesses online. They want to extend their brand using the newest means available to them, such as behavioral targeting. They want to replace inefficient paper-based workflows with digital document workflows. They want to enable rich engaging experiences on the web and provide access to their information to reach across every screen in a consumer's life. This is a massive opportunity. Innovation in our execution against opportunities like this has driven our growth for more than 25 years. We enable our customers to create engaging experiences, deliver them across multiple devices and optimize and monetize their brand and assets. Our approach has always been to enable these capabilities in way that our operating system, platform and format agnostic. We have created widely used standards such as PostScript, Flash and PDF and support other industry standards such as JPEG, HTML and H.264. Given the strategic market position, given our strong brand and the use of our products by tens of million of customers, given the ubiquitous reach of our solutions across hundreds of millions of pc's and devices. And given the track record of consistent execution against our strategy and financial targets, we believe Adobe is significantly undervalued today. We're going to take advantage of what we believe is an undervalued stock price and as Mark mentioned earlier, we will aggressively buy back our stock, utilizing excess cash and the strong cash flow that our business generates. By fiscal 2012, our goal is to achieve $5 billion in revenue. We plan to drive double digit growth in our existing businesses and supplement that with strategic, small and medium sized M&A. We have demonstrated with our successful acquisitions of Macromedia, Scene7 and Omniture that we can expand our market opportunity and drive incremental growth, while enhancing our strategic relationship with a broad set of customers. Given our focus on expanding our value proposition in driving top-line growth, we expect to deliver operating margins consistent with what we plan to achieve in fiscal 2010. We anticipate delivering earnings growth at a rate that meets or exceeds our top-line growth rate and we expect to maintain the delivery of strong operating cash flow. Adobe has always been at the heart of making engaging experiences happen. We fuel the content creation and delivery ecosystem in a way no other technology company can, which will drive revenue and earnings growth in the years to come. Thank you for joining us today, now, I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: So Brent, in terms of what we are seeing by geographies, we had a strong quarter virtually across every geography. And we really haven't, and I think Mark alluded to this also in the prepared remarks seen any impact so far in Europe. I mean, you do have the traditional Q3 seasonality in Europe. But with respect to CS5, the launch has been strong across all geographies across all market segments.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Adam, I'll take those. And again, clearly CS5 was off to a very, very solid start. And we are shipping all major languages and we've seen strength across geographies. In terms of the revenue itself in the quarter, a unit certainly drove a majority of the sequential and year-over-year increase in the revenue and so we're seeing units. ASP has also gone up. As you know, we added Flash Catalyst to a number of the suites. So we are certainly seeing the impact of that. Tiered pricing is also starting to kick-in right now as we get version skippers to move from CS3 and earlier versions to CS5. In terms of what we should expect within the cycle, your second question, we said it's 15% greater than CS4. We would expect that to actually increase over the cycle. And I know one question that's probably going to come up sometime today is, how does this compare with CS3? It's been actually very strong, and we expect it to be closer to CS3.
Shantanu Narayen: So Heather, when we looked at the business and the early results for CS5, again, we were pleased. I think it's fair to say, it's early in the quarter. When we look at the mix of suites versus the point products that look good, the demand for the Flash set of products was high. Education, which is a long term strategic investment for the company, education was very strong in the quarter which is not your traditionally strong quarter, as well as adobe.com. And so people want direct relationships with us, which is good. So all the metrics that we've seen for the business lead us to believe that it's going to be a strong cycle. As you point out, there's pent-up demand, there's the digital explosion that we're seeing. And we'll certainly share more information as we go along. Based on what we've seen so far, it looks to be a strong cycle which is why I was comparing it with CS3. But it's too early to tell exactly where it's going to end up.
Shantanu Narayen: And Walter, just to add, I mean, when we look at the business today, our goal was to communicate that 2010 is clearly off to a great start. And we're very pleased with the execution that we've seen. It seemed to us that the long term Adobe opportunity that we've had has been sometimes overlooked in this recent Flash controversy. And so it was important for us to really remind all of our investors of the various opportunities that we see. When you talk about explosion of digital content, the movement towards devices, businesses are moving online. It's just a really massive opportunity, and an opportunity where Adobe is uniquely positioned, and we wanted to clarify that we're really going to capitalize on this opportunity because our customers frankly are demanding that we step up, whether it's in the marketing realm. CMOs that I talk to are saying, can you please continue to deliver more value for us and visit our acquisition, visit our conversion. Enterprises are all moving to delivering engaging experiences, and every single publisher has been asking Adobe to extend its offerings to be able to deliver content and help them monetize it and analyze it. It's just a very exciting opportunity for us, and we're going to go execute against it.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, the enterprise pipeline that we have is actually a very healthy pipeline. We would expect that as we close the second half of the year you will see significant growth year-over-year. The value proposition is clearly resonating. Some of that is just looking at timing, but in terms of the underlying fundamentals the business is very solid.
Shantanu Narayen: If you look at the various CS cycles that we have had, the cycles have all been fairly consistent, which is, they start off, you get the early adopters to buy into the products, the people who spend all night waiting for the product and then you start to see more enterprises adopt it. And you get a network effect, which is, when an agency is using it all their clients use it. And so, we would expect in aggregate the CS5 cycle to actually mirror the previous cycles that we have. The level at which we would expect it to exist is higher clearly than CS4, given the macro economic climate is a lot better. There is pent up demand and as you point out PC sales are clearly one of the indicators that we look at, because when people buy new hardware, they tend to buy new software. So, from an overall cycle playing out, we would expect it to be consistent with the previous cycles and we've already seen, frankly, enterprises start to put it through its spaces specially as it relates to taking print content and getting it out to alternate devices.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think that there are many ways in which we monetize the current Flash platform. First, through the distribution that we have for Flash and the millions of downloads that we have. As you know we are monetizing that by providing software services. The authoring continues to be an area of interest for us. And more and more customers are really asking us for multi-screen authoring, being able to deliver their content across multiple devices. We have certainly started to tie analytics in; you are seeing Omniture analytics being increasingly used to track all of the content that's going online. Mobile; as mobile comes online we are starting to see Omniture analytics used to track mobile content. And finally streaming; we deliver service as you know that allow us to monetize the ubiquity of the Flash player in addition to our enterprise offerings. And the enterprise offerings more and more the ask is really about delivering flash or rich internet application experiences through our live cycle set of products. So, multiple ways in which we are monetizing it today, and we will continue to do that.
Shantanu Narayen: Mike, what we are seeing is a lot of Acrobat usage right now within enterprises to do what we call critical document workflows. The integration of Acrobat and acrobat.com is ripe area of innovation and opportunity for us to continue to deliver value to customers. Delivery of PDF files across mobile devices is becoming an increasing use case for us. So, multiple innovations are on the drawing board and we are excited about the new version that as we said will come out later this year.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say overall CS5, when we look at the reviews, the reviews have just been really positive and in general people talk about the productivity improvements, the performance improvements that we have certainly done. But if you want me to call out some of the things that are clearly getting a lot of customer appreciation in Photoshop, features like Content-Aware Fill are clearly things that people love. In the video products, we completely revamp the playback engine, which is in PREMIO pro, features like Roto Brush and After Effects which enable you when you have multiple screens to be able to track an object across that has got a lot of positive feedback. On the website, some of the services that we provided, Flash Catalyst certainly has also got a lot of positive feedback. And I would say in the InDesign, the core assembly products, everything to do with interactive documents, which is taking content out from print and being able to convert it to content for web and now for tablet kinds of devices are certainly gaining traction. But it's across the board frankly. The feedback has been very positive.
Shantanu Narayen: It's all pretty much in market already Philip. So we're there in market with the products, we've been moving towards getting more of the products out as soon as we launch, because frankly, once we announce the product in the U.S., the anticipation builds and we don't want our customers in other parts of the world to have to wait for the products.
Shantanu Narayen: The one last thing I'll mention was actually, very quickly after the product as you know we've also released some updates including HTML5 pack to Dreamweaver. And that and the services are also seeing a fair amount of uptake.
Shantanu Narayen: No, we really have not seen any impact of the HTML and Flash debate on our authoring business. I mean, what we are finding frankly is that we're seeing more and more fragmented workflows as people have to author to different standards. And the demand actually on our authoring side, to be able to deal with all these disparate workflows is actually causing more attention being paid to the Creative Suite 5 features. And we've said this multiple times, the Flash and HTML is really going to be the solution for the web. Both of them have benefits. And Adobe has had a long history of supporting both existing formats, and when the formats don't exist, of inventing appropriate technology to enable people to deliver the kind of experience they want to.
Shantanu Narayen: When we look at our organic businesses, we do believe that they have double digit growth opportunities. And so, you should look at the acquisitions as more small to medium size M&A. And it's really to fill it out. Let me give you an example of a customer that I recently visited. It's a customer who was using a smattering of creative products, and they found that their entire business was going to move online. And in order to enable them to do that, they wanted not only to get creative across their entire enterprise, but they wanted us to be able to help them publish their content online. They bought Omniture analytics to be able to understand what customers were doing online, and lifecycle to enable them with that workflow. And so it really is about for the media and publishing customer, how can we provide more of a comprehensive solution starting with our creative tools. It's for the enterprise customer being able to deliver the engaging experience that they want. So think of it as small to medium-sized M&A.
Shantanu Narayen: The reality is, I was expecting somebody might ask us about the IBM Coremetrics. Omniture is the clear market leader already in that particular market. And every marketing professional that we talk to, wants the ability to start from the creative process and embed intelligence in it that they allow to be analyzed later on. So Sasa, what we have done with Creative Suite 5, is to start to show the vision of when you do the creative process, being able to embed the intelligence, so that you can automatically then analyze the data when it moves online. Customers are pleased with it. They've all had to build their own analytics capabilities around Flash Player, and now we're able to do that for them in a unified and consistent fashion.
Shantanu Narayen: One other thing I might add, that's clearly also dependant on the kind of business. For example, with Omniture, we can tell you that we're ahead of our plans with respect to the annual contract value and the bookings, which is the internal way in which we measure the business and metric that we use to signify strength in that business, that doesn't get reported out immediately as you know, because that's revenue that we recognize rapidly over the duration of the contract. So, just realize that some of the investments that we're making reflect in booking and not necessarily in reported revenue right off the bat.
Shantanu Narayen: With respect to your question on the content servers, when we think about the amount of video served or streamed using the flash format, that is actually exceeding our expectations at the beginning of the year. And it just reflects, that more and more video, frankly, is been streamed over the internet. The fact that some formats don't support it just means that there may be alternate workflows. But if you think about sporting events that are happening or when you think about television, all of that's also being streamed on the internet and frankly all of that's in Flash. So for those who have been watching the soccer or golf, virtually all of that content is in Flash.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Steve I would say that the CS5 product has been so strong across the board, mobile and I would say authoring, frankly, for multiple screens is clearly one of the features that we're getting more demand and request from, because it's a pain point that's here and now for all customers and I think you'll see, frankly, probably another ten tablet style devices that come out with different resolutions between now and holiday season, which will actually increase the demand for that capability within our products. And so, yes, the need from customers to be able to get there content out to multiple devices, we've certainly seen an uptick in that request.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, what we had said was in the number of flash developers that we have seen, creative people as well as developers year-over-year, its now up to 3.5 million creative designers and developers which was a 59% increase. In terms of the revenue of products that contain Flash, we had talked about 22% increase in revenue.
Shantanu Narayen: So let me take the first question which was around Omniture. When we look at the Omniture business, we look at it actually by even more segments, and we look at it as, what are the strategic customer accounts, what are the key customer accounts, what are major and what are the mid-market. And when we think about the key and the strategic, and a lot of this is driven frankly by what the annual contract value is for each of these customers. At the key and strategic, we are closer to 100%; in fact it was a 100% retention rate. Where we have seen a slight tick down is actually in the mid-market and the small and medium business. But in the larger enterprise, the business continues to be very strong. And your second question was about CS5 and CS3. Again, as we said, we expect over the cycle it's going to be closer to CS3. It's been a strong product launch, very excited about it. It's early to draw too many conclusions.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. The reason we are bullish about it is, we have more visibility into the pipeline frankly. And when we are talking to customers about delivering these customer experience solutions, it's clearly resonating with these customers. And so, that gives us optimism about the second half and our ability to close that. With respect to your second question on partnerships, we continue to actually get a fair amount of revenue, what we call partner sourced revenue as you recognize in the enterprise space. That's a way of expanding your ecosystem, and that continues to be healthy for us. And that's both systems integrators as well as ISVs.
Mark Garrett: And Brent, I'll add to that since this question is going to come up anyway. We did have a quarter-over-quarter loss to revenue of approximately $22 million from currency. So that obviously impacted our Europe results. Year-over-year was actually a gain of 13, but quarter-over-quarter was a loss of 22. We do hedge, and we do get some benefit from hedging from time to time. It wasn't actually a significant benefit this quarter. It was about $6 million that is not included in those numbers I just gave you. But when you look at the rest of this year based on the hedges that we do have in place already, we expect to have about $30 million worth of hedging benefit in Q3 and Q4 of this year as a result of our program. It's spread out between Q3 and Q4.
Mark Garrett: No, not at all actually. There's a couple of things in CapEx and a couple of things that related to cash this quarter that are worth highlighting. So in CapEx, we had some land purchases. The three headquarter buildings here in San Jose, two of them we just closed the land underneath those buildings. So we now own the land underneath those buildings. We also bought some land in India for expansion, so the two of those together were about $20 million. The India land shows up as a separate line because it's a leased land, a 99-year lease. But the San Jose towers are in that CapEx line. The other thing in CapEx was a significant investment in our data centers which is more of a one time investment of about $25 million. So a couple of unique one-time items that impacted capital as well as cash.
Mark Garrett: That's exactly right. It represents depending on what you believe the rest of this year will be, somewhere in that 15% annual growth for revenue. We believe earnings should grow at least as fast as revenue. We're going to be more focused on driving earnings and strong cash flow. Cash flow this quarter was uniquely impacted due to some one time things. But as you know, this is a very strong cash flow business model and we're really going to focus on driving revenue growth, earnings growth, and cash flow.
Mark Garrett: I think the way really to look at it is on the margin and earnings line, right. We're very dedicated to those margin and earnings numbers. We will add headcount as we go forward. We're largely adding headcount in areas that are smart from a geographic standpoint as well as focused from a business standpoint. So if you look at the heads that we did add it's primarily in sales and marketing where we're trying to drive revenue, adding more sales capacity in Omniture, adding more R&D headcount where it makes sense. So to make a long story short, yes you'll see headcount growth. I'm not sure it's going to always be a couple hundred but you will see headcount growth.
Mark Garrett: One of the big reasons that we said we anticipate margins staying roughly where they'll end up in 2010 is for exactly that reason. We recognize the fact that doing some of these M&A transactions, we're not going to be able to buy businesses that generate the same 35 plus percent operating margins that Adobe does, but we do believe that we can absorb those businesses into our Adobe margin structure and keep margins at 2010 levels. That's why we thought it was important to give you both a revenue aspiration as well as a margin number.
Mark Garrett: You know, really drives back to this concept of this driving top-line growth and we were really trying to first and foremost drive, top-line growth and earnings growth. We'll keep margins where they are, and that allows us to invest back in the business, is really the simple answer.
Mark Garrett: Yes, that is actually a very good prompt. You guys know us well enough now that any time we over-perform in a given quarter, you are going to have margin upside.
Mark Garrett: From a headcount perspective, again, it's really to help drive top-line revenue growth, that's first and foremost our priority. So, a lot of the headcount is going into the field and sales and marketing, particularly around areas where we see large growth opportunities, like the Enterprise and Omniture specifically. So, again, it's really first and foremost to help drive revenue growth. So, to the extent that we believe the revenue growth is out there, we'll invest to get that revenue growth. I'm not sure I caught the second part of your question.
Mark Garrett: Well, I mean, we kind of gave you what we think that revenue inflection looks like over the next few years and trying to get to $5 billion in 2012. So, if we're going to do that and we're committed to doing that, we've got to start to put the pieces in place and some of that's organic and some of that is inorganic like Shantanu talked about. But on the organic side, we need the capacity to drive that revenue.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I'll take that, Mike. Yes, we do. Like I've said in the past, we've taken our recurring revenue from what was 5% in 2005 to what will be close to 20% if you look at it this year. And I fully expect as we look at some of these technology companies that we're going to acquire, there will be more ratable revenue models. We'll continue to drive more ratable revenue with new businesses on our own. So, together, yes, I think we can clearly expand the ratable portion of our revenue.
Mark Garrett: Yes, so on the guidance, keep in mind that my comments were relating to the mid-point of the guidance. So to extent that you believe we would come in at the higher end of the guidance. The difference between the mid-point and the high-end is going to be driven by creative. But you are right, there is clearly seasonality in Europe, and we are trying to anticipate that, we have got back to school, which helps offset some of that. We think we will have some government growth in the government channel. And kind of when you net all that out, we think creative at least at the mid-point of the range grows slightly, we will see growth in enterprise and Omniture and then like said knowledge worker and the print businesses are relatively flat. But again, to the extent you are above the mid-point, you would see more strength in the creative side.
Mark Garrett: No, so we assume rates stay where they are and like I had mentioned, we do have some hedging benefit that we'll be able to take in Q3 and Q4 that totals about $30 million in back half of the year.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Ross, it's Mark. Yes I think a large part of that is what you just said, which is if you remember back in CS3, we timed out the launch and in CS5 it all came out at one time like Shantanu said.
