Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had an outstanding quarter, achieving revenue of $5.31 billion, representing 11% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $3.49 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.48, representing 15% year-over-year growth. Our success is driven by growing customer value through an innovative product roadmap. The advances we are delivering across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud are enabling us to attract an expanding universe of users. Everyone from creators, communicators, students, entrepreneurs and businesses of all sizes are using our products to unleash their creativity, accelerate document productivity and power their digital businesses. Adobe's highly differentiated approach to AI is rooted in the belief that creativity is a uniquely human trait and that AI has the power to assist and amplify human ingenuity and enhance productivity. We're innovating across data, models and interfaces and natively integrating AI across all our offerings. In Creative Cloud, we have invested in training our Firefly family of creative generative AI models with a proprietary data set and delivering AI functionality within our flagship products including Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom and Premiere. We're reimagining creativity for a broader set of customers by delivering Adobe Express as an AI-first application across the web and mobile surfaces. Since its debut in March 2023, Firefly has been used to generate over 9 billion images across Adobe creative tools. In Document Cloud, we're revolutionizing document productivity with Acrobat AI Assistant, an AI powered conversational engine that can easily be deployed in minutes. This enhances the value of the trillions of PDFs which hold a significant portion of the world's information. Acrobat AI Assistant features are now available through an add-on subscription to all Reader and Acrobat enterprise and individual customers across desktop, web and mobile. At the end of May, we celebrated the five-year anniversary of Adobe Experience Platform, which we conceived and built from scratch and which is on track to be the next billion-dollar business in our Digital Experience portfolio. We released AEP AI Assistant to enhance the productivity of marketing practitioners through generative AI, while expanding access to native AEP applications. With Adobe GenStudio, we're bringing together products across our clouds including Creative Cloud, Adobe Experience Manager, Workfront, Adobe Journey Optimizer and Customer Journey Analytics as well as Adobe Express for Business to address the massive content supply chain opportunity. Our approach to empower marketers to quickly plan, create, manage, activate and measure on-brand content is resonating with customers and validating our leadership across data, content and journeys to deliver personalized experiences at scale. We're extending our applications to integrate third-party text, image and video models and partnering strategically to create multi-modal large language models offering customers greater choice in tools and further enhancing the value of our leading applications and solutions. We're driving strong usage, value and demand for our AI solutions across all customer segments and seeing early success monetizing new AI technologies across our Digital Media and Digital Experience businesses. Given this rich product roadmap, focus on execution and customer demand in the first half of the year, we are pleased to raise our annual Digital Media net new ARR, Digital Experience subscription revenue and EPS targets. I'll now turn it over to David to discuss the momentum in our Digital Media business.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Dan. Adobe remains one of the greatest places to work in the industry, and I want to thank our employees for their relentless dedication to supporting our customers and communities. We continue to invest in hiring, including new college grads and interns to bring the best and brightest talent to Adobe. This quarter, Adobe was recognized among Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For, Glassdoor's Best-led Companies and the Civic 50 List of the Most Community-minded Companies in the U.S. Demand for our category-defining products and services continues to grow. Our business fundamentals and market tailwinds are strong, and we look forward to building on our momentum in the second half and beyond. Thank you, and we will now take questions.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Mark, let me start and then certainly, David and Dan can add. To your point, we had a strong quarter. And I think what's really driving the quarter, big picture, continues to be the innovation that we're delivering. And the way AI is actually making our applications both more affordable, easy to onboard as well as, frankly, higher-value users. New users are still a big driver of the growth that we continue to see in the business. On the Document Cloud side, a lot of that has to do with the introduction of AI Assistant and the fact that people are migrating to the higher-value products. And on Creative Cloud, I would say the things that we're doing on imaging with Firefly and what we've seen both in Photoshop and Lightroom. I think in the prepared remarks Dan certainly talked about what's happening with also each of the different segments. So the SMB segment actually had a strong quarter. Enterprise continues to have a strong quarter. So across the board, Mark, we actually saw strength in the business.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Alex. Again, maybe I'll start with that. And just taking a step back, I think we've talked about the platform that we have for gen AI that constitutes data, as well as models and finally, interfaces. On the models, we released Firefly services. We've started to see some customer wins in Firefly services. So they're using it for variations, and these are the custom models that we're creating, as well as access to APIs. I would say that's early in terms of the adoption, but the interest as customers say how they can ingest their data into our models as well as custom models, that's really ahead of us, and we expect that to continue to grow in Q3 and Q4. I think the biggest opportunity for us and why we're really excited about gen AI is in the interfaces, because that's the way people derive value, whether it's in being able to complete their tasks faster, whether it's being able to do new workflows. And I would say in that particular space, Acrobat has really seen a significant amount of usage as it relates to AI Assistant. And Photoshop, I'll have David again add, but Generative Fill and what we are doing there, what we are doing in Illustrator. And that both for existing customers as well as for prospects who now come in and say, the products are becoming increasingly more productive for us, that's what's really driving the value there. And last but not least, the AI-first applications. When we think of an application like Express, Express is all about reimagining what we can do for creatives by sort of leapfrogging existing technologies and providing an AI-first application. And so that's also off to a good start.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe one last thing, Alex. Sequentially, if you look at it from a route to market, Digital had a very strong quarter as it relates to what we did on adobe.com. We had talked about enterprise doing well in Q1 as well, that continued. And SMB also, the interest in our teams product also continued to do really well. So I think sequentially, I would point to SMB and Digital's strength as driving the further growth.
Shantanu Narayen: I think from a macro perspective, what I think differentiates Adobe more than any other company is how differentiated and how diverse the set of products that we have. And again, from individual consumers all the way to enterprises, our products are mission-critical. And so at this scale, it's all about execution. And the business cycles will come and go, Alex, but we're actually continuing to focus on execution and converting the pipeline and the interest and the awareness of AI into monetization. And so, we just will be ruthlessly focused on continuing to execute against that. So nothing really to report different on the macroeconomic environment from our perspective.
Shantanu Narayen: And in terms of the generation, Saket, I think we talked about it. We did a great job at MAX in London talking about some of the new functionality and releasing. Photoshop, I think we're up to 9 billion generations, and actually, I think the greatest amount of generations was in May. So the momentum clearly is the more we integrate this functionality into our interfaces, the more that usage is really driving adoption as well as retention.
Shantanu Narayen: And Gregg, as you're aware, I mean, certainly with Express, we also have the model of customer acquisition as it relates to people coming in through trial and free and then conversion. So we are seeing the interest level as it relates to Express, in particular, significant interest.
Shantanu Narayen: I would, Gregg, sort of modesty say, we've been world-class at sort of driving that for a long time now. But the team, I think, continues to do an amazing job. And I would say David referred to the DDOM. Adobe Home is now sort of increasingly the way that we're driving a lot of people to get aware of our new products. And so, I would say the mobile part as well and the mobile journeys, as we've got these mobile products, whether it's Lightroom or whether it's certainly, Express, that's an area of increasing focus for us. And the traditional sort of understanding where search terms are, I think we're getting better and better at that, which leads to way more digital traffic for us. So I think it's across the board. But I'd also highlight, I mean, the commerce team that we have at Adobe that understands what the segments are and how for those particular segments we can attract people, that's great. I mean, I think in the prepared remarks, Dan also talked about the strength in emerging markets. And I think the beautiful part about AI is that since they need access to the cloud to get all of the AI functionality, emerging market growth has been really strong for us.
Shantanu Narayen: I think you're right, Brad. When we think about what we've done with imaging and video, we've done the right thing by making sure the higher-value paid plans that people don't have to think about the amount of generative capability. And so there, the balance between for free and trialist users, they're going to run into the generative capability limits and, therefore, have to subscribe. But for the people who actually have imaging and vector needs, that they're not constantly thinking about generative, I think we actually got it right. To your point, as we move to video, expect to see different plans because those plans will, by necessity, take into account the amount of work that's required to do video generation. So you're absolutely right as a sort of framework for you to think about it. The two other things that I would say is, I mean, clearly, Express is really being driven by sort of the need for AI and how people are able to describe what they want and get the final output. When David talked about exports, just to clarify what that means is people who have successfully got what they want to get done, done. And that's a key measure of how we are doing it, and AI is certainly facilitating and accelerating that. And last thing I would say, Brad is, as you know, on the Acrobat side, it's a slightly different model which we like, which is anybody who has Reader and is looking at a document, they can have an upsell to their AI Assistant. If you have Acrobat Pro, you can upsell to the AI Assistant. And if you're a brand new acquisition of a user when you're coming in, the adoption of the highest-value products, so between Standard Pro and Pro Plus Assistant, we've been pleased to see how many people are migrating to the Pro Plus Assistant. So hopefully, that gives you some color of how we think about it differently by product.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Kash. I think there are two things when we talk to investors that are perhaps on their mind. I mean, I think the first is it's fair to say that the interest that exists right now from investors as it relates to AI is all associated with the infrastructure and chips and perhaps rightly so because that's where everybody is creating these models. They're all trying to train them. And there's a lot of, I think, deserved excitement associated with that part of where we are in the evolution of generative AI. If the value of AI doesn't turn to inference and how people are going to use it, then I would say all of that investment would not really reap the benefit in terms of where people are spending the money. And so we're always convinced that when you have this kind of disruptive technology, the real benefits come when people use interfaces to do whatever task they want to do quicker, faster, and when it's embedded into the workflows that they're accustomed to because then there isn't an inertia associated with using it. So with that sort of as a broad segment, I am a big believer that generative AI is going to, for all the categories that we're in, it's actually going to dramatically expand the market because it's going to make our products more accessible, more affordable, more productive in terms of what you -- what we can do. I'm still acting CMO at the company, and I see the excitement around how we can, with agility, create way more content, create variations. When Anil talked about personalization at scale, I think there are two aspects to it, right? I mean, the first was always data, and Anil and the team have done a great job with sort of the real-time customer data platform to get that. And that's hydrated with users. But the real value is when you infuse that with the right content to make that personalized experience. So I think the demand is there for way more content than people can do, and generative AI is going to be an accelerant in that as well. And so net-net, I am absolutely betting on the fact that five years from now, there will be more people saying, I'm using creative tools to accomplish what I want, and there'll be more marketers saying, I can now, with the agility that I need, truly deliver a marketing campaign and an audience that's incredibly more specific than I could in the past. And that's Adobe's job to demonstrate how we are both leading in both those categories and to continue to innovate. But I recognize and I understand the question that exists in the industry associated with AI. If the value doesn't accrue to interfaces, I'll leave you with that. I think the investment would not be as beneficial as I believe it can be.
Shantanu Narayen: And Jake, maybe in terms of what I would say we're seeing usage of, I think the initial usage of Firefly services in most companies was all around ideation. How can they create multiple variations of them and in the ideation process really just accelerate that ideation process? Most companies are then starting with as they're putting it into production, how can they, with the brand assets and the brand guidelines that they have, do this in terms of the variations, whether they be geographic variations or they be just variations? I mean, if you take a step back also, every single ad company right now will tell you that the more variance that you provide, the better your chances are of appropriately getting an uplift for your media spend. So I would say that most companies are starting with creating these variations for geographies. The other one that we see a fair amount of is engaging with their communities. So when they want their communities to have assets that they have blessed for usage within community campaigns, that's the other place where Firefly services are being used. And a company has a community portal where the community can come in, take something and then post whether it's on whatever social media site that you want. So I think that's the initial one. All of the agency companies are companies that have actually even publicly said how GenStudio is something that they have embraced. But even the large media companies, because the media companies are certainly interested in understanding how all of this gen AI could be used to automate as well as accelerate the amount of content that they can produce. So hopefully, that gives you some color of it. If there's been sort of the questions that they ask along the way, which hopefully and actually, luckily, we have great answers, it's all around the indemnification and how they can use it. And I would say that continues to be a really key differentiator for us. But since that is the last question, let me just say I'm proud of how we executed in Q2, both across the product innovation, delivery as well as the go-to-market because clearly, a number of you asked how we were able to put together these numbers where others have perhaps talked about the macroeconomic environment. We certainly remain focused on leveraging technology to light a broader set of customers. And at the end of the day, to the questions that we were asked, we believe that the real value of AI will be in the interfaces that individuals, enterprises use to accomplish their tasks and workflows. And we think we're incredibly well positioned. So thank you for joining us.
David Wadhwani: Yes. And just to add to a little bit of what Shantanu said, Alex. We've talked a lot about how FY 2023 was the year that AI was in the playground, and this is the year we need to bring it into production. And a lot of that is industry-wide, but we're in a pretty special position as it relates to that. So to Shantanu's point, a lot of active releases this quarter, right? Acrobat AI Assistant, Firefly updates in Photoshop, Firefly was introduced for the first time into Lightroom, Express Mobile launched, Express for Business launched. We launched Firefly services for enterprises to produce content at scale. So, as you can see, there was a ton of innovation of our core -- in our core applications around generative AI. You put that together with some of the activations that we've done at Summit, and we did at Max London and we're getting our word out very broadly. It starts to create this ability to not just look at and play with AI, but actually use it as part of your workflow. So that's been deeply integrated into everything we do. And that's the key point, the interfaces that people work out if we bring AI there, everyone becomes more productive.
David Wadhwani: Yes, it's a great question. And yes, the core has been -- from the very beginning, we've talked to you guys about our primary focus for generative AI is about user adoption and proliferation, right? And that has continued to be the primary thing on our mind. And it's the primary thing on our mind for multiple reasons. And to your point, there are many different ways that we can monetize this. First is, as you think about the growth algorithms that we always have in our head, it always starts with, as Shantanu said, new users, right? And then it's about getting more value to existing users at higher ARPU, right? So in the context of new users, first and foremost, we want to make sure that everything we're doing generative AI is embedded in our tools, starting with Express, right? So we have Express in the market. We're seeing a lot of adoption and usage of Express in the market. As that's happening, we're infusing generative AI more and more into Express in a whole host of ways. And that's really helping, everything from our marketing message for the completeness of the AI offering in there, all the way through to user engagement and success in onboarding and retention. Similarly, though, this is having the same effect in our core Creative products as well, right? The introduction of Firefly combined with some of the product-led growth work we've been doing, in particular, something called the Context Bar makes it easy for new users coming in to just be more successful out of the gate which then, of course, helps with both conversion and retention. And then with AI Assistant, the ability to sort of embed that into the purchase flow for Acrobat and get a high attach rate, we always talk about that as a would you like fries with it moment at Adobe when someone's going through the checkout flow, it's just a great way for people to say, look, this is value I want, I want to add it and buy up to the higher plans. So there are a lot of different mechanisms that we see. But by far, the strongest is going to be the fact that we are seeing people like in Creative Cloud migrating to the higher-priced plans because they include Firefly. And so we just want to get more value to these users as well.
David Wadhwani: Yes. For starters, there's a lot of buzz of Express here at Adobe coming off the event we just had earlier this week, but it's really based on the fact that the innovation in Express is on a tear, right? A few months ago, we introduced an all-new Express for the web. This quarter, we introduced an all-new Express for mobile. We introduced Express for Business. We also now have, as we've just talked about, been more deeply integrating AI features, whether it's for imaging generation or generative fill or text effects, character animation, design generations more deeply into the flow for Express. And that combination has led to an incredible set of metrics over the last quarter, in particular, but building throughout the year. Express MAU is growing very quickly. We talked about on the -- in the script earlier that MAU on mobile has more than doubled quarter-over-quarter, which is fantastic to see. And cumulative exports, if you look at year-over-year it has grown by over 80%. So really feeling good about sort of the momentum we're seeing. But if you take a step back, I think it is important to take a step back and understand our vision. Express that is now in market is built on a brand-new platform, right? And that brand-new platform lays the groundwork for the AI era. And this will be -- Express will be the place that anyone can come and create through a combination of conversational and standard inputs. That's the vision that we have. And I think it's an opportunity for us to really leap forward in terms of what we can do on the web and mobile at Adobe. And it's taken us a little time to get here. It hasn't happened overnight. But now that we are here, we are going to pour the gas on go-to-market, right? You know what we can do with our data-driven operating model. We've been ramping up what we're doing in Digital and Adobe.com journeys. We now can do the same thing and unleash all of that expertise in the mobile app store. You know what we're capable in terms of our product-led growth motions. We've now embedded Express Workflows into Acrobat Editor. We obviously have been embedding it into Creative Cloud workflows. And also, as we showed at Summit with Anil, we've embedded it into our Experience Cloud workflows as well. In addition to all of that, we're now unleashing our inside sales force to target the small/medium businesses. Our education teams are really gearing up for the back-to-school launch for K-12 and higher ed. And our field and enterprise sales now have Express for Business. So -- and we're doing all this globally, right? It's a massive market, and we're ramping up and we're ready to go.
David Wadhwani: Yes. I mean, again, I think what -- it is this mix of product innovation that we've been putting out there and the steady drumbeat of that. A lot of it getting attention because of the quality and the hooks of AI and being able to sort of bring people, onboarding them quickly and successfully into the product. And then as we talked about, the more they use these AI features, the more they retain. And we feel really good about really that whole workflow. So yes, the new user growth continues to be our primary focus. And when you add in everything we're doing with Express, we're -- again, like I said, we're off to the races and we feel very good about the momentum on new user acquisition and existing member retention.
David Wadhwani: Yes. Thanks, Keith. This is one of the areas that I think we've shared with you the complexity of the year-over-year comparisons in the first half based on prior pricing marks that we had. But more importantly, to your point, the year-over-year complexities are now behind us. And we're very excited about the momentum of the first half and how it sets us up for the second half, frankly, across both Document Cloud and Creative Cloud. Both are really momentum stories. The 478 -- the 487, sorry, just to be clear, the $487 million that we printed this time is obviously strong performance, and it implies that both CC and DC came in over what the growth -- the guide would have implied otherwise, right? So it's giving us a lot of good momentum going into the back half. Now the momentum is really driven by three things, and just I'll try to share a little bit more context here and hopefully gives you. First is new user acquisition, right? We're seeing Express starting to perform well in terms of bringing a lot of new users into the franchise across mobile and web. AI Assistant in Reader has been a really nice start for us, and we've been very pleased with how the uptake on that's going. And then Firefly itself, as I mentioned, has been increasingly more productive in terms of bringing in onboarding users and then retaining users because of the growth. We continue -- as we drive that more holistically throughout the product set, we start to see more people using it, including, as Shantanu mentioned earlier, in emerging markets. So we are seeing very good strength and usage in emerging markets, and that has certainly been a bright spot for us, which is something that obviously represents a lot of potential and upside for us. In terms of existing customers, the migration has been going very well for us as well. So, more people are moving to the higher-priced, higher-value plans because of the Firefly capabilities. We're even seeing this in enterprises where people are moving up to the highest versions of Creative Cloud, which is what we call it, Creative Cloud Enterprise 4, because they get more access to features beyond just generation. They have more collaborative capabilities beyond just kind of sharing via e-mail. And we're starting to see that create a nice momentum in upgrade cycles in the enterprise segment as well. And then certainly, let's not forget the new offerings, too. While still early, automation and content production is something that we're driving effectively in a lot of these accounts with Firefly services. So that mix of new users, existing user migration, and also the new offerings that we have in market are driving that growth formula that we talked about, which is now P times Q plus V for value with these automation systems.
David Wadhwani: And maybe one thing to add to that, Kash, just to build on what Shantanu was talking about. I think the other thing we get asked a fair amount is about the comparison between different models, right? So Firefly might be better at something. Midjourney might be something at something else. DALL-E might do something else. And the key thing here is that around this table, we get excited when models innovate. We get excited when Firefly does something amazing. We get excited when third-party models do something because our view, to Shantanu's point, is that the more content that gets generated out of these models, the more content that needs to be edited, whether it's color correction, tone matching, transitions, assembling clips, or masking composite images. And the reason for this is that this is not a game where there's going to be one model. Each model is going to have its own personality, what it generates, what it looks like, how fast it generates, how much it costs when it generates that, and to have some interface layer to help synthesize all of this is important. And so just sort of to note, we've said this before but I'll say it again here, you will see us building our products and tools and services leveraging Firefly for sure, but you'll also see us leveraging best-of-breed personalities from different models and integrate them all together.
David Wadhwani: Maybe I'll start with customer zero. Right before this meeting, I was in a meeting with our CMO. And well, sometimes it's hard to tell, he's running the CMO or CEO head, but CMO this time. And we were reviewing a full-funnel campaign that we're planning on launching later this year. And exactly as Shantanu mentioned earlier, we saw benefits in terms of cost of the campaign, faster time to market for the campaign, and the amount of content that we can create to personalize that campaign. And that is one of those things that we've been doing more and more around our DDOM, which has actually been very productive for us, as you can see this quarter, and what we're pitching to other customers. So we've been working with -- we listed some of the customers earlier, but we've been working with a long list of customers on everything from accelerating the content creation for social, accelerating content creation for regional, and then increasing the number of amount of content that's created for increased personalization, which then, of course, flows through all of the Experience Cloud products that Anil is working on to get targeted better.
