Mark S. Garrett: Sure, Walter. So a couple of things. On the Q3 to Q4 uptick for seasonality, to be honest with you, as we moved more and more to this ratable model through ETLAs and subscribers, that seasonality starts to get muted. And I think that's what you're seeing in our guidance. There's a little bit in there for digital marketing. Obviously, there'll be a bump in that business, but that's less seasonal. That's a SaaS-based model. But the typical seasonality, we're just not going to see like we used to in the perpetual business, especially as more and more people are moving off of perpetual on to the subscription model. In terms of FY '15, let me back up a minute and talk about '14 a little more, which will then kind of give you some color into '15 as well. As we said on the call, we've had a really successful move to subscriptions and ETLAs. And as Shantanu and I both articulated, customers are moving even sooner than we had anticipated. We've had success in the individual and team and the ETLAs. And as a result of that, we do see it as mix shift to greater ARR and less perpetual revenue. So what you see in Q3 and Q4 of this year is going to be representative of what you're going to see through the beginning of 2014. You're going to see a more rapid subscription and ETLA adoption. So there's going to be a quicker decline in reported perpetual revenue and then a steeper return in reported revenue as we ramp up the subscribers. We expected the Creative product family revenue is going to begin to increase sequentially by the middle of next year. And the health of the business through this transition, as we've said for a while now, is best measured by ARR. To your point on the FY '15 targets, our long-term targets are unchanged. For Creative, we still believe we'll hit 4 million subs by the end of 2015. We still believe we'll grow reported revenue on a CAGR of over 15% from '14 to '16. We still believe total Adobe revenue and earnings growth rose in '14 and beyond. So none of those long-term metrics have changed. Things are just happening faster, which is exactly what we want. The other thing to keep in mind on that 4 million target, as Shantanu alluded to the fact that some of the team subscribers are moving to ETLAs, and as a result of that, they don't show up in the subscriber count that we publish. So the 4 million would be bigger were it not for the fact that some team people are now moving to ETLAs, but we still are confident in the 4 million.
Mark S. Garrett: And just to add on to that one last time, my point was we're not raising the 4 million. We're very confident in the 4 million. We're not raising it. It's just a little too early to do that. Plus, we have this effect of team moving over to ETLA in some cases.
Mark S. Garrett: I would say exactly what you said, frankly, Brent. It's just going to keep getting bigger and bigger as we drive more and more subscribers, as we drive more ETLAs and as we drive the Marketing Cloud business, which is primarily a SaaS-based business. I don't have an exact figure for you at this point, but it will just keep getting bigger.
Mark S. Garrett: And on the ARPU, Ross, on the individual and the education side with the promos that we have in place, that's going to pull the ARPU average down. But what you've seen is through the strength of team, which is what we always anticipated in the model, that pulls the ARPU number back up, and that's why you see that ARPU has been holding up very nicely.
Mark S. Garrett: Thanks, Kash. Yes, You're exactly right. I mean, we do have 12 million out there in terms of the installed base. And the whole point of putting that slide up for you at Analyst Day was to show you that 4 million is not the end state. 4 million is a goal over the next few years. We fully believe that we will be able to drive much more than 4 million. But we wanted to put a marker out there for you in the short term to show you what we were striving towards. So we would certainly strive towards a lot more than 4 million subscribers. On the ARPU, you're also exactly right. As people renew outside of their promo for the first year, that will drive the individual ARPU up as well.
Mark S. Garrett: We still expect that full year Creative revenue would be up. It isn't likely up much, but it should be up next year, full year.
Mark S. Garrett: Units? So yes, if you mean total units for both perpetual and subscription, as Shantanu mentioned, we do see growth this year in total units.
Shantanu Narayen: And just Walter, maybe a little bit more color on Q3 to Q4 transition. We do see strength in the pipeline as it relates to both Digital Marketing as well as enterprise ETLAs, which is why we've said Digital Marketing, we expect to grow 35% at the midpoint, and ETLAs also is a very healthy pipeline.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Peter, I think you saw significant strength in our offering. There are multiple, I think, key differentiators as it relates to our solution, the first of which is both our data and our analytics platform have just significant market share. As I mentioned, the Adobe Experience Manager product is doing exceedingly well. Adobe Analytics continues to do well. And then when you add out all of the other solutions that we talked about, we do believe we have the most comprehensive offering in the market. As it relates specifically to email marketing, we think the bigger opportunity honestly is in multichannel campaign marketing. And again, there, with the acquisition of Neolane, we believe we have the strongest offering in the market. When you think about what people want, everybody is an individual. And at the end of the day, you want a campaign targeted at an individual, not just through email but also through all of the other channels that we talked about, including the web. So expect to continue to see us innovate in each of the solutions independently and across solutions. But we're really pretty confident that we'll continue to have the best offering in the market, and we're going to focus on it.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jennifer, what we had originally given on our numbers was based on the experience that we had with our perpetual offerings where individuals would buy shrink-wrapped software either through the channel or directly on Adobe.com. And enterprises would transact business with us through a variety of licensing mechanisms that we had: transaction licensing, which wasn't a commitment to buy further products from Adobe; or contractual licensing, which was a commitment to buy further products from Adobe. And we certainly had our internal estimates of -- for that licensing, whether people would move to the team option and just transact business with us on the website, or whether they would choose to actually have a contract with us through the enterprise term license agreement. What we are seeing is as a result of the comprehensive offering that we have for the Creative Cloud within enterprises and the integration with things that we have like digital asset management as well as the marketing cloud, the enterprise customers are actually choosing to transact business with us through the enterprise term license agreement, which is why both Mark and I wanted to make sure you all understood that the annualized recurring revenue, given it contains both the subscription performance as well as the ETLAs, is really a good proxy for the business. We expect to continue to see strength in individual, team as well as in enterprise, and that's why we continue to be confident of our long-term goals. But as Mark said, expect to continue to see that reflected in ARR as well.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, today in Document Services, we actually have 3 different offers. We do offer customers the ability to have perpetual, and we continue to believe that, that will have a longer tail than in the Creative business because of the variety of customers. We do offer Document Services customers the ability to both get an ETLA, and we actually did see strength in the ETLA business for Document Services as well in the quarter. Having an aligned offering between Acrobat and Creative is actually useful for our sales force as they go into an enterprise because they can sell consistent ETLA across both. And just to clarify, an ETLA is a very standard deal for all of the deals that we're talking about. It's a 3-year deal, and we recognize revenue ratably across all of the 3 years. So what you're seeing in the annualized recurring revenue does not reflect the entire transaction value that we're actually getting from the customers. But I think to answer your question, we will continue to have Document Services in the current model, perpetual model for a longer period.
Shantanu Narayen: I'd attribute it, Brent, to a couple of issues. The first issue is the awareness of our solution is certainly increasing. I think as the adoption of our various solutions is taking hold, we're certainly upselling to our customers. So we look at both new customer acquisition as well as within an existing customer, are we selling them increased solutions, and both of those are working. And I would say the comprehensiveness of our solution, I think we've done a good job as a team of adding to data and Analytics and Target and Social. And I think Adobe Campaign, also there's a lot of interest. And we're just executing. We're executing against both the platform that we're delivering to our customers, which is resonating with them, and we're executing on the field and marketing side.
Shantanu Narayen: So Ross, just to clarify, the subs exit number that we talk about, 1,031,000 in this particular quarter, it is net of attrition. Attrition is running lower than we had originally modeled, which I think is a good sign. And what we also find is that we introduce new offerings, whether it's team, enterprise, the new photography, that customers are migrating amongst these offerings. And so we're pleased so far with what we are seeing in terms of renewal rates. I do want to clarify that we also added the individual app option to the team offering, but that came in really late in the quarter. So this will really be the first quarter where people will also have the option for individual apps within the team offering.
Shantanu Narayen: I'll take the first one, Ross, and then maybe Mark can add on ARPU. As it relates to the education segment, we are seeing adoption of the individual offering by students across various categories, so that's good. We're also seeing strength, frankly, in the ETLAs where entire universities are adopting the Creative Cloud. So education, as you would expect in Q3, is one of the drivers of the Creative Cloud subscriptions.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Heather, as I think we outlined at our Digital Marketing Summit, our big opportunity really is in getting customers to really [ph] adopt the entire digital marketing cloud, and I would say that's a work in progress. I mean, the real opportunity is when you're a platform for all of the digital marketing needs that a customer has, whether it's their marketing spend, whether it's their campaigns, whether it's their social presence, it should actually represent significant uplift for us in our Digital Marketing revenue because the average number of products that our Digital Marketing customer is using is still low. We made 2 big milestones in the quarter that we just finished in. Target had a brand-new user experience. And one of the things we're doing is in the product you actually have access and visibility to all of the other solutions. So we are making them integrated, much like we did with the Creative Suite of products. So while we're not quantifying exactly what the uplift could be, we definitely see it as an area of internal focus and external growth because the average number of products per enterprise customer, we can continue to grow that quite a bit.
Shantanu Narayen: So Brad, we continue to do research on that, and all of our research shows that we continue to drive both new users to the Creative Cloud platform. These are users who have never transacted business with us before. And so whether they are brand-new users or previously they pirated products, we see a meaningful number of people who are using and adopting the Creative Cloud. We also continue to see meaningful number of people who give us the feedback that if they did not have the Creative Cloud option, they would have chosen not to transact business with us in the quarter or the year. So on both those dimensions, we continue to make progress.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Brad, I don't want to lose a single customer, and we're going to work on trying to keep all of those customers. We are seeing some migration where you may have individuals within an enterprise who tried out the individual offering, and then what happens is they actually move to the enterprise offering or the team offering. We will continue to make their assets available to them if they want to be on the free offering that we have. But it tends to be more of the monthly users, and I think what they are doing is primarily trying out the products and then hopefully, migrating to a more comprehensive version.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Matt. I -- Neolane had a scheduled conference that they had scheduled before we announced the acquisition of Neolane. And it was then absolute sellout standing room only because there was a lot of interest in what Adobe products would get integrated with Neolane. So I think the initial response from customers has been this is a no-brainer. It makes complete sense. If I can help with the orchestration of my campaign across social, which you've already had Adobe, and the web where you're a leader and now through email and voice and online and offline. So strategically, we've got very, very positive feedback. I think the next big step was earlier this month when we announced Adobe Campaign. So we've already done the hard work of rebranding the product, starting the integration, making it available as part of our user experience. So while it's work in progress, I think both the initial customer response as well as the initial integration, I think all goes well for that business.
Shantanu Narayen: Team was very successful in the quarter that we just concluded. It was the first real full quarter of having team offering from the resellers, and so we're very pleased. While it's early, the results have been really encouraging. The ETLAs are happening primarily with the Adobe internal sales force. So the resellers are helping us with presenting the team offering to customers, but the ETLA is all with our internal sales force at this point. I will also say that Adobe.com is doing quite well as it relates to the team offering. In other words, a number of the teams find that they may come to Adobe.com and the process for sign-up is quite easy. And so people are using Adobe.com also as a channel, not just for the individual product, but also for the team product.
Shantanu Narayen: So Jay, a couple of clarifications as well which you know, which is the current Document Services, in addition to EchoSign which is our digital signature solution, we also have offerings in order to enable people to create PDF, to take a PDF and save it out as Word or any other file format as well as the ability to do forms on the Acrobat.com site. In terms of reimagining Document Services to also take advantage of what's happening on mobile devices, to take advantage of the ubiquity of the Reader that we have, as well as provide new services to enable collaboration, clearly, that's in our strategic intent in order to be able to do that. I was answering the question in that I think Acrobat, we will continue to have perpetual for a longer period. But I do think we're seeing adoption of the Document Services by new customers. So both as a new customer acquisition as a growth category, you're absolutely right, as well as in ETLAs. We do think Document Services will see more ARR with new customers, with ETLAs and with the new services that we are providing.
Shantanu Narayen: Jay, it was important to us strategically to make sure that we had the single app subscription offer for teams because then teams really have the flexibility to choose. But make no mistake, it's our goal that hopefully, the teams would actually subscribe to the entire team offering, and that really is our goal. So much like for the individuals, while we offer individual products, we're really focused on getting creators to adopt the entire Creative Cloud offering. Our goal would be to do the same, which is offer the individuals. And in many cases, whether it's Photoshop or Illustrator or InDesign, there may be customers who only want individual products. But our goal, even with the team, is to have them subscribe to the entire offering.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, thank you all, again, for joining us today. I think we identified 2 growth initiatives for Adobe, which was reimagining the Creative process, leveraging the desktop, mobile apps and cloud. And it's really gratifying to see the accelerated adoption for our Creative Cloud, which is measured both by the number of subscriptions, as well as annualized recurring revenue. And surpassing 1 million subscribers was a big milestone for the company. The second growth, as well, initiative in digital marketing, which we continue to believe is an explosive growth category, growing that business 28% and successfully adding to our market-leading Adobe Marketing Cloud offering through the acquisition of Neolane was a significant milestone in the quarter. So thank you, again, for joining us, and we look forward to chatting with you soon.
