Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon. Adobe had another record Q3, achieving revenue of $4.89 billion, representing 13% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $3.05 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.09, representing 26% and 20% year-over-year growth, respectively. Driving this success is a rich and innovative product roadmap. The advances we are delivering across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud are enabling us to attract an ever-growing set of users while delivering more value to existing customers. Yesterday's exciting announcements add to this roadmap. With the commercial availability of our generative AI capabilities, natively integrated in Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Express and Adobe Experience Cloud, we are unleashing a new era of AI-enhanced creativity for millions of customers around the globe. We are bringing generative AI to life across our portfolio of apps and services to deliver magic and productivity gains. Our rich datasets enable us to create foundation models in categories where we have deep domain expertise. In the six months since launch, Firefly has captivated people around the world who have generated over 2 billion images. We are excited about the potential to reimagine the content supply chain for all businesses through the integration of our clouds, enabling the delivery of personalized and engaging customer experiences. Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document productivity and power digital businesses is driving our growth across every geography. By delivering innovative technology platforms and services, we continue to advance our industry leadership and delight a growing universe of customers. I'll now turn it over to David to share more about our momentum in the Digital Media business.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Dan. Adobe's strong Q3 results are a reflection of our team's exceptional execution. We recently lost our beloved co-founder John Warnock. John's brilliance and innovations changed the world. He was one of the greatest inventors of our generation and an inspiration to the technology industry. While we miss him tremendously, it gives me great comfort knowing that John was so proud of all of the innovation Adobe continues to deliver. As someone who shares John's passion for product and innovation, I'm exceptionally energized by the technology platforms we are delivering with AI at the center across our three clouds to delight customers. Our brand, technology and our talented employees position us for a strong close to the year and continued growth in the decades to come. Adobe's best days are ahead of us. Thank you. We will now take questions.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe Keith, just 30 seconds to add to that, for investors like you who want to make sure we're not in any way not investing in the future, we are investing on training for 3D, for video, for new forms of imaging and vectors. So, what we are confident is while we continue to invest in that, the scrutiny that Dan and his team have on other expenses, that we can continue to drive top-line growth as well as cash flow and EPS. So, I think we're unique in that respect.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Kash, maybe David and I can take the first parts of the question. And just again, for everybody on the call, I think to summarize the new offerings that we have, we've announced that we have a Firefly subscription. So, you can use a free trial number of credits, and after that, you can actually subscribe to Firefly. We have Adobe Express, which now includes an allocation of Firefly. We certainly have the Creative Cloud products and Photoshop and Illustrator that have it. We have Generation Credit Packs, and we have GenStudio for the Enterprise and to be able to deal with it. So first, I just wanted to make sure that you recognized the tremendous innovation that we're delivering associated with that. And as you know, one of the things that we have done is to really focus on both new user acquisition, which is going to be driven across all of those offerings, as well as with the price increase, given there is an allocation associated with it for existing customers, they will start to see that as they roll over and they have to renew their subscription. So, I just wanted to set that bit, and maybe then I'll ask David to add a little bit about each of these and how we see that play out.
Shantanu Narayen: And maybe Kash, just to then tie that all together, in terms of the numbers that we've given for Digital Media ARR, because you asked the question from the beginning of the year, remember, I think we guided to $1.65 billion, if you look at what it is even with our Q4 guide that I think $200 million more than that, $1.86 billion or something to that effect. And since we guided in Q3, for Q3 and Q4, $100 million. So, we continue to be really confident and we're excited about the roadmap.
Shantanu Narayen: Saket, maybe, just to give Anil and the team a lot of credit for what they actually accomplished in Q3 as well, the wins in Q3 in the enterprise actually included a lot of the components of GenStudio, both in the Digital Media as well as in the Digital Experience. So, certainly the transformational deals that we're talking about, a big part of that is the synergy between the two clouds. So, I wanted to point that out as well.
Shantanu Narayen: Two other maybe financial indicators to that, Gregg, are first the Photoshop Single App, and I think Dan referred to that. Even in the beta, that actually drove a lot of Photoshop Single App and the early indicators of how that also benefits retention in the entire book of business. So both of those are also good financial indicators of the potential of AI.
Shantanu Narayen: I think in the ETLAs specifically, Brent, both to the comments that David and Anil mentioned, the first is the amount of content that people are creating, there's a lot of interest associated with ensuring that the combination of Creative Cloud plus Express that people can really understand what they are spending on their content, as well as find ways to use AI to automate it, to localize it, to improve production costs. So, I think that message is certainly resonating with people. And the fact that Express can be a productivity application for every knowledge worker in the enterprise, much like Acrobat as well. So, I think both of those are really leading to a significant amount of great conversations. I think, mobile -- David perhaps mentioned even in his prepared remarks how mobile has been one of the tailwinds that we've seen, Brent. So, I think that's also working. So, I think investment in productivity gains is clearly top of mind right now. And both of these play well into that narrative in enterprises.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Alex, on the first question associated with how did we think about pricing, I mean, first, it's important to remember the breadth of all of the segments that we serve. In other words, how we think about K-12 all the way to the largest enterprise in the world. And I think it's fair to say that philosophically, we wanted to drive more adoption. And therefore, the pricing as it relates to what's included in the at least short run for Firefly subscriptions, Express subscriptions, GenStudio in terms of how much they can get within an enterprise is going to be the bulk of how we recognize the ARR. And I think getting that adoption and usage is where the primary focus is going to be in terms of the new user adoption, as well as for existing customers, the pricing upgrade. So that's how we think about it. We certainly need the ability to have the generative packs, but I think just getting everybody exposed to it. One of the real innovations that we did that's driven tremendous uptake in that is what we've called this context aware sort of menus within Photoshop. So, it's so front and center, you'll start to see that being rolled out in all of the other applications. So that's sort of the focus. Let's get the core subscriptions, let's get all of them exposed to it, and let's make sure that we're covering what we need to by the pricing actions that we took. So that was sort of the focus. I think on the Doc Cloud part and how we look at it, to add to again what David said, I mean, some of the things that people really want to know is how can I have a conversational interface with the PDF that I have? Not just the PDF that I have open right now, but the PDF that are all across my folder, then across my entire enterprise knowledge management system, and then across the entire universe. So, much like we're doing in creative, where you can start to upload your images to get -- you train your own models within an enterprise, [indiscernible]. The number of customers who want to talk to us now that we've sort of designed this to be commercially safe and say, hey, how do we create our own model? Whether you're a Coke or whether you're a Nike, think of them as having that, I think in the document space, the same interest will happen, which is we have all our knowledge within an enterprise associated with PDFs. Adobe helped me understand how your AI can start to deliver services like that. So, I think that's the way you should also look at the PDF opportunity that exists, just more people taking advantage of the trillions of PDFs that are out there in the world and being able to do things. The last thing maybe I'll mention on this front, Alex, is the APIs. So part of what we are also doing with PDFs is the fact that you can have all of this now accessible through APIs, it's not just the context of the PDF, the semantic understanding of that to do specific workflows. We're starting to enable all of that as well. So, hopefully that gives you some flavor. You're right, the generative credits has been designed to more for adoption right now, but we also wanted to make sure that at the high end, we were careful about how much generative credits we allow.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah, Jay, I mean, certainly I think at MAX also you'll see a bunch more of the innovation. I think first internally, I'd be remiss if I didn't start off by saying how really thrilled I am with how quickly the company has embraced the possibilities of AI, how we've run all of these betas out there at a scale that, as we have said, is unprecedented, dealing with the differentiation that we can provide, whether that's how we deal with the data, understanding the indemnification, how we embed all of this AI stuff in the interfaces, and we've already shown that in Photoshop, Illustrator, Express, as well as create the new offering. So, I think the pace of innovation internally of what we have done is actually truly amazing. I mean, relative to a lot of the companies that are out there and the fact that we've gone from talking about this to very, very quickly making it commercially available, I don't want to take for granted the amount of work that went into that. I think internally it is really galvanized, because we are our own biggest user of these technologies. What we are doing associated with the campaigns and the GenStudio that we are using, as David alluded to it, our Photoshop Everyone Can campaign, or the Acrobat's Got It campaign, or how we will be further delivering campaigns for Express as well as for Firefly, all of this is built on this technology. And we use Express every day, much like we use Acrobat every day. So, I think it's really enabled us to say, are we really embracing all of this technology within the company? And that's been a big change, because I think the creative products, we've certainly had phenomenal usage within the company, but the extent to which the 30,000 employees can now use our combined offering, that is very, very different internally. So, very pleased associated with that. And I think one way in which that manifests is that all of our product reviews right now include all three groups. So, there's very little product sort of reviews that happen without people from Creative and Document and the Experience Cloud being part of it. So that's one of them. I think the work that we have already put in on the digital excellence as part of D-DOM, that also gives us a lot of confidence of, "Now that we have this breadth of offering, how do we make sure that we can personalize the offerings?" Part of the success that was driven in this quarter, Jay, was to do with the fact that the Stock and these value-added services, I think the digital excellence team in terms of the D-DOM have really got very good at segmenting our customers and understanding how we can make sure that they have the right offering. And now think of that with all of the breadth of offerings that we have across mobile and desktop and web. So, I think internally and externally, this has been again a real sort of drinking from the fire hose of how we embrace AI. And so, I think those are really two examples of how we've done it. And the third thing I would say is that in parallel, internally we've had to really change. Where prior to this, Jay, we may have said, okay, we're really going to make all of this magic happen in one of our applications. Today, that has to happen not just within the application, which we've certainly done, but it has to happen as an API so that everybody else can use it. It has to happen as a web-only playground, which is what Firefly and Express both are. So, the simultaneous release of not just investing in the model, but making sure that's available across all the surfaces, I would say that's another thing. And the last thing I'll leave you with is you've seen this for imaging. Make no mistake, those same investments, whether it's in vector or animation or 3D or -- all of those video certainly are underway. And so, I think the parallelism associated with saying how do we embrace this opportunity, I think that's also been another big change. But I think it's clear given this was the last question before I hand it over to Jonathan that a lot of the questions have been focused on understanding right now all of our announcements and the monetization associated with it. But I did want to again sort of acknowledge that we have delivered all of this innovation at a breakthrough pace. And so, we'll certainly share more as it relates to how we see this play out. At MAX, you'll see us have more information on the products. And certainly with the 2024 targets, you'll start to get more visibility into how and why we believe this is both a growth opportunity as well as embracing new customers. So, thank you for joining us. And with that, I will turn it back over to Jonathan.
David Wadhwani: Yeah, thanks, Shantanu. Yeah, as Shantanu said, we look at the business implications of this through those two lenses: new user adoption, first and foremost, and then sort of opportunity to continue to grow the existing book of business. On the new user side, we've said this for years, our focus continues to be on proliferation. We believe that we have a massive number of users in front of us. We continue to have our primary focus being net user adds and subscribers. And so, the goal here in proliferation is to get the right value to the right audience at the right price. And if I think about the four new offerings that Shantanu teed up, I think two of them are primed to maybe be on the earlier side of that. First, on the individual side, Express. It's been in the market for over a year now, and the new release of Express is a massive step forward in terms of the abilities that it has, both -- everything from performance to support for a broader set of things beyond design, into video and into illustration, into PDF and document workflows. So, there's just a tremendous amount of new value that we've added, including generative AI into that. So, we think that Express will be an early indicator of that success that we're talking about. The second one is the work that we're doing in the DME business in conjunction with Anil on the DX business around enterprises, so GenStudio, and enabling the broad base of marketers to actually use Express in conjunction with the Creative Studio teams using Creative Cloud to really accelerate their use of and creation of content. So that really -- in the context of the short-term contributors, we think that will be really meaningful. We also expect that -- as we do this and drive new users, we expect to see a lot of new users come into the free plans. And that's going to take a little time to ramp. We'll bring them into the Adobe family, get them using the products, and ramp them to greater value over time. So, first and foremost, proliferation on new users. The second thing is going to be on the book of business. And here, we're -- basically, the pricing changes. Just as a reminder, they have a rolling impact. We're going to start them late in Q4. And we're going to start it in certain geos only. And then, we're going to have a measured rollout in new countries over the course of the next couple of years. And then certainly also as it relates to enterprise customers, the renewal timing will probably take about three years, given the multi-year contracts that we have in place. So, net-net, we see this truly as a seminal moment for how we're going to grow the business, but it's going to take a few years to play out, and we're really excited about sort of what this means for bringing new customers into the franchise.
David Wadhwani: And if I could actually just add one quick thing is that the GenStudio work that Anil team has been doing, we've actually been using that within the Digital Media business already to release some of the campaigns that we've released this quarter. So, it's one of these things that it's great to see the impact it's having on our business, and that becomes a selling point for other businesses too.
David Wadhwani: Yeah, happy to talk about that. It's been a remarkable few months. I mean, we've said a few things. First is that the viral excitement that we saw because of Firefly on social has been hugely beneficial and it's certainly driven a lot of top-of-funnel opportunity for us. In addition to that, one of the things that we were very excited about is when we integrated it into our CreativePro applications, Illustrator and Photoshop primarily, we saw over 3 million downloads of those betas -- beta applications, which is something we've never seen before. That gives you a sense of like how thirsty the existing customer base is for the generative capabilities that we have as well. And lastly, one of the things that we're very excited about, and we obviously track very carefully, is what does this do in terms of giving us access to new users that don't typically come to Adobe. And both Express and Firefly, and in particular the integration of Firefly and Express, has been a real accelerant to that. So, it's been nice to see us not just getting excitement within the current base, but seeing millions of other users coming in, that would not have typically come to Adobe for a product and then giving -- and starting their journey with Adobe through Firefly and Express.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. So from the very beginning of Firefly, we took a very different approach to how we were doing generative. We started by looking at and working off the Adobe Stock base, which are contents that are licensed and very clearly we have the rights to use. And we looked at other repositories of content where they didn't have any restrictions on usage, and we've pulled that in. So, everything that we've trained on has gone through some form of moderation and has been cleared by our own legal teams for use in training. And what that means is that the content that we generate is, by definition, content that isn't then stepping on anyone else's brand and/or leveraging content that wasn't intended to be used in this way. So that's the foundation of what we've done. We've gone further than that, of course, and we've now actually -- we've been working with our Stock contributors. We've announced, in fact, yesterday we had our first payout of contributions to contributors that have been participating and adding Stock for the AI training. And we're able to leverage that base very effectively, so that if we see that we need additional training content, we can put a call to action, call for content out to them, and they're able to bring content to Adobe in a fully licensed way. So, for example, earlier this quarter, we decided that we needed a million new images of crowd scenes. And so, we put a call to action out. We were able to gather that content in. But it's fully licensed and fully moderated in terms of what comes in. So as a result, all of the content we generate is safe for commercial use. The second thing is that because of that, we're able to go to market and also indemnify customers in terms of how they're actually leveraging that content and using it for content that's being generated. And so, enterprise customers find that to be very important as we bring that in, not just in the context of Firefly standalone, but we integrate it into our Creative Cloud applications and Express applications as well. So, the whole ecosystem has been built on that. And the last thing I'll say is we've been very focused on fair generation. So, we look intentionally for diversity of people that are generated and we're looking to make sure that the content we generate doesn't create or cause any harm. And all those things are really good business decisions and differentiate us from others.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. First of all, we are very happy with the quarter Doc Cloud had. The ending book of business grew 22% in constant currency. And the strength of that is really driven based on top-of-funnel growth. So, Acrobat on the web had a phenomenal year-over-year growth rate. We've been working very actively to get Acrobat sort of deployed with -- as plugins within the browsers. We've got a great -- we've been doing a lot of product-led growth work in the products themselves to drive link sharing, so that more and more people are not just using our products, but as they share links, we're actually able to capture more people and build growth loops. Signatures has been also doing incredibly well. So, as we've got this broad-based proliferation of our surfaces that are available and continue to grow in terms of both free and paid usage, it creates a surface area that we can introduce a lot of really interesting things into. We haven't announced anything publicly associated with gen AI directly inside of Acrobat, but I think you can fairly safely expect to hear more about that from us soon. And what makes gen AI particularly interesting as it relates to Acrobat is the distribution that we have with Acrobat. So, if Acrobat is -- and Reader are in front of hundreds of millions of people on a monthly basis, our ability to insert generative AI into their workflows, just like we've been able to really differentiate our work on generative AI in creative by inserting it into the workflows of creative folks, I think that becomes the secret sauce to how we differentiate ourselves.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. And just one thing to add to that, Alex, is that one of the things we did, first of all, it was a very thoughtful, deliberate decision to go with the Generative Credit model and the limits, as you can imagine, we're very, very considered in terms of how we set them. The limits are, of course fairly low for free users. The goal there is to give them a flavor of it and then help them convert. And for paid users, especially for people in our single apps and all apps planned, one of the things we really intended to do was try and drive real proliferation of the usage. We didn't want there to be generation anxiety put in that way. We wanted them to use the product. We wanted the Generative Fill and Generative Expand. We wanted the vector creation. We wanted to build the habits of using it. And then, what will happen over time as we introduce 3D, as we introduce video and design and vectors, and as we introduce these Acrobat capabilities that Shantanu was talking about, the generative credits that are used in any given month continues to go up because they're getting more value out of it. And so that's the key thing. We want people to just start using it very actively right now and build those habits.
David Wadhwani: Yes, absolutely. Our goal right now is for enterprises and third parties that we work with is to provide a few things. The first is this ability, obviously, to have API access to everything that we are building in, so that they can build it into their workflows and their automation stack. The second thing is to give them the ability to extend or train their own models as well. So, as we mentioned earlier, our core model -- foundation model is a very clean model that generates great content and you can rely on it commercially. We want our customers and partners to be able to extend that model with content that is relevant to them so that Firefly is able to generate content in their brand or in their style. So, we'll give them the ability to train their own model as well. And then, last but certainly not least, we'll give them some core workflows that will work with our existing products, whether it's Express or whether it's Creative Cloud or GenStudio as well, so that they can then integrate everything they're doing onto our core platform. And then, from a monetization perspective, you can imagine the metering concepts that we have for Generative Credits, extending to API calls as well. And of course, those will all be custom negotiated deals with partners and enterprises.
