Mark Garrett: You’ll see that we’ve written some disclosure in our SEC filings on this. The standard, as you know, is effective for Adobe in the first quarter of 2019. So, we have quite a bit of time until it goes effective for us. We don’t plan early adopt that we haven’t selected a transition method yet. We’re clearly evaluating the effect and the standard, and what it will do some revenue for us. We expect that revenue related to professional services in our cloud offerings, or enterprise individual and teams, would remain substantially unchanged. But again, we’re in the process of evaluating that. And as it relates to, what we would call more of an ETLA, a term-based license where software and maintenance are bundle together. Those are the arrangements that will like have some impact from the standard. But again, we have until 2019 to work through that. And as you know, we’re now selling the full could solution to the enterprise. So, that’s where we stand as of today. But clearly, more work to do and lots more time.
Mark Garrett: Clearly, from our perspective, the business is performing exceptionally well. We had a great Q1 across all the key metrics. And to your point, we provided we think are strong Q2 targets. If you remember back, we’ve guided FY ’17 the first time at Analyst Day back in November of last year. We updated it again in December with Q4 earnings. We updated it once more in January for TubeMogul. And we just don’t want to get in the habit of updating annual guidance so frequently. So, we’re very happy with the first quarter. We’re very pleased with what we were able to do from a guidance perspective on Q2. Clearly, we’ve got momentum. We just don’t want to get in the habit of updating annual guidance that frequently.
Mark Garrett: Our salary increases kick-in for the Company and that has an effect on Q2 from a cost perspective. You’ll see that every year. We continue to hire and invest in the Company. Again, we feel great about our performance in Q1 and our ability to drive leverage in the model going forward.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I mean the still biggest thing probably worth mentioning Jay, is you’re exactly right. If you look at Digital Marketing this quarter that $10 million of gross revenue recognition would flow right into COGS. So you have $10 million of revenue and $10 million of COGS. If you back that $10 million of COGS out of digital marketing, the gross profit would be exactly the same as last quarter. So, there is really no change to Digital Marketing cost of service, it's been pretty consistent. And you are exactly right it's really driven by Tube. On the Digital Media side, I think what you saw this quarter is some of the upside that you see in our revenue relative to our guidance was from a bit more perpetual product, especially on the Acrobat side. And that comes, as you know, a very, very high gross margin. So, that’s why you would have seen Digital Media gross margin better this quarter.
Mark Garrett: The revenues down sequentially mainly because in Q4 it's a very difficult time for the teams to deliver services with holidays and year-end. So, typically Q1 revenue is going to be a little bit lighter on the services side, and the cost of services doesn't change that much. So, that's why you see a little bit less on the gross margin side.
Mark Garrett: We did push-out some price increases around the world in various markets, because of FX to stay FX neutral, if you will. And the good news there is we really did not see an impact to ARR. So, that does give us confidence that down the road we're able to tweak pricing a bit. We're not taking advantage of that yet other than FX, but that was a very good sign.
Mark Garrett: With the week, I'm going to have to get back to you. The TubeMogul gross, you just take out $10 million and instead of $26 million it would have been $24 million. But I don't have the week broken out between the different businesses. It was about $75 million, we said a year ago, but we didn't split it between businesses. I don't think it's very material for Digital Marketing, to be honest with you. It's more material on the media side, that extra week; because you think about it as recognizing revenue from subscribers, it doesn't change that much from a enterprise perspective.
Mark Garrett: There is no difference on the cost side than what you’ve seen in prior years. As I just mentioned a few minutes ago, on the revenue side in Q1, we did have a little bit of the upside coming from some increased perpetual revenue on Acrobat side of the business, on the toolbar distribution deal. And that revenue upside can typically drop-down to the bottom-line pretty readily. So, that’s where you saw a bit more margin than we had guided in the first quarter. Expense wise is no real change to our trajectory, and there hasn’t been for quite some time. In terms of long-term margins, the best I can do for you right now is few things; one is we’re very focused on margin; you see that in any given quarter; you see that when we over-achieve on revenue like we did Q1. And we gave a three year model a little while back that shows what margins could look like through, at least '18. And if you looked at that model and looked at it back when we gave it to you, you would see margins up above 35%. Beyond that, we will see.
Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, I’ll take that question. I think we’re continuing to seeing good strength across each of the groups, particularly as it relates to Q1. We saw some good SMB, small and medium business, demand that continues to do well. As you know that’s the team offering, which is a higher price point offering. And especially in EMEA, we had a good quarter. I would say, Acrobat, had strong unit quarter that’s reflected both in Creative Cloud, as well as in Document Cloud. In addition to that, we continue to see good progress on retention. And so, as people migrate off the performance or the promotional pricing and get on to the full plans; and then new unit adoption, as well for the new offerings, especially the photography solution; and international continue to do well. And also, there is no question that we’re combating piracy as the ability to get boxes in most countries diminishes. So, I would say across the spectrum of the different offerings. And from an ARPU point of view, as well Sterling, I think Mark mentioned that in his prepared remarks. So, that continues to be strong as well.
Shantanu Narayen: You’re absolutely right. I think big picture, the conversations that we’re having day-in and day-out, our enterprises recognizing that digital is transforming their agenda. And then they decompose that into what are the key things that they have to do in order to use that as an opportunity rather than a challenge. And clearly from our point of view, the engagement that they do with their customers or how they deliver their experience continues to be we think one of the key ways in which people make digital tailwind rather than a headwind. And we're part of all of those conversations. I think if you talk to also the consulting companies, they're being brought in to aspirationally help all of these companies, rethink their business model processes and people. But top of the agenda for even the CEO and the CIO and CFO, is what are we doing with respect to delivering a better engaging customer experience? Next week at Summit, we'll talk a little bit more about how that expands on our vision or what we can do, and what people are asking to step up and do. But I think the way it manifests itself in the business is people are saying if it's just so key to my future, I want to bet and standardize on companies that have a comprehensive platform, which is why we're always pleased to see us being rated as the number one platform that exists for this kind of technology solution.
Shantanu Narayen: Walter, maybe I'll give you some color which we didn't touch on as another demand driver, which is in the enterprise. As you know, we are coming up on the anniversary of lot of the three year ETLAs. And the first time when we did the three year ETLAs Creative Cloud was relatively new. And so, what we were doing was in-effect providing them with subscription model that mirrored their, what I would call custom way of buying CS in the past. As those are all rolling off the first three year milestone, we are clearly selling them both on the CC complete solution as well as on services. So the number of people who are contracting for services right now, people have to get an exception to not contract for services. And so that clearly represents an increase in ARPU as well. To your point, stock had a good quarter. We continued to see growth, both in terms of the demand, as well as in terms of the inventory. Sign had a good quarter, all of them are adding. And I think what's on your minds as well as investors is, hey, is there leverage and room for price increase as we still think we're in new customer acquisition growth, we're helping people deliver value. And so, that's really what's still driving a lot of the upside in ARR with the potential to look at optimizing further out as well.
Shantanu Narayen: It's a really good question Heather, and there's no question actually in our mind that where Creative Cloud was first the door opener for us to have conversations with the enterprise. There is an increased expectation from customers that the content lifecycle that we talk about, namely, the ability for them to accelerate how they deliver campaigns or how they personalize the experience that they wish to deliver across all of these different channels, is predicated on making sure that that content from, content all the way from creation through asset management and all the way out to delivery, is more seamless than it’s ever been. So, I would say three years ago, two years ago, we were talking about that as one of the benefits. I would say today every conversation with the enterprises they see that as a differentiator for us. And the expectation is that’s how they will accelerate both the campaigns and how they will ensure personalize delivery. So, we’re seeing that whether it's in financial services, whether we are seeing retail, travel hospitality, automotive, it’s a key part of our differentiator and one that we will continue to innovate in.
Shantanu Narayen: Let me take the second first, which is, you’ll get an update as well as Summit. So we’re hoping a lot of will be at Summit. I think you’ll be pleased with how quickly we’ve been able to integrate the products. And from my point of view, the benefit with the Microsoft relationship is really customer driven. Customers are asking for integration with Azure, Power BI, as well as Dynamics. And I think the team has done a great job. But next week we’ll give you a little bit of an update on that. On the first question, as it relates to the competitors, I think we have talked about. This is a $40 billion TAM. Clearly, there are other players that you are alluding to that that are also seeing this as a market opportunity. But our track record and our winning percentage record in the areas that we’re strong continues to be excellent. I think we have a differentiated solution. And I think our vision of where we want to take this and how we want to continue to expand it, I think it still makes us a unique leader. But certainly, there are other players in this market as well Keith.
Shantanu Narayen: The way I would answer that is strategically as we look at that business, there're three things that we think we continue have to execute on to ensure that we capitalize on the opportunity that we've talked about; the first is integration within the products. I think you've seen us make some good integration with products like PhotoShop. So the ability for people to contribute and to acquire assets is built into the product. So, that's one area that we're continuing to make sure we invest. The second one that tends to be a way in which you compete effectively is the inventory. So, I think having the inventory and having the inventory across different kinds of assets, including premium and including partnerships with some of the people that you're talking about, that also helps us ensure that we're competitively, either ahead of the market or at least in line with the market. And the third one that we think about when we think about stock is how good is our technology to find the right asset, based on the intelligence that we can provide. And that's where I think you know we will demonstrate superior advantage to anything else that’s out there. Because our ability to understand these assets and, irrespective of what keyword is being used to search for a particular asset return the right. So in other words search relevance and search is going to be a key part of it. Now, I think in all three of those, we’re continuing to make great progress. And I think at MAX, we showed you a lot of really cool ways in which we will make that more relevant. It’s an area we’ll continue to invest in. So, we feel good about it Derrick.
Shantanu Narayen: You’re absolutely right. The good news is we’re absolutely mission-critical to our customers, so the level engagement that we have with these enterprises is at multiple levels, all the way from the C-Suite to all the practitioners who are using our products. I would say actually on the field side and on the partner side, we have evolved that over many areas. Where we think we have a world class organization that does that. Because it’s not just what you do internally, it's ensuring that the thousand partners that I talked about who are also partners to the companies that we’re working with are evangelizing and are promoting our products, and are educated on our projects. So I actually feel good about all of those. In some cases, you have those deals, the larger the size the time taken can increase, but that’s why we want to build a healthy pipeline and continue to execute against that. So, I feel very good about it, and that is without a doubt one of the areas where we’ve invested in over the last few years.
Shantanu Narayen: We actually feel really good about all of the technology that we have, and we were always on the lookout for small innovative companies. And I think both Mark and I have always talked about; we look for is it bringing our strategic advantage; what is the culture of the companies that we’re looking at, because we are very, very thoughtful about making sure that we continue to expand on the vision of what people want; and the third is financially whether it make sense. And so we have done some when they make sense. But we feel really good about the core value that we have, and we’ll continue to be on the lookout for things that meet our criteria in all of those; namely, continuing to expand strategically what we can do; ensuring that the culture fit is right, and financially making sense.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Kirk, from my point of view as we are going more and more to these large enterprises with solutions across the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and the Marketing Cloud, we have a quarter back model, and the named account model with this quarter back is that they are clearly bringing to bear opportunities like the ones that you are talking about. If you are in there primarily with Marketing Cloud ensuring that we sell more solutions, sale Stock, sale Sign and continue to drive the CC DLAs. And so, I think the model that we have in the field is really one of how do we comprehensively to these larger accounts ensure that they are getting the benefit of the breadth of our solutions. And to your point, in CC when we think about the CC enterprise opportunity and the conversation that we are having with those customers, we’re very much moving them from custom to complete and we are moving them from complete to complete plus services. And the service that is top of mind for as Stock. So, a good question and it's clearly one of the areas that we are focused on. And since that was the last question, I think in summary, we were really pleased with the strong start to Q1. It was an outstanding quarter, and I think the Q2 targets that we gave reflect the continued momentum in the business. But in addition to the great quarterly performance, we’re really excited about the long-term opportunities that we’ve outlined, namely the ability to empower people to create the things they want to create and to enable businesses to transform themselves. And I think we’ll continue to be unique in that, we’re one of the only companies that delivering great top line growth and bottom line earnings. We're looking forward to next week's Adobe Summit, it's our largest ever. We really hope you'll join us to hear about our vision for the future, and demonstrate both product and partner progress against that vision. But thank you for joining us today.
