Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Jonathan. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. Adobe had an outstanding third quarter. We saw strength across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud, achieving revenue of $5.41 billion, representing 11% year-over-year growth. GAAP earnings per share for the quarter was $3.76 and non-GAAP earnings per share was $4.65, representing 23% and 14% year-over-year growth, respectively. Our success reflects our strong execution against an ambitious innovation agenda to deliver value to our customers. The product advances we've launched in the past 18 months are delighting a huge and growing universe of users and enterprises, empowering them to unleash their creativity, accelerate document productivity and power their digital businesses. Our vision revolves around Adobe's deep technology platforms across Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud which, when integrated, provide significant differentiation and value. We are amplifying creativity and productivity by enabling the convergence of products like Photoshop, Express and Acrobat as knowledge workers and creatives seek to make content more compelling and engaging. We're bringing together content creation and production, workflow and collaboration and campaign activation and insights across Creative Cloud, Express and Experience Cloud. New offerings including Adobe GenStudio and Firefly Services empower companies to address personalized content creation at scale with agility and enable them to address their content supply chain challenges. Adobe's customer-centric approach to AI is highly differentiated across data, models and interfaces. We train our Firefly models on data that allows us to offer customers a solution designed to be commercially safe. We have now have released Firefly models for Imaging, Vector and Design and just previewed a new Firefly Video model. Our greatest differentiation comes at the interface layer with our ability to rapidly integrate AI across our industry-leading product portfolio, making it easy for customers of all sizes to adopt and realize value from AI. Firefly-powered features in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom and Premiere Pro help creators expand upon their natural creativity and accelerate productivity. Adobe Express is a quick and easy create-anything application, unlocking creative expression for millions of users. Acrobat AI Assistant helps extract greater value from PDF documents. Adobe Experience Platform AI Assistant empowers brands to automate workflows and generate new audiences and journeys. Adobe GenStudio brings together content and data, integrating high-velocity creative expression with the enterprise activation needed to deliver personalization at scale. Overall, we're delighted to see customer excitement and adoption for our AI solutions continue to grow and we have now surpassed 12 billion Firefly-powered generations across Adobe tools. I'll now turn it over to David to discuss the momentum in our Digital Media business.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Dan. Adobe's focus on responsible innovation, with customers at the center, continues to be a unifying purpose for the company. The Content Authenticity Initiative, which we founded in 2019, now counts over 3,300 members across the digital ecosystem, all committed to enhancing trust and transparency with Content Credentials. In five years, this mission has gone from a vision to reality with companies including Amazon, Google, Leica, Meta, Qualcomm, Sony, TikTok and others all committing to implementing Content Credentials. The US Department of Defense became the first federal government agency to implement Content Credentials by applying them to official DoD images. We're teaming up with Governor Gavin Newsom on a new initiative to boost digital and media literacy skills in K-12 schools and higher education institutions in California. By providing educational content, programming, and resources to schools across the state, we can help empower California's future workforce for success in an AI-powered world and use this as a blueprint for other states and countries. Next week, we will bring employees together for our annual Adobe for All conference to celebrate our vision and purpose and the impact that has on our customers and communities. I am confident that Adobe's culture, innovative product roadmap, global market opportunity, trusted brand and the unwavering commitment of our employees will continue to drive our success. Thank you and we will now take questions.
Shantanu Narayen: I'm happy to start Alex and then David can certainly also add to that. I mean, to your point, we had a strong quarter, when I think about Digital Media, Document Cloud to the point that you made, Acrobat continues to perform the AI Assistant, and the SKU that we have associated with Acrobat continues to perform well. As we had said, we expect Creative to show a growth-on-growth year-over-year, and so that also played out exactly as we expected. And you know it was a strong end, when you look at it as it relates to the last few weeks' performance, we saw the typical strength that we would see going into Q4. I can see how you're saying, you're looking at the sequential guide. We're looking at it and saying it's the strongest ever Q4 target that we have put out there for Q4, Alex. And so I think we just continue to focus. We would expect Creative to again grow when you talk about growth-over-growth, net new ARR in Q4. And all of the new initiatives that we're talking about, AI, et cetera, continue to perform. So from our perspective, when we look at what we guided to the second half of the year, to your point, Q3 is stronger. We expect a seasonally strong Q4 and then continued innovation should continue to drive growth.
Shantanu Narayen: Mark, maybe I'll just add a little to what David said, which was great. I spent a couple of hours with our video team. They have just absolutely hit it out of the park. I mean, the work that they've done, which is leveraging the image models with video. And again, I think to David's point, the integration with Premiere, that's what we've always said. It's the integration of the model and the application that differentiates it. I think when other models first came out, people were like, wow, you can describe it. That's just such a small part of where the value is. And the real value is you have a video, you want to extend it. It's a game changer in terms of what we can do. So really excited about the stuff that we're doing in video. And again, to David's point, this will be monetized differently from the way we have for images, which was part of the sort of base value pricing. So, the way I answer your question is, and the third thing I would say is, remember, we have the ability to create custom models as well. And so when you ingest the video that people want to edit, the ability to extend that is not just dependent on what the model is, but also on what the new data is. And again, that represents really a unique ability for us. So, hopefully all those three demonstrate why we're leading the pack in terms of how people can derive value in the nonlinear editors, which is where the action is going to be.
Shantanu Narayen: From our perspective, Keith, I think when you look at what we have with the apps and the models, we just continue to think that's uniquely differentiated. Firefly services, which is, you can think of that also as a consumption model where we have that, it's off to a really good start. Our ability to give enterprises the ability to automate content, create custom models within enterprises, we're seeing real traction because it's a differentiated solution in that it's designed to be commercially safe. And as it relates to the core subscription models, again, David said this, but I'll reiterate it, which is, the core subscription models for products like Photoshop and Illustrator, I think, the differentiation is the combination of the model and the technology. And in video, I think, we will find additional ways to monetize it. So, I'm not sure who specifically you're referring to as it relates to competition in this space, but from our perspective, it's just unique. I mean, if you look at the acceleration of what we've seen of generations in Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, it's clear that we're actually extending the value rather than having other people to catch up.
Shantanu Narayen: You're right, Keith. We're not going to give FY'25 guidance. We'll certainly share more at MAX and we would expect like we did last year that at the December earnings call, we'll give color on fiscal '25 ARR, but I'd say a couple of things. First, as it relates to again the performance of the second half because to Alex and your question, if there are questions around Q3 and Q4 and what that trend means, again, we will hope to have record net new ARR in fiscal '24, which I think is a great thing. We gave 1,950 at the end of Q2. We're clearly on track to beat that number, which we take as a positive sign. And the other thing, maybe perhaps, tactically for you folks to think about as well, as it relates to the Q4 guidance, typically, you have Black Friday and Cyber Monday in the same quarter. This time, Cyber Monday, I believe, is in Q1. And so as it relates to our Q4 performance, it's the highest target that we've ever issued. We will go out and then continue to execute and continue to innovate. So that's the way I look at the business, Keith.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe two other things, Jay, just big picture. I mean we continue to invest in all of the key long-term things, whether it's training of models, whether it's Express, whether it's AEP and apps, whether it's GenStudio, while delivering what I think are phenomenal margins. And so we'll continue to make those trade-offs in terms of growth and profitability and maybe a little tongue-in-cheek. Part of the reason why David has the ability to invest as much in marketing is he uses the best marketing technology in the world from Anil.
Shantanu Narayen: Hey, operator, we're at the top of the hour. We'll sneak in one more question and then wrap up. Thank you.
Shantanu Narayen: No, Brent. I mean I think we had a strong Q3 and we continue to see the momentum in the business. And it's our typical considered targets that we do and I focus on execution. So, we're not seeing anything as it relates to a change in the business dynamics. I also mentioned that the last few weeks of Q3, as you know, the summer seasonality ends, we saw the traditional strength that we expect to see on our web traffic. So, I think, MAX is coming up. We have an exciting agenda in terms of what we are going to be talking about in terms of MAX. And so I mean if I take a step back and think about it, given this is the last question, I mean, from my perspective, strong Q3 across every aspect of our business, revenue, EPS, Digital Media ARR, DX, Subs revenue, Acrobat certainly also continued to show the strength. We have momentum in the business and the innovation roadmap, I mean, across all of the key initiatives that we've been talking about, whether that's Express, GenStudio and the excitement that people have associated with automating all of that content, AEP and Apps on the data side, imaging and video, the work that the Digital Media team has done on Photoshop and on Illustrator and then what's coming down the pike on video. And Firefly Services, I think, the AI monetization as well, which I know is a theme of a number of people that have asked, whether it's Acrobat, whether it's the Premium SKUs as it relates to Experience Cloud, whether it's what's happening on Gen Fill and the usage of Gen Fill, Lightroom and Lightroom Mobile. I think we're clearly demonstrating how AI can both drive value for our customers and therefore, we acquire new customers and retain customers better. So, yes, it feels good. We look forward to seeing all of you at MAX and we're going to just continue to focus on innovation and delighting our customers. But thank you for joining us.
David Wadhwani: Yeah and maybe I'll just add a couple of things to what Shantanu, said. Again, just a little bit more context behind the strength in Document Cloud. Obviously, link sharing and what we've done with reader distribution across mobile, web, and desktop, that's really what continues to drive this business, and that underlying strength is going to continue not just in Q3, but it's going to be something that we're able to bet on and grow on going forward because we've got a lot of flow optimizations associated with that. As we look at Creative Cloud, again, we have a broader set of offerings than we've ever had, right? We have things like with Creative Cloud, we have higher-value, higher-priced offers, thanks to AI innovation that's happening in the base plans that are impacting how the Creative Cloud business is doing. We also have a broader set of offerings than we've ever had now with web and mobile, including Premium and lower-priced offerings that are driving more proliferation. And the blend of those two things also sort of comes into the strength of the quarter and how we see things going out. But as you look at the second half overall, we came into the second half with a strong expectation of how the second half is going to play out. And frankly, it's playing out as we expected in terms of the aggregate Q3, Q4 numbers. In terms of the specifics on timing, Q3 was a little stronger than you expected, and for a good reason given seasonality. I think a lot of that can be explained by a few deals that would have historically just closed in Q4, closing earlier than expected in Q3, and that changed the dynamic in terms of the linearity that you would typically see between Q3 and Q4.
David Wadhwani: Yes. Happy to take that. Let me just sort of take a little bit of a step back and talk about the core strategy that we have for AI and the conversion then in terms of how we think about monetization. So I think we've been incredibly consistent with what we've said dating back a year, year and a half ago where we talked about the fact that we were going to develop the broadest set of models for the creative community and we were going to differentiate the models based on quality, commercial safety, integrateability into our tools and controllability. And as you've seen very methodically over the last 18 months, we continue to bring more and more of that innovation to life. And that fundamentally is working as we've now started to integrate it much more actively into our base. If you look at it with photography, we now have in our tool generative remove, we have AI-assisted edits. In design, we have Generative Pattern, Generative Fill Shape. We have, in Photoshop, we have Gen Remove. We also have Gen Fill and I can continue on with all the generations, but we've also now started to integrate it in Firefly services for what we're enabling enterprises to be able to access and use in terms of batchwork and through APIs. If you look at sort of how that's played out, as we talked about, we're seeing accelerated use and generative credits being consumed because of that deeper integration into all of our tools. And that is playing out as we expected. When you look at then how that converts to monetization, first and foremost, we've integrated it, a lot of that value into our core products and with more value and more pricing. We're also seeing that when people use these generative features, they retain better. We're also seeing that when people come to Adobe to try our Creative Cloud applications or Express application, they're able to convert better. And so there are all these ancillary implied benefits that we're getting. But in terms of direct monetization, what we've said in the past is that the current model is around generative credits, which is, I think, where you're going with this. And we do see with every subsequent capability we integrate into the tool, total credits consumed going up. Now, what we are trying to do as we go forward, we haven't started instituting the caps yet. And part of this is, as we've said all along, we wanted to really focus our attention on proliferation and usage across our base. We see a lot of users excited about it. It's some of the most actively used features that we've ever released. And we want to avoid the generation anxiety that people feel. But we're watching very closely as the economy of generative credits evolves. And we're going to look at instituting those caps at some point when we feel the time is right and/or we're also looking at other alternative models. What we did with Acrobat AI Assistant has proven to be very effective. And so we're also considering other opportunities like having standard CC plans that have a core set of generative capabilities, but also having premium API, sorry, premium AI plans that will include things more like video and other things. So, we're very happy about the innovation that's coming. And we see the opportunity to engage very deeply in the monetization. But we want to play it out over time and proliferation continues to be our primary guide. And then lastly, in terms of quality, I don't know if you had a chance to see some of the videos we put out there, integrated directly into Premiere, also text to video, image to video, more controllability. We have also the ability now to generate not just scenes with humans and dogs and organic animals, but all these like overlays and things that creative professionals actually want to work with. And so we're very excited about the set of things that they can get out of the box and get going. And human faces and things will just continue to get better. We have a lot of great research that you'll start to see. And I hope you get to play with the models because we've taken a huge step forward there.
David Wadhwani: And then one other thing I'd just emphasize there is that the commercial safety is so important to businesses of all sizes frankly and that is something that we feel very, very, very differentiated in addition to everything Shantanu said.
David Wadhwani: The first part does. Let me try to address the whole thing. The question on subscription-heavy, it is a very strong subscription business for us already, but I'll touch on that and hopefully, I'll address your question. So first, if we take a step back and look at Document Cloud, I mean the foundation of everything we're doing here is incredibly strong and it's a machine we've had for a long time, but it continues to perform incredibly well. And what I mean by that is the platform proliferation of what we have with Acrobat and Reader. The fact that we have 40 years into this business, the rise of PDF and PDF becoming the de facto standard for content as a unstructured content as a whole is a remarkable foundation for us to be building on. And the distribution we have across desktop, web, mobile, including web extensions is really the foundation of everything we do because that becomes the top of funnel for us. You layer on top of that the fact that generative AI in general has come out where unstructured content, especially PDF unstructured content, the 3 trillion PDFs out there that we believe are out there has suddenly inherently much more value than it did a year ago. And this whole ecosystem is set up well for us. In addition to that foundation, we've also been over the course of the last few years, really transitioning the way people share because if you think about PDFs and Acrobat in general, one of the most important things people do is they produce the PDF to share it with others, often for comment and review engagement and by increasing sharing via links versus sharing as an attachment, we see a lot more engagement and interaction that we're able to benefit from and that also helps with the top of funnel and we can provide more value. Then on that platform, what we've done is with AI Assistant, we focus on consumption for the last nine months, starting with the ability to look at a single PDF and ask questions of that PDF. Then we sort of then we added support for multi-docs, so you can now have five or six PDFs that you're having a conversation with. We added support for multiple formats. So you can look at PDFs, but you can also drag in Word documents or PowerPoint documents or a link to a meeting transcript that you have. We are adding in the process of adding language support for other languages optimizations. We're now starting to work on document type optimization. So if it's a contract, we know how to optimize the results even better than if it's a marketing document. And that's all about consumption. But in addition to consumption, we're now expanding because these conversations that happen with these documents are inherently about getting some insight and then sharing that insight. We've also started to do things that you can create richer content on the back end of it. So Firefly is embedded now in Edit PDF workflows. We have the conversational content and now able to generate emails and presentations and those kinds of things. We've now embedded in the Convert PDF workflows, the ability to output to Express and create richer media outputs and you can start to see all of this stuff coming together in a very real way already, but also in the months ahead. The last thing I want to say on this too is that what's really working out well for us is that when we are outpitching this opportunity, not just in terms of the individuals that use it, but also businesses, is that we don't have any security concerns, right. Our data governance model is the same data governance model that's happened. If you have access to the documents, you can have conversations with the documents. And so it makes it a much easier thing for enterprises to adopt because there's no systemic or governance changes. And so all of that continues to drive more adoption. And as I said on the prepared remarks, Document Cloud is substantially a subscription business, but now with AI Assistant being available to subscribers and not as directly to perpetual users, we expect that to continue to transition even further.
David Wadhwani: Jay, I think, we might have to have you join our marketing organization, given how much you know about the market dynamics. But great question. And so first and foremost, again, if we're going to talk about Express, let's take a little bit of a step back and understand the dynamics of where we are in the evolution. I think what we had talked about in Q2 was that not only do we feel like we have an incredible product now, but that product is built on a brand new platform, that has the ability to develop AI functionality as a native part of that platform. So the speed of innovation that we've been adding capabilities to Express is really been a breakneck speed and we're very excited about that. Features like native integration of Firefly, so that everything that's generated here is commercially safe, which again like I said, is important to individuals and to businesses, but doing it with more control, things like style and structure match and integrated into the image viewer, the video viewer, editor and the design surfaces. So very excited about that. In addition to those basic capabilities that are so foundational, this is really the design model that we've been talking about Firefly design model. This is where it's surfacing the most, and so you combine what we're doing with templates and design model and people are able to create and they effectively get access to an infinite number of templates, right. We believe that we're moving from a template-centric, a set of tools for communicators to an AI-centric set of tools and we feel that with our design model and everything we have, we're fundamentally going to create better content that stands out ultimately. We also have great workflows that we've developed with Photoshop and Illustrator and Acrobat. And we've integrated all of this in ways that are fundamentally effective for businesses, including bulk creation and assembly capabilities. So small businesses all the way through enterprises are able to leverage this for their designer-to-marketer workflows. In addition to all of that innovation, to your point, we've really been focused on the go-to-market since last time. Since we last spoke or right before we last spoke in Q3, we expanded the offer set significantly. We've always had Express for individuals in market, but we added Express for Teams, Express for Enterprise and we just launched Express for Education, this back-to-school year with a lot better support for classrooms and teacher student workflows as well. On the marketing side, we've been ramping that very actively. It's a net new audience to Adobe. I mean, that's something to really recognize. This isn't about shifting existing audience over solely. It's about getting access to a new audience. And so for that, we have to employ both traditional means with a focus on awareness campaign, but also leveraging social, because that's where this audience is. So, you'll see us doing a lot more on social as a result. And then on the back of all that, we're ramping our direct sales. We have a very at-scale inside sales motion that we're starting to lean into. We have a very significant direct sales motion that we have in enterprises and mid-market that we're leveraging. Adobe.com journeys, we have a lot of businesses and individuals coming on Adobe.com and doing a lot more optimization in the App Store. And that's really what you're starting to see in the numbers we shared with strong usage at 70% year-over-year. Cumulative exports, strong business momentum with over 1,500 businesses sold and really great our best back-to-school season ever with millions of students now enabled on it. So, that's the foundation. And if you're, the one thing I would say is, yes, we started pouring gas on it and we're going to pour more gas on it, not less in the months and years ahead.
