Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Keith. As you said, it was a really great quarter. And we actually saw great linearity associated with the Digital Media ARR throughout the quarter as well. And as you know, we have this incredible data-driven operating model that allows us to deal with all aspects of the customer funnel from discover, which is done through our marketing attribution all the way through usage and engagement. In terms of the new customers who are coming onto the platform, mobile and communicators is a way we define that Keith are a significant portion of the new customer base. Specialists on the other hand as it relates to 3D&I. Acrobat, as we also mentioned, had a very strong offering. And so I would say the photography and video offerings are really targeting everybody from creative professionals, to communicators, to consumers as is Acrobat. But then we're also seeing some really good adoption of Acrobat across the spectrum. And in our prepared remarks, the last thing I'd say is we also talked about the revival of the Teams business. And as we all know, the small and medium business segment I think was most impacted last year. So, really pleased with it, Keith. So across product offerings, across geographies and across some of the new businesses and services as you said, we saw good strength in Q2.
Shantanu Narayen: As you point out, Alex, it was a strong quarter. And right through the pandemic, we've been talking about how the interest in our Digital Experience solutions and the belief, when I have conversations with CEOs across every single vertical is that the only way to engage with customers is going to be digital. And I think people are starting to recognize that that investment is an investment that they have to pay. So first, I think from a macro perspective, it's clear that digital transformation and within digital transformation, customer experience management is front and center as something that they want to spend money on. The second thing I would say is, the execution against our new experience platform. And both John and I touched on Customer Journey Analytics and the other services that we're building on top of that, those are clearly resonating with customers, because whether you're B2B or whether you're a B2C, you have to have the ability right now to deliver the personalized experience. So I think the second thing I would say is that the innovation that we're delivering, and the fact that we had summit, and the ability to engage with these customers, certainly I think was an accelerant for the business. The third thing I would say is the ecosystem and the ability of the ecosystem to very quickly ensure that these customers derive value from the investment that we're making. I think that helps both in terms of converting bookings to revenue, but it also helps in terms of growing the book of business with enterprises. So, I would speak to all three of them. I think if you look at our targets as well, in terms of over 20% revenue growth, close to 25% subscription revenue growth that we're seeing in that business, I think we continue to be optimistic that we have the right product that clearly meets a customer need. And, the execution in the company against that business has been strong.
Shantanu Narayen: Saket, I think we saw strength across all of the businesses. I would say that the single app business, as you know, is a really great initial funnel for us to drive the business. And so we continue to see new adoption as it relates to the single app. And then, from a revenue perspective, think of it as, the single apps is probably half the business in the quarter. And then, we use that as a funnel to drive to the all apps. So I wouldn't say there was really a dramatic difference between Q1 and Q2, I think we just continue to see the trend of attracting new customers. And then from a revenue point of view, certainly, we believe that the Creative Cloud all apps is where we both derive value for our customers and drive more ARR for us long-term.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Tyler, the way I would first start off by answering that question is by talking about the TAM, where I think we keep talking about how big TAM that is, for the entire business. And so, when you have the kind of $80 billion plus dollar TAM that we have, we just continue to be really optimistic about that business. And, from my perspective, we have the largest delever that we had. And if you look at the DX business, it's about focus on transformational accounts across all deal bands, as well as different segmentation of the market. We tend to think of the corporate market, commercial market and the strategic markets, we're seeing strength across those particular businesses. And as I mentioned earlier to a previous question, the ability to convert bookings into revenue and to upsell them to more, but what we've done with the experience platform and the ability to have all of the new services built on that, it's really very unique in the industry, because that's sort of how we look at it. And so, you should expect to see, again, Q4 be sort of the strongest close that typically happens in enterprise software. And, we're clearly on track to exceed the target for DX for the entire year, when you look at our performance in the first-half and our guide for Q3, and John's comment about expecting Q4 to be seasonally strong.
Shantanu Narayen: From our perspective, what is most exciting about the Creative Cloud and the Document Cloud business, assuming Tyler that your question is about those two parts of the business is, it's really new customer acquisition, that's really been the driver of that entire business. And we're doing that across different offerings. We're doing that across different geographies. I think the value that we provide to customers, it doesn't matter whether it's an inflationary economy or not, we continue to believe that we're deriving tremendous value for our customers. And so the conversations that happen around Adobe are around the product roadmap and innovation and attracting new customers way more than trying to, at this point, look at a price optimization, and so we have a massive TAM ahead of us. That's really the focus.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say, Brent that clearly the demand for our solutions and expertise, whether it's on content and commerce, whether it's around data and insights, whether it's around the new workflow stuff that we've done, what's exciting for us is that there's a lot of demand on the ecosystem to have us help them with training. I think you'll periodically see some of them feel like they're capacity constrained and that's a little bit more as a result of the war for talent. But overall, I think, we will continue to help support them in any way. And I think net-net it’s a good sign for the business. On the product side, we are going to really make sure that we continue to make it easier to provision, easier to use, easier to get value. And we've been seeing some good customer sentiment associated with our work on that front. So hopefully, that's an isolated incident as it relates to that SI partners ability to get it. But it's certainly true as it relates to the overall market and the ability and the interest in our solution. So I think that part is certainly true.
Shantanu Narayen: And Brent, maybe I'll just add, when we look at some of the key new categories that we're continuing to invest in, and you're seeing the results associated with it, I mean, to your question about the Real-Time CDP and the associated services, Sign, Stock, Mobile and our mobile offerings, we remarked also about 3D&I and specialist offerings associated with that. And so, it really behooves us to continue to as we always have judiciously, invest in marketing to continue to attract new customers to the platform, which will again, as John said, be seen on the sales and marketing expense. But net-net, I mean, we're really excited about the growth that we're seeing.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Kash. And I love the way all of you so far have been when we say one question, putting in a three part question. But Kash, I think…
Shantanu Narayen: It's okay. I mean, they're all good questions. And so I think first Kash on the $40 billion plus TAM as you know, we have clearly transitioned the business from Creative Cloud focused customer, to just being a Creative Cloud, the communicators, the services that we've added associated with Stock photography and Sign. And, I think we continue to have very exciting opportunities in terms of continuing to expand that TAM. And I think it all stems from design and creativity has never been more important, right. We talked about how it's the golden age of design and creativity. But for you, as a consumer, whether you're interacting with a screen at a terminal or in a retail store, or how you order something, I mean, it's all about content creation. And when you think about how much content we've all consumed in the pandemic at home, it's just gone through the roof.  And we announced the partnership with Netflix, and what we're doing with Khan Academy to make sure content creation is as seamless and productive. So I think that's driving it. And people love to say we want to be in the content and design business to personalize it, as well as a career. So I would say that's the first thing that we're certainly seeing. International expansion, we've talked about how we continue to focus on international markets. And, it originally started with dealing with piracy, but across the small and medium business TAM, as those companies are also creating a marketplace for themselves with our content management solutions, our commerce solutions, content velocity is critical there. So I think all those are clearly tailwinds for the ever increasing TAM. I think we increased it from $31 billion to $41 billion when we talked about it at the Next FA meeting. And we'll certainly update that when we have our Next. I think, as it relates to David, I'm really excited. As I said, David played a significant role in the introduction of Creative Cloud when he was here. And I think the fact that we were able to excite them and recruit them back, just I think speaks to the tremendous opportunity that he also sees for the business. And from my point of view, we have all of these unicorns within the Creative Cloud. And I'm looking to partner with David, whether it's expanding on our enterprise footprint, whether it's continuing to make sure that we get the opportunity around Sign addressed, what we are doing associated with the mobile offerings. I mean, each one of these is a large business by itself and having somebody of his caliber to continue to work with, Scott on the product side and Abhay on the Document Cloud side, it's great to have that kind of bench when we have the kind of opportunity that we have. So hopefully, that answers the question around David as well, Kash.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks for your comments on Chuck, Sterling. A number of you I know have written to me, which I appreciate the impact that each one of you also felt when you interacted with Chuck. So, I really have appreciated all of those comments. As it relates to the customer experience management questions, Sterling, I think we're in the really early innings. We have some tremendous ideas ahead of us and with Anil Chakravarthy, I'll touch on a couple. I mean, the Real-Time Customer Data Platform is just really the infrastructure for every engagement that a customer has. We touched on the Journey Optimizer, which is think about optimizing the customer journey across outbound and inbound customer touchpoints, both in physical and electronic. I mean that’s just a massive opportunity in terms of communicating, whether it's by email, whether it's SMS, whether it's any of these new platforms that emerge. The Customer Journey Analytics, my perspective on Customer Journey Analytics is, we used to do the fantastic job on web analytics, but this is increasingly becoming what is the analytics across all of the different online and offline data. And it's the way you run a business. And we're living proof of, when we talk about our DDOM, how we can use that, so I think the Customer Journey Analytics is also in terms of the ideas that we have on its infancy. And maybe the last one I'll touch on, is what we've been previewing in terms of this marketing system of record and workflow. Trillions are being spent in marketing and the process associated with rolling out those campaigns, understanding the efficacy of those campaigns, making those campaigns international. I think that all of that is really, really, ahead of us in terms of what we can do. So we're very excited. And for all of these companies, as they have to transition with what's happening in browsers, and dealing with a first-party data world or dealing with privacy concerns, all of that, frankly, is opportunities for us because we step up and enable them to engage with their customers and focus on their product offering rather than all this other stuff, because we know how to do that well.
Shantanu Narayen: One last thing, maybe on that is the B2B. I think we've always -- most people talk about this and think about the B2C business, Sterling, which is, yeah, they understand travel and hospitality, they understand retail, they understand banking, but this is now happening, where it doesn't matter what business you're in. The ability to drive from leads to revenue for a B2B business is also digital. I mean, if you're a company in the pharma industry, and you're not able to go visit doctors, and talk to them about the innovation that you're doing, it’s going to move digital. So I think there's just so much on that particular front.
Shantanu Narayen: I think they're really tied to the macro-economic environments. And I think you're seeing that the return to work, the macro-economic environment is coming back stronger than it's been across all of the customer segments. And for us, we don't view ourselves as in terms of the solutions we're providing these digital are not a stay at home or work kind of solution. They're just mission-critical, irrespective of which you have. And so, what I think we'll see is that, as people come back to work, the small and medium businesses will recognize that it's an opportunity for them to engage. So I think you'll see more investment there. I think you'll see certainly, as Europe and other parts of those economy open up that'll help. I think Japan, the level of vaccination is low, so I think as they come back to work, that's only going to lead to more optimism. And so I think when you think about consumer confidence, and you think about businesses want to invest, I think both of those are only going to be helped by a return to normalcy and a return to work. That's sort of my perspective.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks for the question, Jay. As you know, I can wax eloquent about product stuff for a long time, but let me touch on at least the two ones that you did. I think as it related to the cloud-based content management, the intent is very straightforward, which is how do you transition anybody who wishes to self-provision a cloud-based content offering. And think about, if you're a small and medium business, or if you're a large company trying to do a product campaign, you need to get a website, you need to get it localized, you need to get it up and running, you need to be able to do commerce. And so the fact that we've got this easy to provision cloud-based content management, which is the leader in the category, but in addition to that, as you mentioned, the APIs now so people can actually embed this APIs that we have for our content management solution directly. So we're very excited about that. We mentioned last quarter that it saw significant adoption. And so I think that will continue to be a driver for the business. I think, as it relates to your other question around what we are doing on the content stack, we've always mentioned that, for us content and data are the two areas where we differentiate ourselves. The asset management problem is still a problem where we have a significant amount of innovation that we're continuing to deliver. And so, we're really excited. I mean, net-net, I think Anil and the product team on the DX side, have outlined a number of initiatives. Other companies talk about a lot of the stuff, but they don't have their products integrated. They don't have the ability to seamlessly provision and so I think that's where we are going to continue to focus. And maybe an underappreciated area Jay is how easy, these are now to set up and provision and for practitioners of this business, to be really able to do it. I think your second question is a very interesting one, which is you're absolutely right, the merchant services ecosystem that Magento has, we've actually done a really good job of building that out. I mean, certainly, companies like PayPal that we've talked about, we've talked about what we can do with FedEx. More recently, there are a number of other such initiatives that are underway, some of which we're not at liberty to talk about, right yet. But I think, dealing with payments, dealing with shipping, dealing with working capital, a lot of interesting ideas where we're very well-positioned to both deliver value as well as to monetize it.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah, the way I would answer the question, first, on the Workfront stuff, I mean, it becomes -- we, I think, do a great job of talking to you about how it's going on the integration. And it's going really well. We don't break it out after a while, because it's part of so many of these large transformational deals, as well as integrated into other solutions. But Workfront is going really well, it's the basis for a lot of the workflow that we're doing across each of our solutions. And we're on track to beat the targets that we gave for Workfront. So I do want to say that that went well. I think as it relates to the overall TAM, which was your second question, we look at it as it's $80 billion plus, so there's plenty of available and I think a lot of legacy software is going to get rolled out. And so for us, it's not just about what the growth rate is in that market, people are going to recognize that having modern architecture for dealing with consumer engagement is going to become a bigger and bigger imperative. And, frankly, the smart companies are opening up their budgets to start to invest in it sooner rather than later, as we said on B2B and B2C. So, we're really pleased with the 20% plus growth that we're seeing, 25 points of subscription revenue growth, we think is really good. We want to continue to focus on subscription revenue as the true measure of that business. And I think as we continue to deliver on the innovation and product roadmap, I think, we would hope to continue to see those growth rates, even as the business grows much larger.
Shantanu Narayen: I think as it relates to your first question around Document Cloud, I mean, again, there isn't a business that is not saying, hey, how do we help automate inefficient paper-based processes. And so the value proposition of the PDF file format, the value proposition of Acrobat, as an essential productivity tool for knowledge workers, the availability of Sign, what we're doing with forms and embedded payments, I think it's the combination of all of that, whether you're, again, somebody trying to deliver vaccines for employees, or somebody trying to create a new travel authorization or expense. I mean, documents are the fundamental currency of modern business and automating that only has value. And I think our team has done a good job. We don't go to market saying, here's a Document Cloud solution, or here's an Experience Cloud solution. We go and saying, here's the use case for if you're in travel and hospitality or retail, or financial services, or pharma. And I would say, government and healthcare have also become larger customers of these kinds of solutions, because of the necessity for regulated industries, who previously may have relied on paper to say, you know what we need to get into the modern era and deal with electronic documents. So I would say, those are all the reasons and good execution, clearly on the part of our team, as we're selling increasingly at a much higher level in all of these companies. I'll let John speak and then I'll come for the close, given this is the last question.
Shantanu Narayen: And thank you all for joining us. I think from my perspective, I'm really pleased with our performance in Q2. It was an outstanding quarter. And to the question that was asked earlier, with many parts of the world returning to some sense of normalcy, that should only be good for our business, because digital is this incredible tailwind where it's just a one way street in terms of people wanting to invest. We do expect, therefore, a slight seasonality associated with our business. But we definitely have an expectation of a strong finish. And if you look at our first-half performance, if you look at our targets for Q3, and the belief in the seasonally strong Q4 finish, that's going to be another outstanding year where we are going to exceed a lot of the targets that we talked about, if not all, at the beginning of the year. We're driving bookings, we're driving revenue performance from bookings as a result of making sure people get value for it. We're driving a lot of new businesses that have become material in the company, and so the breadth of our portfolio is impressive, because digital is not just a nice to have, it's become super critical. And as I've always said, having three areas of explosive growth puts us in really rarefied atmosphere. And growing 20% plus on the top-line growing the bottom line, as impressively as we have with strong cash flow, I think really demonstrates how we're driving value for our customers and value for our shareholders. So, thank you for joining us today and have a great summer. With that, I'll pass it back to Jonathan.
John Murphy: Yeah. Thanks, Keith. When I look at the guide for Q3, it's the largest guide we've done for ARR into Q3. As we talked about last couple of quarters, last year was kind of a really strange year, right, we didn't see the seasonality we typically saw because of the pandemic and everybody being locked down. As things are starting to open up, we're anticipating kind of a return to some of that seasonality that we saw in the past. And so we've factored that into the guide. But we're really excited that we can actually target the highest ARR guide ever in Q3. So overall, great performance and we can see the momentum is still in the business.
John Murphy: Yeah, sure. Yeah, we certainly were pleased to deliver numbers like that. We had some timing of payments, for sure. And as you saw, our DSO really dropped pretty significantly quarter-to-quarter. So all that really contributed to it, as well as the timing of some large payments [Indiscernible], as well as timing of when we have some dispersions as well. So it's really -- overall just great performance for the company. And sometimes you'll see a little bit of a shift quarter-to-quarter, but we're certainly given the capability of the company and the operating leverage in the model where we are generating a lot of cash right now.
John Murphy: Yeah. Thanks, Brent. Yeah, we definitely think it will come down slightly in Q3 and Q4, as we open up. I mean, we're continuing to invest, as we talked about, we're hiring in R&D. We're definitely investing in sales and variable marketing to really drive the business and execute against the huge TAMs that we have across all three businesses. So with the momentum that we have in the business world, we will make sure that we capitalize on that momentum and invest to be able to capture it. But certainly, as things are opening up, we'll see those expenses come back online, as we more people, it'll get phased in reentry approach for us through Q3 and Q4. But certainly, business travel will start to pick up as well.
John Murphy: Yeah, and just to think about Shantanu I mean year-over-year you are going to see margin expansion went even above what our original targets were. Thanks.
John Murphy: And Jay, on the headcount commentary, just to I mean we certainly have a number of positions open, that we're actively recruiting against. But we're committed to investing to be able to capture the larger opportunity. So we're going to continue to hire in for innovation and we're going to continue to invest in sales headcount as well as leverage our ability with variable marketing to really drive performance. So, I don't think this is the time to pull back given the momentum in the business.
John Murphy: Great. Thanks, Shantanu. Thanks, Gregg. Yeah, we've been kind of talking about the last couple quarters, the gradual recovery of the SMB segment, which was hit so severely when the pandemic hit last year. And we saw that continue here in Q2, and really kind of reach that pre-pandemic level of conversion, retention, at least for sure in the U.S., and there's just tons of opportunity now as the rest of the world begins to open up as well for that to continue to improve.
