Shantanu Narayen: Well, thanks Ross. And while I won’t be updating our TAMs at this point, we are pleased with our performance and I will be happy to give you some color on how we see the opportunity ahead of us in terms of what the Creative Cloud as well as the Document Cloud. The Creative Cloud business is certainly being driven both by customer migration as well as by new customer adoption and we certainly think that’s going to be true for the document business as well. As you know, we have tens of millions of people who have bought Acrobat over the lifetime of the Acrobat product. And for the first time as we mentioned again in our prepared remarks, the number of subscription units of Acrobat actually exceeded the perpetual units. So, we are pleased with how that transition is going. The playbook is exactly the same. It’s about how do we migrate Acrobat customers to Acrobat DC. It’s about adding new services like Sign. It’s about enhancing new services that we can add to the business. But the thing I would also caution folks listening is to recognize that part of the Creative ARR that’s being driven is also already being driven by the document business. And so while we report the document segment separately, let’s already reflect that it’s actually helping not just the document business, but also the creative business. So, we are pleased with that on mobile. PDF has continued to be adopted as a wide standard, which I think also augurs well for its continued growth.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Brent, I think we continue to be the undisputed leader of the Marketing Cloud. It’s a category that we created. And I think from a unique differentiation, what we provide in terms of both the core content and analytics and all of the personalization software that we are delivering, I just – we continue to execute against that opportunity. I mean, the macro environment, Brent – I mean, people are still talking about digital disruption and how do they help create more personalized experiences for customers, and we are right in the center of that particular tailwind. With respect to the second half of the year, again, it’s playing out as we expected. We told you at the end of Q2 that we had a strong pipeline, which gave us confidence to grow approximately 20% for the year. We were actually able to close deals on an accelerated basis in Q3, which is why you saw upside to our Q3 numbers relative to the target. And we just have to keep executing the way we are, Brent. It’s not for lack of market opportunity in the marketing space and we just have to keep innovating as well. So, that’s what gives us confidence, the market leadership that we have and continued focus on execution. International expansion, I will again continue to say, is a large opportunity for us in marketing and cross-selling existing customers with new solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: I think big picture Walter, we continue to do a good job of migrating them. As you know, there was a fairly healthy cohort of CS6 customers that continues to be an opportunity for us in the U.S. And we talked about international expansion also as an opportunity. Both Japan and Germany had a good quarter. Now, when we looked at Q3, Japan and Germany grew – run rate units grew greater than the overall units, so that’s continuing to please us in terms of now seeing CS customers in those geographies migrate. Education had another great subscription units quarter, which means we are attracting that next generation of customers. When you look at overall subs in the quarter, it was a very healthy number, so we are attracting new customers to the platform, but even the migration opportunity continues to be one. I think one of the areas where we are executing well is whether you are an existing customer or whether you are a new customer, the work we are doing in terms of delivering new innovative products, what they are seeing with XD, you will see some new announcements as well at MAX that I am not going to preview here today. What we are doing with VR and video, I think that also gives a lot of people the confidence that by adopting the Creative Cloud, it is the one stop shop for all of their Creative needs. So I think that gives us continued confidence that those who haven’t migrated, they will continue to see additional value as we continue to deliver new innovation.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Kirk. I think we mentioned that when we think about big picture what’s happening in the enterprise space, if the first era was all about back office automation and the second era was about what happened with productivity or front office, we really are motivated by this notion that it’s going to be the experience business. And if you are trying to create the experience business, the only way to transform your company is by adopting an entire platform rather than piece-meal trying to buy individual products and trying to fit that together. Virtually every new logo that we get is a multi-solution deal because what they want is a complete offering that enables them to do that transformation. Given the breadth of existing customer base, certainly we are up selling all of them to multiple solutions. But whether it’s a new logo acquisition or whether it’s renewals, most of the deals are now multi-solution deals and much larger revenue to Adobe and value to the customer. So hopefully that gives you some color in terms of the number of solutions that they are all adopting and how that’s certainly migrating. To your point, it is a competitive advantage for us most definitely.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Heather. I mean if you look at the macro level and we used to sell approximately 3 million units of Creative Suite a year and if you look at the numbers right now of where we are with Creative Cloud, it’s clear that we have seen significant acceleration. Without a doubt, a large part of that acceleration is people who want Creative Cloud and are no longer pirating Creative products, but are actually as a result of the low price and the value that we are delivering using the entire subscription based offerings. So what we have done from a technical perspective already we have actually ensured that people who download the trials that once the trial expires that they don’t have access to the products. And as you know, we have also shutdown places, online websites where people could buy a repackaged box. So there is no question that we have already addressed piracy in a meaningful way. In terms of the installed base of pirates, I think the numbers for that are all over the map. But I think you can go back and look at the last numbers that we gave in terms of the addressable market and you would see that there is still significant headroom. And the last thing I will mention is I think later this year, we will also make some announcements. There are still a number of countries where we actually only sell CS6 and we are going to start to offer CC in all of those markets. And for the first time we have the ability to offer differential pricing. So this is playing out exactly as we expected. Let’s get the markets that are most developed, let’s address casual pirates, let’s hit the enterprise and then let’s now expand that into emerging markets where there was more piracy and now we have the ability to counter that, both through pricing as well as through technology.
Shantanu Narayen: Certainly some part of that, Keith is reflected in the ARR. When you think about it, Mark may have mentioned in his prepared remarks that when we think about all of the commercial offerings, the ARPU of all of the commercial offerings are increasing. And that, as you point out is a reflection of high retention rates of people who are moving off of promotions. And again, the strategy very much is let’s have promotions to bring people onto our platform. And once we deliver the value as they retain at the annual boundaries, then we get the additional revenue. So it certainly has had an impact on ARR. The same thing is also true in the enterprise. When we first introduced the enterprise offerings, we had what we would call sort of custom enterprise offering, which was more of a mirror of what they were accustomed to buying with the Creative Suite. As they all move off the 3-year cycle and they are renewing, we are definitely marketing to them the value of the entire Creative Cloud offering. And we have seen adoption of that is fairly high again, which again leads to increased revenue per customer.
Shantanu Narayen: For the most part, I would say the large enterprise offerings it’s a direct sales force in our sales force. I think if I look at that also moving forward, we are going to be providing more and more of those as self-serve on adobe.com moving forward. I mean the trend in the industry is clear whether it’s us directly or whether it’s through channel partners in addition to very motivated direct sales force. We want to reduce the friction of procuring, of expanding, of administering the Creative Cloud within enterprises. And we will continue to make that easy for people who just come to our website to start small and then grow as their organization grows. That’s very much of the vision of how we look at adobe.com.
Shantanu Narayen: And Kash, maybe the one thing I will add is we are clearly seeing the benefits of the stacking effect. When you look at the results for just Q3, I think digital media grew approximately 29%. The Creative grew approximately 39% and certainly the core Creative is growing even faster than that. So very pleased with both new customer acquisition as well as seeing the benefits of the stacking effect in the core subscription revenue stream.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we continue to see strength across all geographies, Sterling. I think in terms of trying to give some color, Japan and Germany had a good quarter. It was very interesting as Australia where as you know we started the entire process for the Creative Cloud. They had a great new unit growth and run rate and so new customer acquisition is also clearly powering the business. And hopefully those three data points give you – and Rest of World is growing. It’s just – we are seeing nice growth across all of the geographies in the run rate business. Clearly, there is more untapped opportunity in terms of international markets than they are in the U.S., no question, because in the U.S., we have seen tremendous progress. But I don’t want to give anybody the impression that in the U.S., we are not both growing new customers as well as migrating existing customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jay, I think in terms of how we as a product company continue to innovate for our customers, there is no question that Creative Cloud has been as successful as it is, because not only is it best-of-breed individual products for specific users, but the integration across all of those is unparalleled in the industry in terms of how colors or types of fonts work. Our vision for the Marketing Cloud is exactly the same, which is we are building a data platform that enables all of our products to work seamlessly together. We have made a lot of progress in that space. And the benefit for customers is certainly as they think about a campaign, as they think about customer segments it naturally flows from the analytics product to the target product to the campaign product. And in the enterprise space, we certainly see that our Marketing Cloud, while it’s a leader, we have aspirations for that not to be an island unto itself, but really to be the hub that interconnects all of the enterprise software. And so investing as you point out in these core data platforms to enable our customers to derive value and for us to continue to build a technology moat that will serve us well for many years is very much part of the strategy. And last but not least, customer expectations right now across the globe are that content flows seamlessly from our Creative Cloud into our Marketing Cloud and so we do that. The one other comment I will make you are right, there is a lot of conversation right now about machine learning and AI. It’s something that we have invested in for years. I mean, we wouldn’t be building the magic that we build in Creative Cloud or Creative Suite without very deep technology in terms of machine learning. And the reality is when we think about Marketing Cloud, it’s not about data collection, it’s all about how we are driving insight and predictive, which is another form of machine learning and that’s what’s really fueled our Marketing Cloud business. So continue to invest in deep technology across the company.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Alex, I think when, after Q2, we said as we looked at the pipeline for the second half of the year, it was a healthy pipeline. And we look at it and we have our internal expectations of what’s going to close in Q3 and what’s going to close in Q4. As you know, enterprise software Q4 is the traditionally strong quarter, which again to the question that Brent also asked earlier gives us confidence the strength of the pipeline for the numbers that we said. But I think we executed well against it. And I think it also reflects the importance of our solutions for the customers that we are serving. I mean if you are trying to move your business online, if you are trying to create a more personalized relationship with your customers sure, you can defer the decision. You are only deferring the inevitable in terms of having to invest in technology that helps you automate that process. And so I would say part of it is the offering that we have, part of it is execution that we have. And we have to just continue to be focused on it.
Shantanu Narayen: I think Alex, for years we have been talking about our platform unique advantage being the combination of data and content. And as we are enabling our customers to have these Marketing Clouds deliver more personalized experience, I think table stakes a few years ago was being to actually just collect that data to the core Web Analytics. Our business is being fueled by not just collecting the data. Our business is certainly being fueled by across campaign and across target. How are we providing a unique insight into our customers, so we have been doing this for years and I think to your point, there are a lot of people talking about it. It’s going to become something that becomes the industry buzz. We have partly been executed against that for quite a while now.
Shantanu Narayen: And Derrick, as to your question, you are absolutely right. I mean the single point of interaction in the digital world for most customers used to be the website with AEM as you pointed out. What’s becoming table stakes increasingly is having that same kind of personalized experience across all digital channels, whether you are in airlines and that’s the experience in the kiosk or a terminal, whether it’s in retail and that’s the particular experience when you walk into a retail store, whether it’s in food and functionality, whether it you are coming to a drive-in. And so what’s fueling our business is the ability to actually deliver that same experience across each of those different channels. And more specifically, what that means is as people are creating new mobile applications and using our AEM mobile solutions or as people are corresponding more with people and addressing our campaign solutions. And it’s certainly our goal to provide that single stop shop for all communication and all experience across all different channels. It’s very definitely driving it. The one product that I will again single out is Audience Manager really just continues to do extremely well in the enterprise. And I think the reason for that is all enterprises are starting off with this question who are my customers, what are the demographics and how do I set up that up. And Audience Manager is so much more than just DMV. It actually allows enterprise to start off in a business strategy and say, let me get as real clear understanding of my customers and what I am trying to deliver to them across all different touch points. So our vision of the Marketing Cloud and continuing to be the one stop shop, I think it’s paying off and you are seeing that in the results. And big picture, since that was the last question, I think we continue to focus on the large opportunities ahead of us as a company. And we are helping create the world’s content. We are helping enterprises use technology to deliver better customer value. I know Mark and I are pleased with our Q3 results. Our Q4 targets reflect the continued momentum in the business. It’s going to be able to enlist macro environment, continue to reiterate our financial targets. And as you saw, increase our EPS target for the year. And so we think we are in great shape. We remain focused on driving innovation for our customers. I again want to thank customers, partners worldwide for their commitment and to our employers – employees for continuing to drive innovation in this industry. We look forward to seeing you all at MAX. There are going to be some exciting announcements and we will have an update for you, but thank you for joining us today.
Mark Garrett: Yes. I mean, in terms – thanks, Ross. In terms of OpEx growing faster than headcount, I would say a couple of things. Number one, when you hire people during the quarter you don’t get the full effect of their expense in the quarter. They are averaged out over the course of the quarter, so you don’t get the full impact until the following quarter. And as you saw, we did add 500 heads this quarter. There is also a lot of spending that we do that’s non-headcount related, particularly in marketing, and that can come and go despite what we do from a headcount perspective. But let me comment briefly on EPS overall, because I know this will be a follow-on question. We have consistently shown that we have leverage in our model. I think Adobe has been a poster child of that for a number of years now. And with good revenue execution and good cost discipline, I think you have come to expect that from us. When we don’t have very specific short-term investment needs, you are going to see earnings upside like you saw in the back half of this year, both in Q3 and our guidance in Q4. In the longer term, we see a lot of tremendous opportunity that’s going to continue to require investment in sales and marketing. I mean, you saw that in the 500 heads that I mentioned we hired this quarter. So for the longer term, ‘17, ‘18, I would encourage you not to raise your EPS models right now. I would encourage you to recognize that we are going to continue to invest in sales and marketing and wait as we provide ‘17 revenue and earnings guidance later this year.
Mark Garrett: Yes. It’s actually both. It’s been driven by Digital Marketing bookings, but it’s also very heavily driven by ETLAs on the Creative side and on the Acrobat side. So it’s really across the board, Kirk.
Mark Garrett: Yes. Hey, thanks, Kash. I am not saying you should be more muted. I am saying just don’t get a little carried away based on what we are delivering in the second half of this year at all. Yes, we gave you guys a 3-year model a year ago that shows some pretty significant margin expansion over the next several years and we are ahead of that pace in the back half of this year. As I said because when we don’t have some short-term investment needs we can deliver that to you in the form of upside to EPS and deliver that to shareholders. You are right in 83% recurring revenue model, particularly on the creative side, you are going to over time have less cost of acquisition and you can drive more margin. On the Digital Marketing side as we have discussed, that business is a very different business. We have got a lot of variable cost that comes with that business in the form of hosted infrastructure. It’s going to be a very different margin profile. So, we have got two different businesses with two different margin profiles both growing very fast right now. But nothing has changed from our perspective about our ability to continue to drive more margin in the out years.
Mark Garrett: Hey, Jay. Yes, without a doubt, the 500 people we added roughly this quarter is the most we have added in a quarter in my recent memory and it’s all being driven by what we have been seeing for quite a while, which is our need to drive sales capacity for both Digital Media and Digital Marketing, drive more marketing and R&D as well for that matter. So, I would expect that to continue and that’s why I made the comment I did about our investment for the next couple of years. We are going to need to make sure we have got the right available funds to invest in that and drive the growth that we are trying to driving these businesses. We are driving 20% revenue growth on the Digital Media side of the business and 30% bookings growth on the Digital Marketing side. Those are pretty significant growth numbers and you have got to have the investment to drive that growth.
Mark Garrett: Yes. I will start and then Shantanu can add on. So as it relates to that. I think we have discussed this with you. I know we have discussed this with you in the past, but we want to more closely align revenue to bookings. And as a result to that, our focus has shifted more towards annual subscription value. So the field – our sales force is now compensated more towards annual subscription value. We continue to believe that we are going to hit our 30% ASP bookings growth for the year. And by doing so, that puts revenue more closely aligned to bookings.
