Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon. I'm pleased to report we delivered record revenue of $1,153,000,000 in Q4. This performance helped us achieve record revenue of $4.4 billion in fiscal year 2012. At Adobe, we're focused on 2 large market opportunities: Digital Media and Digital Marketing. 2012 was a milestone year in terms of innovation with our Creative Cloud and Adobe Marketing Cloud. We achieved great success in both these areas. In the Digital Media business, we are redefining the creative process with Creative Cloud. Through frequent product and feature enhancements, new cloud services and attractive pricing, Adobe is changing how we provide value to a broader set of customers. We will deliver customized offerings for individuals, workgroups and large enterprises. As with all successful subscription services, we're offering a free trial program. This enables an easy on-ramp and a funnel of prospects that we intend to convert to paying subscribers. Since we launched the individual Creative Cloud offering in May, we have already delivered 3 updates to the service. Earlier this year, we added Lightroom to the Creative Cloud, as well as new features for Dreamweaver and Illustrator. Since then, we have provided new HTML products, products, including Edge and Muse and this week, we delivered major feature enhancements to Photoshop and Digital Publishing Suite. We also introduced a sync and store capability, which will enable our creative customers to share and collaborate. We're now shipping Creative Cloud for teams, which includes central administration of licenses, expert support, online training and collaboration features. Creative Cloud for enterprises, which we will deliver in 2013, integrates with Digital Publishing Suite and the Adobe Marketing Cloud, with digital asset management being an obvious area of integration. We have begun transitioning enterprise customers to enterprise term license agreements, which provide them cloud services and updates to our desktop tools. Pricing for each segment is designed to reward loyal customers and aggressively transition them to the cloud. Response to the Creative Cloud exceeded our expectations, helping us grow total Creative units by over 13%. As of the end of the year, we had 326,000 paid memberships and over 1 million free Creative Cloud members. As a result, in our Creative business, we exited FY '12 with $153 million in annualized recurring revenue. Based on overwhelmingly positive customer feedback, our results to date and the roadmap of new innovation planned for the coming year, we intend to accelerate customer transition to the Creative Cloud in 2013. In Document Services, we launched Acrobat XI with newly integrated cloud services, including web contracting with Adobe EchoSign and forms creation, data collection and analysis with FormsCentral. Acrobat and these document services had record revenue in 2012. Three years ago, we embarked on a strategy to create a new business for Adobe. Through organic innovation and acquisitions, we have become a market leader in the explosive digital marketing category. Our Adobe Marketing Cloud enables marketers to deliver personalized web experiences across multiple devices, manage multichannel campaigns and optimize media monetization. We target chief marketing officers, chief revenue officers, advertising agencies, publishing executives and digital marketers with our solutions. Our 5 Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions are architected to provide best-of-breed capabilities across analytics, online targeting, media optimization, social media and web experience management. By consolidating our 30 distinct offerings, we have simplified our messaging and made it easier for customers to license and implement our solutions. In addition to innovating on the product side, we intend to aggressively evangelize the benefits of digital in the evolution of marketing. We believe Digital Marketing will be a multibillion-dollar category, and 2012 was a great year for Adobe as we established ourselves as the leader in analytics, online targeting and media optimization. In web experience management we have the fastest-growing solution in the space, doubling our market share over the past 2 years. As a result, we drove over $220 million of revenue in Q4 and achieved 35% annual revenue growth for the year. In summary, 2012 was an outstanding year of accomplishments against our strategic priorities. We enter 2013 in a strong position. Now, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. These are exciting times at Adobe. Last year, we outlined a strategy to reinvent the company and accelerate growth by focusing on the Digital Media and Digital Marketing categories. I'm pleased to report we are ahead of schedule in our transformation. We continue to be the undisputed leader in Digital Media and in just 7 months since the launch of Creative Cloud, we have over 326,000 paid subscriptions and $153 million of annualized recurring revenue. We are a leader in Digital Marketing, with the most comprehensive offering and the inside track with the marketing community. This business, which didn't exist at Adobe 3 years ago, is on pace to reach $1 billion in annual revenue. As we close the year, we see huge opportunity for Adobe ahead. The dramatic shift we are making in our business is really not different than what we've done for the past 30 years. Innovation is in our blood. It defines us and galvanizes our employees. We look forward to 2013. Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Walter, let me start off with that. And with respect to the transparency, as I think both Mark and I have said right through, we want to make sure that we provide you with the information while we go through this transition. As it relates to the cloud, I think people are really seeing the benefits of always having access to the applications and the latest applications. As I mentioned, we've actually given 3 updates already. We've introduced new services like sync and share and we've really just started, I mean, in terms of the innovation. So I think it's just a better way to stay current. I think people see the promise of having their assets in a place which they can get location independent. And so there really are no sticks, so to speak, right now. It's all about seeing that the future of creation is being delivered through the Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Peter, I mean we certainly are seeing new customer adoption. I think we referred to that statistic last time in terms of the number of new users because it is more affordable. And I think we've heard that over 30% at times would not have subscribed or would not have gone through the perpetual version but are finding that the Creative Cloud is the best option to go. I think, actually, there's again a lot of headroom ahead of us as we start to combat piracy as well and start to get those customers as part of the Creative Cloud. So at this point, we're clearly attracting new customers. I think Mark referred to the fact that for the first time in many years, we've actually grown units for the Creative business, which is exciting to see, and it just again speaks to the innovation that the teams are providing. Maybe to add to Walter's question as well, we do have information on all of the apps that are being downloaded, and the new HTML applications that were created are seeing quite a bit of downloads. We're certainly seeing the flagship products of Flash Pro, Photoshop and Illustrator and InDesign. But the new products that we're delivering as part of the Creative Cloud, whether it's Lightroom or whether it's Edge and Muse, are also seeing fairly significant adoption, which I think bodes well for us.
Shantanu Narayen: I think it's a great question, Peter, and there's no question that we are seeing quite a bit of synergy between the Creative Cloud and the marketing cloud. And the 2 places where we see that a lot is in the web experience part of Digital Marketing. That business continues to be on fire as people re-platform their online businesses. And the second area where we see that is if you have a Chief Revenue Officer who's thinking about Digital Publishing Suite. Traditionally it was just magazines that were buying Digital Publishing Suite, now you're seeing insurance companies, financial services, retail and travel all seeing it. So I think Mark and his organization are really able to go in and paint a picture of the entire content life cycle. And it's clearly working. It's also working for us in the reverse way, which is if you have our content management solution, you want to make sure that you have the latest version of the Creative products so that it can automatically put data. And as I said, we'll be also releasing digital asset management that ties them together.
Shantanu Narayen: So Adam, overall units, we do know that we added approximately 13% new units in 2012. And I think it's actually being across the board. I mean, commercial units did really quite well. We continue to see adoption of both, what you would call the perpetual version, as well as a clearly, the subscribers were materially ahead of where we thought we would be in the first 6 or 7 months. And we will continuously update what we are seeing in terms of new users, but we're certainly attracting new users to the platform.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Adam, and I think it comes from the initial success that we have seen on subscriptions has been predominantly on the individual side. The team we had a product released to our partners really late in the quarter. And so when you look at the Q4 subs number, that's all individual and we'll certainly be extending that through the team offering that's coming out -- that has come out, it's now shipping. And so that significantly enhances the number of people we can target. Similarly, geographic expansion, I think as we go through 2013, you're going to see geographic expansion in terms of the subscriptions. And frankly, I think we expect that as the innovation is increasingly cloud-based, that more and more customers are going to be doing it. We're going to have community, we're going to have training and the viral impact of people looking at it and understanding that the latest version is on the cloud we do believe will drive it. Last, we also have a funnel. I think we talked about the fact that we have over 1 million free members, and it's certainly our goal to convert them. Trials have always been the #1 way in which we have converted customers, and we believe that that's a good opportunity to go and be a world-class consumer marketing company and convert that.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Steve. So on the first question as it relates to the enterprise, it clearly is in line with our strategy to have the Creative offerings be -- rather than perpetual offerings, be term offerings. So as we are signing these enterprise-wide agreements, I think it makes a lot more sense for us to have those mid-term license agreements. It's very aligned with the subscription model. And so in Q4, we started to move to that. I think it's in our best interest. I think it's also in customers' best interest because by definition then that they have access to all of the latest upgrades as they become available. We will deliver enhanced functionality to enterprises as well in 2013, and that will be much better integration between our desktop products and what our marketing cloud provides. So certainly, there'll be more functionality. But moving to ETLAs was very much in line with strategically where we want to go. In terms of education, we did see a fair number of education subscribers. I think people are starting to adopt the Creative Cloud in education, and we saw a very healthy number of subscribers in Q4.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, I think I would say that across-the-board, the Creative Cloud we've seen interest from new users, from users of the latest version and clearly allowing people on prior versions to upgrade to the cloud, we've also seen uplift on that. As I said earlier, the number of subscribers that we saw in the first few months was significantly higher than the one that we expect. Moving forward, the good news about having them all in our customer databases is that we will be in a position to get a lot more information on what they are using to improve their customer sat which, by the way, I should say we track customer satisfaction quite a bit. And we've seen that the satisfaction of people online as part of the Creative Cloud is quite a bit higher than perpetual, so I think that bodes well for us as well.
Shantanu Narayen: The other thing I would say, Brad, is that relative to what we had talked about at the analyst meeting, we certainly believe that subscriptions are going to grow faster. It's going to come with unit growth. But also, what you consider perpetual, we do believe that that's going to transition as well faster.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Brad. So that, I was reiterating some of the statistics that we had said at the end of Q3. We do periodic surveys, we certainly understand that we're attracting new customers, and we'll give you more insight. But net-net, it's clear to us that we're driving new users, we're driving faster subscription than we had originally expected and we certainly, as we have been with all the numbers, continue to update that as we do our surveys.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Jay, if the question was around sales and distribution capacity only for the Digital Media business, we certainly are seeing more on Adobe.com. You're right, if we have the subscriber growth that we've talked about, Adobe.com will be in the billion-dollar range. I just want to reiterate that we will continue to invest in sales capacity for the Digital Marketing business. The other thing I will highlight is that even as it relates to Digital Media and subscriptions, we do expect to continue to sign a lot of online partners who will be able to drive traffic and, hence, subscribers to Adobe. And we continue to think that, that's a great way to attract customers. There's no reason why e-tail stores as well as other online services will not be a source of customers to Adobe moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So first as it relates to the Day business, which is now part of the marketing, Adobe Marketing Cloud as part of the web experience management solution, that business has been doubling. It has been really a phenomenal success for us, Jay. We both offer Day on premise so that people can have their websites behind the firewall. We've also started to offer it as managed services where we will run that website for them and we offer that as a hosted. And so I think we have the most comprehensive offering right now for online web asset management. In terms of the digital asset management, that's a component that we will deliver over and above the core web experience management solution. So we think that's actually additive to revenue and helps tie the Creative Cloud and the marketing cloud together, and that's going to be -- we're already testing it out with some customers, and it's going to be out imminently.
Shantanu Narayen: Blair, let me take that question. I think the Acrobat business has been pretty broad-based. The enterprise license agreements are actually a smaller part of the entire business. But the important thing for us in that was to make sure that we offer both the Creative products as well as the Acrobat products in one enterprise term license. As I think about modeling that business, I think for 2013, we've said you can model that at about a 5% to 7% growth. And that revenue, I think, we broke up how much would be in perpetual and how much would be going to ARR. And I would model that as growing in revenue after 2013 at that 5% to 7% and growing in ARR higher than that.
Shantanu Narayen: I think as it relates to subscriptions, it's primarily, at this point, U.S. and some countries in Europe. And it's sort of actually mirrors what you might think of as our traditional strength. That's one of the reasons why I said as we roll out the offering in other geographies, there's certainly opportunity. But you can assume that at this point, it's primarily the big markets for Adobe, which tends to be the U.S., U.K., Germany, Japan.
Shantanu Narayen: I just want to again reiterate, thank you for joining us on the call today. And there's no question in our mind that as a company, we're in significantly better shape entering 2013 than we were entering 2012. I think we had a very successful introduction of Creative Cloud. We're attracting new customers. We're creating a strong funnel for conversion, and I think we've transitioned the company to a more rapid development methodology that helps us innovate faster for our customers. I think we are broadening the customer base that we can target with Creative Cloud with the introduction of the team product, and we will extend that even further with Creative Cloud for enterprises in 2013. We're starting to transition our enterprise customers to the ETLAs, and there's no question that we're seeing synergy with the Adobe Marketing Cloud, both in the web experience management area as well as in the Digital Publishing Suite. And I think you've also seen that in Document Services, with mobile driving more PDF usage, we're actually building a really nice annuity with our Document Services. And I think you'll see that the ARR shows the health of the business that we expect to exit in 2013. And on Digital Marketing, the business is doing well, both revenue and bookings. And it's clear that it's an explosive market category where Adobe is very well positioned. I'm actually quite pleased with the introduction of the Adobe Marketing Cloud and the solution focus that we're going to take with content management, analytics, targeting, media optimization. And social had a really good quarter as well in Q4. And so as we think about entering 2013, it's with driving innovation, serving customers and having a really energized employee base. We're building a recurring revenue stream as well. Thank you for joining us today.
Mark Garrett: Yes, so the great news is we have a terrific cash balance. I talked about that. From a cash flow perspective, Walter, it is going to model, as it has, somewhat closely with non-GAAP net income. So you should expect the cash flow will be less as we go through this pivotal year in 2013 than it has been in, say, 2012.
Mark Garrett: The other thing I'd add, Steve, and this was maybe inherent in what Shantanu said is that ETLAs, from a customer's perspective, they're buying and paying for the software in a similar way to the way they will under a subscription model, so it gets them kind of more adapt to paying us on a regular basis as instead of all upfront.
Mark Garrett: Mark, this is Mark. So the 3 million is 3 million units per year that we were shipping of Creative product, and it's been relatively stable at 3 million for the past many years. And this year, we saw a 13% uplift to that unit count. On the financial model and you can go into this in detail but a very high level, yes, the primary move in earnings was driven by the transition of revenue from perpetual to subscription and to ETLAs, both together. That was worth $1.20, as I said in the script in 2013 earnings. And if you believe that there's more there that we could have driven from an earnings perspective, yes, there's a portion of that, that's cost. It's not too terribly different than where our run rate is from a cost perspective, however. So if you look at expenses, they ramped during the year and then you've got obviously the full effect of that cost going into the next year. And the other thing I'd say is that we do think it's very important to continue to invest in the business, particularly around the Digital Marketing space where it's a very hot market. We're the leader in the space, and we want to keep that 25% bookings growth and 20% revenue growth going.
Mark Garrett: Yes. So we are, Ross, more focused on the ARR number. But the average revenue per user on the individual side has been very stable. It's very consistent with what it was last quarter. On the promotional pricing, it's our expectation that those people will stay with us and start paying the higher price. That's been tested in many other businesses, and we expect that it is a very sticky product and that those people will continue to subscribe at the higher price.
Mark Garrett: So yes, Brent, you're right. This is the pivotal year, as we said, and it's very consistent with what we would expect from a transitional perspective. From here onward, from 2013 onward, revenue, margin and EPS are all going to grow, and we have tried to give you guys some transparency around longer-term growth rates for some of the revenue streams. We talked about 4 million Creative Cloud subscribers in 2015. We talked about Creative Cloud and the CS product group growing 15% on a CAGR from 14% to 16%. We talked about the marketing cloud growth continuing at 20%. And I would expect that EPS, through all that, starts to grow again, at least as fast as revenue. So we get through this year, and all those metrics get better and better from '13 onward.
Mark Garrett: Well to be honest with you, as the Digital Marketing business grows, that's an inherently lower-margin business, right? That's a complete SaaS-oriented business. It's just not ever going to be at Digital Media-type margin. So as that gets bigger and bigger, it does weigh on margins. I think we can do some things to pull more margin out of some of the businesses that we have and we're very good at that. But again, we're going to be very focused on driving EPS growth and driving that EPS growth with revenue growth, even if it means doing so at a lower margin than where we've been.
Mark Garrett: It's not the spending, Brent. It's that we're moving faster on the transition, right? We are so happy with the way this is going that we want to get through this in 2013. We want to be completely transitioned when we get through 2013 from a financial model perspective. And that is clearly more optimistic than what we thought at Analyst Day.
Mark Garrett: I see. Yes, I see. Well, so Brad, we've said for a while, and we still believe this, that we think we can drive 10% more unit growth. If you look at the 4 million, right, the 4 million is significantly above the 3 million that we said we've been shipping per year for the past several years. So when you get out to 2015 with 4 million units, that's quite a jump up from the 3 million that we've seen in the past. I think that's the -- at a high level, that's the best way to look at it.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I think the short answer is I do. I think as the cloud gets more and more adoption and as people have that viral aspect towards the cloud, both sides of perpetual full and upgrade are going to come down. And that's baked into these assumptions on subscribers, on long-term adoption and units as well.
Mark Garrett: Sure, Heather, it's Mark, I'll start out. So the big impact when you get out to '14, '15 and '16 from a revenue point of view and the reason you get that 15-plus percent CAGR is primarily 2 things. One is we're driving new units. You're shipping in essence 4 million units a year instead of 3 million units a year. And the other is you get this very nice stacking effect of the subscription model. I mean, it's the beauty of the subscription model. Obviously, people are paying you every month, month after month, nobody is skipping releases, and that stacking effect plus the new units drive a very healthy growth rate in that business. On the...
Mark Garrett: Yes, on the kind of path from here forward, revenue grows, so we will not see a dip in revenue after fiscal '13. You do get...
Mark Garrett: Well I can't do that for you frankly, Heather. But you can do the modeling at a high level based on some of the metrics we gave you, and that's why we wanted to make sure you have the 4 million subscribers in 2015. But everything does grow from here, so you won't see a revenue dip in Creative or in total Adobe from here out.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I mean right now, we've been at 80% retention rates in terms of modeling, which we think is conservative. We haven't seen churn yet for the annual people. So the big data point will come when the annual people have to renew. But we've assumed in the modeling, 80% retention.
Mark Garrett: It really comes down to Digital Marketing. It really comes down to how big Digital Marketing becomes as a percent of the total company. And I think you could look at any SaaS company in the world and see that you're just not going to get to 40% operating margins in those businesses. So it becomes a mixed question. Believe me, I think you've seen over the past 5-plus, 10-plus years that we're very focused on the cost side of the business. We pay very close attention to it. We will manage it very effectively. But I'm leery to say that we're going to go back to 40% operating margins primarily due to the mix. And again, we're going to be very focused on driving earnings per share, at least as fast as revenue.
Mark Garrett: I mean again, the challenge is that -- it's not a challenge, the way the business model works is that we're billing people monthly, so we're collecting that cash monthly. Even the annual people are getting charged on their credit card monthly, so that revenue that used to come in upfront is getting spread out over, say 2 years, if you think about they're paying roughly $480 per year. That now gets spread out over a couple of years to get back to that $780-plus that we used to get upfront. So I don't know if that helps answer your question. I think going forward, I'll look at cash flow and provide more details about kind of go-forward cash flow. I'm just frankly not prepared to do that today.
