Mark Garrett: Hey, Kirk. Yes, thanks. So, as you pointed out in Q3 of last year, we did have an unusual amount of perpetual revenue. In fact, if you normalized last year for that perpetual revenue that was kind of above and beyond, the growth this year would have been somewhere in the 20% area. So, that is the reason why you are seeing 7% instead of what would have normally been something like 20%. We are still on a path to do 20% for the year, which is what we guided to quite a while ago. So, there is no change. There is no change in implementations or any of the other factors that you mentioned. It’s really just how the quarters play out relative to perpetual last year.
Mark Garrett: Yes. So, we don’t disclose the booking number, Brent, every single quarter. But what we have said is that we are driving towards 30%. We are driving both long-term total contract value and we are focusing more and more now on annual contract value and we expect that to grow 30% this year, which is consistent with what we have been saying.
Mark Garrett: Yes, that’s right. And as we are pointing out, we are still saying we are going to grow 20% revenue this year. It just doesn’t make for a bigger Q4, but you are also getting now the stacking effect of those bookings that will start to play out in Q4.
Mark Garrett: So, let me answer that a slightly different way and I may have to get a little bit more detail for you later, Ross. But in Q1, the subscription revenue that you see that was reported had an extra week. And that week, we said on our Q1 earnings call was worth $75 million in total revenue, but the bulk of that is subscription-oriented. So, again in Q1, we had that extra week, we talked about of revenue which was worth $75 million. The bulk of that is going to be subscription-oriented revenue. So, when you look at sequentially the subscription revenue that we report from Q1 to Q2, it’s definitely muted by the fact that you had an extra week in Q1. So, there is really strong growth in subscription revenue in Q2.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Kash, it’s really driven by the extra week. Like I said, $75 million in Q1 came from that extra week. That $75 million is driven by subscription revenue, which would be both Digital Media and Digital Marketing. There is no change to the core underlying businesses. It’s really just driven by that extra week.
Mark Garrett: As Shantanu and I have both said, we expect to meet or exceed all of our FY ‘16 targets, and these are targets that we have raised after Q1. We didn’t give specific Q3 and Q4 targets. But what we are laying out now for the rest of the year is very consistent with the quarterly color we provided. And it’s also very similar to what you saw last year in terms of seasonality. There is still seasonality as it relates to revenue in Q3, Q4. So I think what you are seeing from us is exactly what we would have expected, exactly consistent with what we have been saying all year long. And it’s probably just driven by the fact that we didn’t give specific targets in Q3 and Q4.
Mark Garrett: And Heather, as it relates to OpEx, I know this has been a question on analysts’ minds for a while. We do have enough OpEx in our model, whether it’s this year’s model or the 3-year model that we have provided to make sure that we can grow the business the way we want to grow the business. And that growth is going to require sales capacity in Digital Marketing and it’s going to require marketing activities in Digital Media. And of course, we are going to constantly invest in R&D. That’s where it goes. To the extent that in any given quarter, we don’t need it and we don’t have a responsible place to put it, we are going to give it back to shareholders. And that’s what you have seen from us in the last couple of quarters. And you know over many, many years that when we control costs and don’t have a short-term need to make those investments, we will provide it back to you in the form of upside to EPS.
Mark Garrett: No, the services growth is really driven by Marketing Cloud. As we do larger engagements with customers, as we deploy multiple solutions within customers, they want us to help them get the ROI out of that purchase and they are coming to us for implementation help. That’s what’s driving the marketing consulting. And yes, Jay, I mean, obviously, I am focused on the margin in that business. It’s going to be deal specific from time-to-time. But overall, I would like to see the margins in that business continue to get better.
Mark Garrett: No. As a software company, we are going to be tied pretty tightly to headcount. OpEx is going to be tied pretty tightly to headcount. So, I think you would see them track pretty closely together.
Shantanu Narayen: And two things both Brent and Kirk, if you look at our numbers for last year it actually does have traditional and seasonal expectation to it, so Q3 and Q4. And when we gave our updated targets at the end of Q2, this was very much part of the plan. So, it’s playing out exactly as we had expected.
Shantanu Narayen: Well Brent, firstly with respect to Q2, we exceeded our ARR target that we had specified. We had expected $275 million. We came in at $285 million. And if you normalize for the 14-week quarter in Q1, you will actually see it was extremely strong performance. From the point of view of color, we said that we actually saw strength across all of the offerings as well as all of the geographies. And I think I highlighted in particular, as the 3-year ETLAs are now all coming up for renewal, the first time around, we had actually done a lot of the ETLAs as sort of custom deals. Now, we are seeing services as part of it. So, the enterprise continues to be an opportunity. International, to your point, also continues to be an opportunity. We have always highlighted Japan and Germany, which are continuing to show progress against the migration goals that we have as well as new customer acquisition. Education also continues to be an area where we are seeing interest in the Creative Suite. And I think if you see some of the announcements we made today, whether it was the new product in XD, adding virtual reality to premiere, things that we are doing with touch, there is just so much innovation possible. I think the core elements of migrating existing customers, adding new customers and adding new services, we continue to be excited about the opportunity ahead of us. And it’s actually pretty interesting that 3 years into the transition, we expect record net ARR add in 2016. I think by all accounts, that’s great performance.
Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, we were expecting multiple people would ask us that. We had a great quarter in subs, but ARR continues to be where we are focusing. No issues there whatsoever. Great quarter.
Shantanu Narayen: The other thing, Ross, I would just add is as expected, the amount of perpetual revenue that we are seeing in the Digital Marketing business is decreasing and becoming immaterial. So, I think the health of the business is driven by bookings and converting the bookings to revenue.
Shantanu Narayen: Kash, the other thing that’s really happening is from our point of view, Mark and mine, I mean and the quarters are playing out exactly as expected. And when you see the percentage of revenue right now that’s recurring, when you look at it relative to the midpoint of what we specified in Q2, it was an outstanding quarter from our point of view. And our ability to predict the revenue is actually getting better and better. And so I think when you look at some of the ranges that used to be the traditional part of our business when the amount of perpetual was different, the good news from our point of view is the business is actually becoming more predictable and we have more visibility. So it’s playing out like we have thought.
Shantanu Narayen: Walter I mean I think from our point of view, when we look at the overall opportunity, we have estimated it as approximately $27 billion. And we don’t think any single adjacency is going to impact our ability to either differentiate or continue to lead the market. I mean we have very established criteria. We look at strategic expansion, we look at cultural fit and we look at healthy financial returns. And if something meets those criteria, we will engage. If something doesn’t, we will continue to focus on our organic growth opportunities, which are outstanding. The second thing I would say is that specifically as it relates to our focus, as we are delivering the platform more and more of this actually represents a partner ecosystem. And I would suspect that commerce is on some people’s minds relative to what our strategy is. And we continue to partner with multiple companies, whether it’s IBM, SAP or Demandware, because we control the entire digital experience. And we partner with them, with Demandware, on the specific retail vertical as well as physical goods. And if you think about the much larger opportunity that exists there, it’s around non-physical commerce and we have partnerships there as well. So net, I would say we feel really good about our organic growth prospects and we will continue to be disciplined about looking at potential adjacencies.
Shantanu Narayen: No Keith, we neither saw any weakness nor do we think that there is any impact to the macroeconomic opportunity that we have in those countries. As I said, there isn’t a customer on the planet that we go visit where digital disruption is not top of mind, it’s a line item in everybody’s budget and they are all talking about how they are going to aggressively transition to digital experiences. So our conversation with them is front and center.
Shantanu Narayen: I will take the first Heather, with respect to Adobe Stock. I think the big picture opportunity has always been that the people who both contribute to the Stock ecosystem and the people who use Stock in order to create their compositions both are Adobe customers. I think when you look at the number of people who are using Adobe Stock, the percentage of them who represent – who are CC subscribers is a very high percentage. So clearly, we are targeting folks who are already have a strong affinity towards our products strategically and view this as a value added service. With respect to how we are going to market Heather, we have offerings that allow people who have a CC subscription to add a Stock subscription to that. And we also offer a complete offering, which includes both access to CC desktop applications as well as Stock. And we are seeing uptake in both of those categories in addition to the traditional on-demand business that existed in Stock. And when I look at the revenue numbers over the last three quarters, we have been seeing good growth in the Adobe Stock line item across all three quarters. So it’s leading to both revenue as well as ARPU and ARR.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Mark, we had a strong quarter in the Document Cloud. And as you know, a significant portion of what we are seeing even with the Creative customers is adoption of the new Acrobat. Adobe Sign also continues to do well, that’s represented in the Document Cloud business. So if I look at it quarter-over-quarter, that business continues to show momentum. We think there is a significant opportunity ahead of us. We have stated in the past that we have over 30 million people who have bought the perpetual or traditional version of Acrobat that represents opportunities and that the migration to subscription will be more muted overall than the Creative business. But on Adobe.com, we are actually seeing mostly adoption of the subscription version of the Document Cloud. So pleased with the business and continue to think that, that’s a growth opportunity for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Steve, you broke up a little bit. But if the question was around what we are doing with respect to cross-selling each of our clouds into enterprise customers, yes, we are seeing significant progress with that, specifically, I would say in three areas. The first area is in what we have done with mobile and combining the DPS offering with AEM mobile and now providing a one-stop shop for whether they were Creative customers or Digital Marketing customers with our mobile publishing suite. The second area is in the cross-integration between Adobe Sign as well as AEM forms thereby allowing people to automate their inefficient paper-based processes. And the third area of cross-cloud integration and selling that we are doing is in the Creative Cloud enterprise offering, where people both have access to all of the Creative Cloud desktop applications as well as asset management through our Digital Marketing solutions to improve their content velocity. So, those are the three areas where we are continuing to both see traction from our customers, cross-sell into those specific accounts and continue with innovation on an integration.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Jay. I think both of those relate to the big picture question of how are we making progress of migrating from individual solutions to customers adopting our entire Digital Marketing platform. I think the big three as it relates to solution revenue continue to be the Adobe Analytics, the Adobe Experience Manager as well as the Adobe Campaign solutions. But I think what’s really exciting about Adobe AudienceManager is that it’s one of the core services that’s helping integrate all of these other three products into a more meaningful offering to marketers and Chief Revenue and Chief Digital Officers. And the traction that we are seeing with that I think reflects the growing trend in the industry, where people don’t want to buy individual solutions, but they want to buy an entire platform that they can deploy and see the benefit of it easily. So, I think that’s the reason to highlight the success that we are seeing with AudienceManager as a core service. And with respect to your second question, I mean, we are continuing to clearly see that the multi-product solutions are being adopted and that will continue to be our focus and delivery.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think with respect to your first question on installed base migration, as you know, we don’t update those on every quarter, but I would encourage you to look at the last numbers that we had at our MAX event. And you will see there is still very significant opportunity in both migration as well as market and value expansion. And I think those numbers still show significant headroom relative to where we are today. So, I think that’s a good metric for you to look at. I think with enterprise ETLAs, 3 years ago, when we started this move of having enterprise customers license our software rather than buy it outright, we were just starting on this journey and it was nice as those 3-year terms are coming up to see that there is actually a fairly nice up-sell associated with that. People are now adopting the entire Creative Cloud. They may have only had single applications there and are adopting services. So, we certainly will continue to focus on that trend of driving significant up-sell as people come up for retention and demonstrating the value. So, we are pleased with it. And certainly from an execution point of view, we are going to focus on continuing to drive that over the next few years.
Shantanu Narayen: I think the pricing dynamic has such a different range associated with it. I mean, we are certainly – it’s very large range as a result of the size of the installed base. But I mean, as we look at it, we would like that to be greater than either the individual or the team for a number of our customers. And so it’s driving overall sort of ARR and ARPU up from what other customers might pay.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Ross thanks for asking that question. I think from my point of view as well as the management team, ‘16 is shaping up to be a great year. As you know, we raised our annual revenue target at the end of Q1 as well as our Digital Media annualized recurring revenue target. And it was good to confirm that we are on track to meet or exceed these financial targets. I am particularly pleased with the Digital Media ARR. We are 3 years into the transition. We continue to expect to add record bookings that exceed the $1 billion that we added last year. And in Digital Marketing, we continue to be the leader in this explosive customer experience category. I think most important though for me we continue to innovate in our major businesses. If you saw the announcements we have made both at Digital Marketing Summit in terms of the additions to the marketing platform roadmap as well as what we have announced both for Document Cloud and today for Creative Cloud, I think that positions us incredibly well for FY ‘17 and beyond. And from all of the questions that were asked, I mean we certainly believe that we have leverage in our model and we continue to demonstrate tremendous financial discipline on the expense – expense front and we will continue to do that. So, thank you for joining us today.
