ShantanuNarayen: Great. Keith as you pointed out, it was a strong quarter, we were pleased with the growth across the businesses. Since I suspect that there'll be a couple of people asking about digital experience, let me go into a little bit more color on that particular opportunity. And let me clarify that wasn't any impact associated with macro. The interest from enterprises all sizes, different verticals in our comprehensive solutions remains incredibly strong. And even if you look at the targets that we've provided, it's clear that we are delivering strong revenue growth while actually accelerating the subscription bookings year-over-year on what is a much larger book of business because we do an apples-to-apples comparison. I think as you think about Q3, it's clear we have leading solutions in the first mile and the last mile. So Adobe Experience Manager campaign and Magento had strong growth. The Magento acquisition’s been viewed exceedingly well by customers. It's clearly very strategic and we grew the book of business greater than 40% in Q3. And actually have done a really good job of taking Magento into the enterprise. The other part that we're absolutely clear about is that there's a new generation of enterprise software that's going to emerge which will be required to digitally engage with customers across all these multiple channels. What it has to do is deliver first mile content experiences, that’s the content and commerce piece. It has to segment audiences now in real time across multiple channels. You have to do customer journey management and orchestration and you have to provide data and insights to enable these AI services. We've been focused on this opportunity just like we created the digital marketing category. We believe this is absolutely crucial for the experience business and so we built the Adobe experience platform from scratch to deliver what we call DDOM in terms of how we run our own digital business. Customers are really excited. It's the first software actually that exists that's designed to specifically integrate the needs of the CMO, the Chief Revenue Officer and the CIO. So our strategy with the Adobe Experience platform is that we want to actually augment the analytics capability, the audience manager capability with what we are doing with these new services as well as the real-time CDP in the market. We're really excited about the multiple installations that we have as well as the interest globally. You can argue we were maybe a tad aggressive, Keith, about the timing adoption, but this phase shift that we've seen in no way diminishes the magnitude of the opportunity or my belief in the lead that we have. And so as I think about the business, as we think about the targets, we're leading in this particular category. We saw as I said some delays in the bookings, but that has in no way changed our excitement and optimism about the business. So hopefully that helps give you some color associated with each of the businesses. The last thing I would say is that we talked about Marketo specifically. And there I would say our natural inclination was to perhaps focus our aspirations on the enterprise business, serve our existing customers that's going well. Mid market continues to be a huge growth opportunity. We have the leading product in that space and much like we drove growth in the Magento business; our focus will now be the same on Magento as well as Marketo. And so we've created a unified organization; it's going to drive - align demand generation, customer support. We have the right individuals in the field. It's organized the right way. So I'm excited about that as well. I know I was a little long, but I thought I'd just give you color associated with all of those businesses. And again the Adobe Experience platform that is really our platform that deals with future of what we are doing around analytic services, what we are doing around campaign services. And so when bookings are light you certainly see some impact on consulting as well.
ShantanuNarayen: Sure, Kirk. And yes when we look at digital media ARR both across the creative as well as the document business, we just continue to see strength. If you look at our targets for the combined year, I mean it's clear that driving approximately $1.6 billion of net new digital media ARR. Creativity and design have never been important. A couple of points; the first is mobile. What we've been doing with the mobile applications and having mobile be an on-ramp especially in international as well as key emerging markets. What we've seen with the Lightroom system that we've developed photography is such a universal phenomenon and Lightroom's a great product. So we're driving adoption across a couple of dimensions. The first is the number of people who come in from mobile and only buy a mobile subscription through an app store. The people who come in through mobile but then realize that there's more to Adobe's creative offerings and then come in and download a desktop application as well as then adopted. We're seeing significant growth for document cloud also in these international markets as they are migrating from the perpetual version of the product as well as engaging on the web. This is something that we started to talk about which is people just coming from a web; they want to create a PDF; they want to export PDF. That's seeing traction. So and frankly Stock we actually did some really interesting work with Stock. Stock was a primarily a US product but as you have more international content, as you have the search capabilities available, so the services revenue is also increasing. So just across the board as we talk about new customer acquisition, as we talk about focus on engagement, mobile certainly has momentum and services like Adobe Stock both in the US as well as international. And the last thing I'll say is that the DDOM that we have really gives us insight into what's effective in those markets. So rather than have a one-size-fits-all where we spend our money digitally, how we engage with our customers; how do we price the products appropriately. China is again seeing really good growth as it relates to our team offering and creative cloud. And so across the board, it just reflects creativity as important and we're the leader.
ShantanuNarayen: Well, couple of questions in there, Brent. And the first one is I would say as I pointed out at the beginning, we're growing our subscription book of business which is a much larger subscription book of business greater in 2019 that we did in 2018. So I think putting that in perspective, I would say clearly with the mid market our motion was perhaps a lot more in the enterprise. We saw tremendous success with Magento in the enterprise and creating a demand generation machine. I think having that aligned organization part of what I've done is I've been running this business is to align all of them quicker. I wish I'd done it even earlier in terms of having a combined Magento and Marketo mid market offering because that demand generation is a machine. So I'm confident that we'll see improvements as a result of those organizational changes. And the Adobe Experience platform when you look at it, Brent, nobody's delivered something like this. It is so innovative. We talked about it being groundbreaking and much like we did with digital marketing which is when we first came out we were decades ahead of the competition. We feel excited about that; customer interest is high; there's an ongoing on-ramp and maybe we were a tad aggressive but when you have the leader and you're driving such innovation, we have to be optimistic about what we are doing for customers. And we experience firsthand what it takes. So we're confident that we will continue to grow that business the way we have. And as it relates to the organization, I think I mentioned this last time as well. I intentionally put that on hold because I needed to get all of those organizations aligned. The product roadmap, the innovation roadmap that exists right now, Brent, is stronger than it's ever been as a result I think of various help over the last six months. What we are doing with delivering new services; the AI and intelligence services that are available; the delivery of the Adobe Experience platform; what we've done with content and commerce. Aligning that and getting that unified that is clearly the sweet spot of where other is helping and where I focused. And I think that would not have happened without somebody doing that directly. And so I'm actually pleased that I did it. And aligned the organization first. So it's in great shape for somebody when they come in.
ShantanuNarayen: So, Jennifer, again multiple questions there. First, let me let me end with that which is in Q4 we expect substantial increase in quarter-over-quarter bookings in that particular business. So let me start off by that. I think when you introduce an upgrade to the analytics which is now available through the Adobe Experience platform; the customer adoption has been good. It doesn't have to do with the product issue. The product is years ahead of the competition as I said. It's a new motion. I mean what we went through, as we went through our digital transformation; people have to get ready for that adoption. And we are seeing that right now; we're seeing the on-ramp. So I would put that less as any product issue definitely not a customer demand issue. And it's just one of those things that you work through and you work through aggressively to ensure that customers get the value that they want. And again in Q4, we expect a substantial increase in quarter-over-quarter bookings based on the pipeline and based on what we would do.
ShantanuNarayen: Well, Mark, if you look at our sort of guidance for Q4 and look at what the operating margin guidance would be on the revenue that we outlined and GAAP and non-GAAP EPS, it's clear that we are continuing to focus on the margin as well. And I think at the beginning of the year we had said you would start to see margins back in the 40%, that's certainly there. However, big picture I would say we really focused on the long-term opportunity and continuing to drive top-line growth. But the margins and the leverage in the model you saw that in Q3 as well across the business. And you are right in that the mid market motions are more marketing and generated by demand through the website and less through direct sales. So that would be better margins than perhaps an enterprise business. 
ShantanuNarayen: So let me answer the second question first, Jay, which is certainly both the Magento and Marketo we have both self-serve capabilities as well as a ecosystem of partners. As you know with Magento having the open source community help us not just with bringing us leads, but also helping integrate with any point of sale or inventory or supply chain systems. It's a huge advantage and I think we're leveraging that. And also as it relates to Magento, we've already integrated that with our AEM. On AEM, content just continues to be a significant, significant differentiator and I referred to it earlier as the first mile experience that every customer has with a digital enterprise. Some really exciting things underway there. As you know, when we acquired Day Software that was a perpetual business, I think we effectively transitioned it to be a managed services business. We have some really exciting plans underway that we're starting to deliver to customers as it relates to fully SaaS-ifying that and making that even more self-serve in terms of people using that technology. When you think about what's happening with what's called headless content management that's an area of significant investment for us, so that people can automate their content production. AEM assets which is the assets product, there's a lot of excitement for that for content velocity as you pointed out. We talked a little bit less about AEM forms, but AEM forms also is a way in which people want to use AEM technology, so AEM has really become a platform; it's your web infrastructure which really exciting for us is there isn't a digital event that happens. Whether it's debate, companies introducing product launches, sports events that aren't completely run sort of on Adobe technology. And that's really exciting to see when we see these spikes in our traffic; we know what's happening in virtually every online event. And AEM is at the core of that. AEM had a strong quarter; it continues to be a way in which people are re-platforming their web and so stay tuned for more. But hopefully that gives you a glimpse of some of the things that we're doing. The move to SaaS; the move towards headless content and asset management are maybe three of the ones I'd identified.
ShantanuNarayen: Sure. So let me answer the first question, while there may be some point solutions that have point competitors or products that are there in the market that do similar technology for the vast majority of what we offer in digital experience, we are the undisputed leaders. And really as we talk about the innovation for new things like Adobe Experience platform, the real-time CDP, what we are doing with intelligence services, Heather, were, there really isn't anybody else who's offering capabilities similar to what we have in the market. I think as it relates to M&A if that was a question, there is nothing major that we look at and feel like is a gap currently in our portfolio. I think the combination of Magento and Marketo and what we've done with the Adobe Experience platform that gives us without a doubt the leading platform and a significant portfolio to continue to drive growth. I think what we are doing on the document side with the verbs and having the ability for people to embed PDFs or think of it as a PDF service, we're pretty excited about the opportunity associated with that. And we talk about creative. So hopefully that gives you a flavor as we talk about the $100 billion addressable market that's really driving our growth at this point. 
ShantanuNarayen: Yes. Alek, as it relates to the bookings I would in order a sort of priority first talk about the analytics as it's moving to the Adobe Experience Manager, so the combination of analytics and audience manager sort of moving to experience platform with the real-time CDP. And then to a lesser extent the Marketo mid-market. So that's sort of how I would look at it as people are transitioning and upgrading to the Adobe Experience platform.
ShantanuNarayen: Sterling, I think first to put it in perspective we saw growth. We're talking about the acceleration and mid market the way we did it for Magento in terms of sort of growing it across the enterprise. And so I think it's really all about having the demand generation machine, which is easier to fix in terms of getting that sort of motion going again in the company. And in terms of it being self-serve, I mean the product is actually applicable already across the mid-market and enterprise. So there are no product issues there. It really has been as I said the natural inclination was to go in the enterprise. And so continuing to accelerate the mid-market in addition to enterprise like we're focusing on Magento. And having that as an aligned organization so we can leverage our marketing is the two changes we've made.
ShantanuNarayen: We have such good market share across both of those segments as the leading B2B segment; it really is well penetrated across both. If there's any --this probably more penetration in the mid market and the smaller size of the large enterprises than the large enterprise, Sterling, if I were to give you some color on their current penetration within the enterprise.
ShantanuNarayen: So, Kas, first with respect to the bookings, let me again reiterate what we said in the prepared remarks, which is we would expect the overall subscription book of business for all of the experienced cloud across mid market, across enterprise and across all solutions to be greater than 20%. So I wanted to make sure that that was understood despite what we saw in Q3. I think as it relates to your first question, the integrated platform that is really aimed more at the enterprise and that's the natural migration of analytics and audience manager customers. I think the mid-market is specifically as it relates to Marketo, so I just wanted to clarify that. And so there are no issues with respect to adoption in the enterprise, if anything as I said we were maybe a tad aggressive with how quickly they would adopt it, but we do expect to see substantial bookings in Q4 quarter-over-quarter.
ShantanuNarayen: Well, I think what we've been through, Kash, with our own move to digital, the ability to have a real-time platform where you can actually activate what happens to customers across multiple channels, it doesn't exist. I mean the first generation of dealing with these customers is a record in a database that is completely inadequate in terms of how people can engage with customers. So this is absolutely groundbreaking in terms of what can be done. So think of it as you know how many times have you gone to a website; you've bought a product and then the ad for that product continues to dog you for weeks. And maybe sometimes to add insult to injury, it actually says there's a discount now available for that product. That's sort of the thing that we're addressing or when you call in to a customer support and you've done something in a retail store or you've done something online and it has no idea about who you are and what you did. So I think this real-time CDP; the other massive movement that you know is happening is between known and unknown and the movement towards that with browsers. So we're the first to convert what was our leading position with DMP or data management into real time CDP or a customer data platform. So this is the ability to have one single unified view of a customer across multiple channels, understand how you acquire them; understand how you engage with them. So that's really what I think is an imperative for every company doing digital transformation. So that's our opportunity and our lead.
ShantanuNarayen: So the easy answer to that it really had no impact. That was one day in one part of Europe as a result of customer who used it inappropriately and we were backup and running. So that really had no issue. I mean the advertising business for us is important part of the Experience Cloud business. It allows the CMOs to have real attribution associated with their marketing spend. It helps with customer acquisition as the on ramp to a digital business. So it plays a strategic role and we have good offering and that it cuts across all of the different channels that people are looking to acquire customers on namely TV, search, display and video.  So I think in particular where we are strongest right now is certainly in helping people with the new media type such as video and TV. So that's it as it relates to the ad business. I mean given that was the last question; I continue to believe that Adobe is not just driving but we are creating large market opportunities. We were pleased with our fiscal performance in Q3. And I am particularly pleased with the product road map and innovation that we are delivering across all three clouds to what is increasingly and incredibly diverse set of customers. Our strategy empowering people to create and helping businesses transform is certainly working. And we are executing against that strategy. Design and creativity have never been important. You've seen the strength in both the creative as well as the document business. And digital transformation and digitization continues to be an incredible opportunity. Clearly, FY19 will be another record year with strong cash flow and margin expansion. And as a plug, particularly excited about the innovation that we are going to showcase at MAX. It's going to be our largest Creative Event. And I hope to see you join us in LA for both MAX as well as our FA meeting. Thank you for joining us today.  End of Q&A
JohnMurphy: Yes. Keith, to answer your question on investments here. They've been factored into the targets that we issued for Q4. And as you've seen those targets we continue to expand, our operating margin as we had expected through the year as we said the second half would accelerate expansion. So the investments are embedded in those targets and as Shantanu said, we're focused on really driving that big market motion like we did with Magento.
JohnMurphy: Yes. Well, again on all-expense really, I mean I think when we look at margins in general where our goal is to continue to invest in top-line growth, but then obviously drive efficiencies both and how we look at our COGS and how we're looking at the rest of the P&L. And so you see that here in Q3 we are able to vary through a lot of like relentless fiscal discipline contribute to the lower OpEx in Q3 than probably was modeled and it came through and obviously in the EPS performance. And you'll see that again in Q4 as we've modeled it out. You see the operating margin expand again in Q4 based upon our targets. So we're diligently focused on that from time to time like we did with the acquisitions. We found opportunities to invest in growth and we'll do that, but the idea is to really always focus on growing our earnings as fast if not faster than revenue.
JohnMurphy: When I look at ARR in more philosophically because obviously we have Analyst Day coming up where we'll actually talk a lot about next year. We've laid out many, many times the different drivers that we have and Shantanu covered a number of them when he talked about that earlier to the earlier question. So we have international markets. We've got new products. We've got single apps and mobile on-ramp that are really driving new users to the platform. And that's our -- one of our biggest growth areas. And that's still a focus for us. Yes, we have, I think other folks have asked about promotions before as well. And we use those; we've seen through our DDOM model that they're very effective in driving new users and then converting those to paid users. So overall we've got a number of vectors that we believe we can continue to grow ARR in the future and beyond.
JohnMurphy: And on cash flow, we're actually pretty happy with the performance, but we did have someone times in the quarter. We ended up taking advantage of some favorable vendor pricing by doing a couple large prepayments. And then also we had some timing of some tax payments in the quarter as well. So those impacted that, but excluding those items would've been well above a $1 billion in the quarter.
JohnMurphy: Sure, Walter. Yes, pricing is certainly is a lever; it's not one that we've ever used really as a driver for an annual price increase to increase ARR for instance. One of the things that we look at is the value that we're providing to the customers. And when we provide the value and we see that value resonate with customers then we price it accordingly. What we saw this year, of course, was the price increase that we did I should say last year for North America and then this year internationally in Australia and Japan, we seen those price increases be well accepted. We've customers who stay on the platform and the value was resonating. So it's something that we'll look at. It's not a core driver, but something that is one of the many levers that we can use to grow.
