Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Kash, and congratulations to you as well for the conference that is happening right now and given our quiet period as you know we can’t attend. But let me take a step back and talk about why we believe this is a fundamentally transformative move for Adobe. When we think about the future of what’s happening with creativity, and in a sense, what’s going to happen as it relates to multiple people engaging in that with respect to collaboration, we just believe that this is going to be an incredible value and a way to attract a whole bunch of new customers to the combined platform. When you think about Adobe, certainly we target knowledge workers, we target communicators, we target creative professionals. Figma really focuses a lot also on developers, they focus very much on the other stakeholders, who are involved in the product design process. So when we talk about the fact that Figma has a $16 billion TAM, that’s referring to the TAM as it exist today, in terms of what they are doing, both as it relates to product design, as well as that would relates to collaborative whiteboarding and ideation, which as you know, say, FigJam this incredible product that has, I believe, a much, much larger available addressable opportunity. But if you take a really what we think is the massive opportunity and putting this together. I think there are four aspects that are really exciting for us. First, there is going to be a next-generation of Creative collaboration that happens in the industry, and we believe that the combination of the two companies enable us to really position Adobe and deliver great value for this Creative collaboration industry. Second, we continue to believe that we can accelerate what it means to create on the web. What Figma has done is they have delivered a really incredible technology platform and solved the number of the issues that need to be solved to allow multiple people to collaborate on the web. Third, we think that we can advance product design and if you take the decades of Adobe technology that exists, our imaging technology, our vector technology, the video technology that we have and think about what that means to bring that to the web and dramatically increase the number of customers who can then benefit from it. And last but not least, I think, to your question. This is now really addresses that sort of Holy Grail of anybody creating a mobile application, anybody creating a website, anybody creating an application for any device that has a screen, combining what we can do on the designers, developers and the stakeholders to make that happen. So I think today, what we shared with you is what they talk about as their addressable market opportunity, what we talk about as ours. But I think the real benefit of this combination is creating brand new markets, much like we have done with Digital Experience and other industries that we are part of. So thank you and we are really excited about this.
Shantanu Narayen: Brad, it’s a good question and I understand that in these markets, in particular, acquisitions and maybe large ones are viewed with some skepticism. We certainly believe and I will talk about it that Figma will be a transformative deal for the customers and industries and it dramatically increases our TAM. We can deliver great value to an increasing set of customers. But I also want to reassure all of you and if you look at our results, this in no way changes our focus or our excitement on our current portfolio. We are growing well, and we are demonstrating strength across all of our three cloud offerings and we continue to execute against our current initiatives. And so if you look at the multiple internal businesses that are achieving velocity, whether it’s Adobe Experience platform and the apps that are built natively on top of it, what’s happening with 3D and immersive, what’s happening with Acrobat Forms, what’s happening with Frame. This is additive. And when opportunities like this present themselves, Brad, I think it’s the great companies that look at it and say, are you going to focus on the here and now only or are you going to seize on the opportunity that really positions Adobe for the next few decades. And so it’s a great question. We understand that there will be questions associated with valuation. We certainly believe that it provides valuation to our shareholders as well. When you look at what this means for us, but in no way diminishes my excitement around our current portfolio.
Shantanu Narayen: Yeah. Let me address the first part, which was your second part of the question, which is why now. Again, and as I said, we just believe that this new vision that we can create for, what we can do with collaborative creativity, there’s no time like the present to start working on top of it. And when opportunities like this present themselves, you have to act upon it rather than kicking that can down the road, Alex. So, from my perspective, we know how to make this deliver great value to our customers. I will have David also speak to the demand environment and the Creative side. On the Enterprise side, as we said, we had strong results. I mean the AEP plus apps business, that book of business is doubling, which really reflects the foundational aspects of what we are delivering. But it -- again, I go back to -- opportunities like this present themselves rarely and Figma is one of those rare companies that has achieved the kind of escape velocity and technology platform that they have. But we equally believe that it’s even rarer for a company like Adobe to be able to take advantage of what they deliver and actually accelerate it and provide greater value and so from my perspective, there’s no time like the present.
Shantanu Narayen: So two things to that, Brent. The first is, I understand that what you are saying in effect is some people will say, hey, show me how this value is accruing to Adobe shareholders as well and we certainly believe that otherwise we wouldn’t be doing it and we do believe that it will be value-generating for the Adobe shareholders. I think as it relates to XD and as it relates to Figma, I mean, we certainly, for designers, we are targeting what needed to happen as it related to screen design with the desktop product. I think the much newer market that emerged, which Figma effectively both addressed and pioneered was the ability to do this in a collaborative way and dramatically increase the scale, and they over the last decade, have really invested in and solve some of the hard technical problems that existed to make this happen on the web friction-free. So from our perspective, the Creative products continue to be strong, the ability to really tie the designers and developers is really where there’s this unique opportunity, as well as to create new markets. I mean I will give you one more sort of what-if scenario in terms of how we think about it, which is you combine what they have done with whiteboarding and ideation, and what will be the future of work, and if you think about the presence of Acrobat and what we have with Acrobat or if you think about the notion of brainstorming and what happens with FigJam, with what happens with Adobe Express, I think the opportunities are tremendous. I understand that there will be some sentiment associated with the price, and ball’s in our court to go demonstrate how we execute against our current initiatives, as well as to demonstrate the value of this new one.
Shantanu Narayen: I think the three ways in which we look at that. First, in terms of the customers for Figma, I think, as David mentioned, the number of developers who are part of this products set is actually extremely extensive. But in addition to the product set associated with Figma design for developers, as well as stakeholders, I do want to again emphasize the product fit as it relates to FigJam for anybody who’s a knowledge worker and anybody who wants to ideate. So if you think about the value of ideation and brainstorming. I mean the reality is, they have tens of millions of people who signed up and trialed Figma. We have hundreds of millions of people who have used our products and so the adjacency in terms of enabling both of those combined sets of customers to use each other’s products, we continue to believe that drives great value. So this is really about, in our sense and then if you take Acrobat and the penetration that Acrobat has, everybody who’s using Acrobat also wants to both share, as well as ideate and brainstorm. So I know there’s a lot of questions around Figma design, which is clearly achieved escape velocity. I would urge you also to spend a little time looking at FigJam as I know you have and then you would really understand that, that also dramatically expands the customer base. So, yes, getting Creative Cloud to a more diverse set of customers on the web, allowing collaboration and enabling it much like you said with Frame. That’s very much part of the strategy and that’s why even in the press release, we talk about accelerating creativity on the web as one of the key pillars.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Jay, let me first cover the first one and there’s no doubt that what Figma has been able to do on the web by solving a lot of these multiplayer high scalability requirements to allow the tens of millions of people to use Figma design and even more important FigJam on the web, is an engineering marvel. And having access to that technology and being able to take advantage of it to dramatically increase anybody who’s participating in our design products, whether they would be stakeholders and developers will, I think, dramatically increase our TAM as well. And so, first and foremost, their DevOps is great. I mean we certainly have a lot of that expertise on the Digital Experience side of the house as it relates to the trillions of transactions. But for the Creative, we really believe that this is one of the key pieces of technology that we are getting that are going to be really amazing. I think as it relates to your second question, we really view these as, when you have the right altitude, for us it’s all about how do you take things that might seem competitive, but are actually more complementary and expand the nature of the market. And for me, when I think about what we did with Macromedia, it was really about saying. We are going to target more graphics professionals and not just focus on imaging. We are going to focus on what’s happening with video on the web or gaming. And so I think it was an expansive part of how we looked at it. And that’s the same situation here. For us, it’s really not about what we had on the desktop. It’s really about expanding to the web. Multi-surface is something that we have talked about a lot. It’s about a community in many ways, Jay, and what they have done as it relates to their communities and plug-ins and how they have been able to use artificial intelligence, all of that also power we bring to bear to the combined. So from my perspective, this is really about adjacency. It’s about complementary things that we have done. Certainly, we did have a presence in screen design on the desktop. But big picture this is all about dramatically expanding it and that’s the conversation that David, Dylan, Scott and I have been having. And David, feel free to add to that.
Shantanu Narayen: I think as we said in our prepared remarks, Phil, we are guiding in typical seasonality, Q4 tends to be a strong season both in terms of the enterprise business for us and closing the enterprise business and the pipeline that we have built over the year, as well as some consumer commerce days, as you mentioned and all of that is factored into the targets that we are guiding. We are not changing that based on anything different than we have seen. So I think we continue to believe that our business is resilient and if you look at the initial targets that we are providing, we would expect to have another strong seasonal close to the year.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, certainly, for us, this is all about the top line growth and what -- if you look at actually what we would expect in terms of their continued growth and our continued growth, I think, the topline of both companies they would accelerate. And so I think maybe at the FA meeting, as we get more time, we are happy to share more color associated with it. But from my perspective, we actually think that we have a plan that allows us to really show the benefits of the combination, as well as continue to overachieve against those.
Shantanu Narayen: I think for us, we are just factoring in everything, including the fact that this is a stock purchase and half of it is approximately in stock and what that means in terms of dilution. As we said, we will start to offset that. We have tremendous cash flow generation. But from our perspective, we are going to be aggressive about making sure that we continue to drive the topline and the bottomline. And so that is very much on our mind in terms of delivering great value to the customers in the industry and creating new opportunities. And from my perspective, what I do want to say, since that was the last question was, first and foremost, we are really excited about our current business. I mean the current business is growing at a great clip in this macroeconomic environment. We have multiple growth initiatives that are all demonstrating how mission-critical they are and how they are relevant they are in this new digital-first world where whether it’s work, life, play, everything is going to be impacted by digital. So, first and foremost, we are very confident about our existing portfolio and the growth trajectory of the current portfolio. The addition of Figma, from my perspective, is the ability to turbocharge that in terms of both the opportunity that the company has, as well as the ability to serve ever broadening set of customers. And so I hope you all view that within that context, which is lot of confidence about our existing business and more excitement about making sure that we are setting in place greater future opportunities. We will look forward to having a lot of you at MAX. I hope you do come there. We are planning an FA part of that section as well and so we would be happy to share more with you when we join that. And with that, I will turn it over to Jonathan.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Then from an accretion standpoint, first and foremost, this deal is about growth. This is about positioning the company to define new categories and drive growth for decades to come. And as we think about that growth trajectory, walked into -- walked through a number of those drivers. It’s about extending the performance of that platform as part of the combined company, getting it access to our customers and our go-to-market global -- go-to-market footprint. It’s about accelerating the delivery of new Adobe offerings on the web and then jointly introduce new offerings as we unlock those possibilities in collaborative creativity. This gives us an opportunity to focus and manage the R&D investments as we drive that roadmap and striking the balance between accelerating the growth and preserving that growth trajectory, but doing it in a disciplined way. We are going to deliver a tremendous amount of value over time to investors. Starting in year two post close, you will see our EPS growth rate faster than our overall revenue growth, will be accretive exiting year three and we are poised to deliver a lot of value.
Dan Durn: Yeah. Then from an investment standpoint, one of the great things about Adobe is, is we have got tremendous growth opportunities. We have got an opportunity to drive the core franchise to $30 billion to $40 billion of revenue. But we are going to do what we have always done, which is invest in a disciplined way and drive that growth with strong profitability and strong cash flow and so we will do what we have always done. We are going to orient towards growth. We are back utilizing our facilities. We are investing to scale our business. We are investing in our products, go-to-market marketing. We are driving PLG motions, but we are going to do it in a disciplined way that delivers strong profitability and cash flow, while growing this business in a strong and robust way. So we will do what we have always done, operating a disciplined business.
Dan Durn: Yeah. No. It’s playing out as we expected as we take a look at the enterprise business, closing million dollar plus deals, transformational deals as we look forward off of that momentum into Q4. Pipeline is building nicely. Team is doing a good job executing against the opportunity and it’s playing out as expected.
Dan Durn: Sure. So let me take them in order. So as we think about our margins this year, I think, you can see the trajectory throughout the year. What I would say is what we are seeing in the back half of 2022, I think, is more reflective of the normalized environment. We talked about continuing to invest in the products, how we market those products, how we drive product led growth, how we are going to market. But also complementing it with repopulating the campuses, being back to in-person interaction, getting on planes and that’s a bit more reflective of a normalized operating environment. So that’s what I would say, think about maybe the second half of 2022 as a bit more of a normalized environment. As we think about margins in the context of Figma and the transaction, we talked a couple -- about a couple of things. We talked about this is about growth. This is delivering that growth in a disciplined way. So when I think about operating margins in that context, we talked about the second half of 2022 being that baseline more normalized run rate. And if I think about the first couple of years post close, year one, year two post close. Think about margins that are maybe 1 point to 2 points delta versus where we would be on a standalone basis. And then by the time we get to year three, I would expect it to be more neutral from an influence standpoint. And again, I also want to register the point that I mentioned earlier in Q&A. As we get past year one, we are going to start growing EPS faster than our revenue growth profile and so we feel good about that inflection point and driving it in a disciplined way. When we look at GAAP operating margins, obviously, you will see a bigger delta in the near-term. To account for the stock-based compensation, we really view that stock-based compensation to incentivize the employees to stay with the company and unlock those growth potentials and you will see that amortize over a four-year period consistent with our equity programs and then we will be back to a more normalized run rate after that amortization period. So you will see more impact on the GAAP side and we feel pretty good about the trajectory from a non-GAAP operating margin standpoint.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. And on the Digital Media side, we began the year with a guide of $1.9 billion, and of course, we hope to beat that. And in the context of everything happening in the macro, if you look at Q1, Q2, Q3 and our guide for Q4, we are at $1.88 billion and in the context of everything happening in the world, we are very proud of this performance. And of course, we are an aggressive company. We hope to beat that number. And all the leading indicators remained strong. New user acquisition is strong, engagement and retention continues to be strong, monthly active users continue to be strong. And so we feel really good about the macro -- about our ability to navigate the macro despite what’s happening in the world around us. And then in the context of as we start looking for opportunities to grow, we have so much product innovation coming out at -- and we will see a lot of it at MAX, accelerating what’s happening in our flagship applications, what’s happening around Express and the kinds of capabilities we are putting in there. We are seeing great growth and momentum in terms of use and NPS there, Photoshop and Illustrator coming to the web. We have a lot of share for review collaborative capabilities coming as well. And then as you look at the conversation around Figma, we have known Dylan for years and we have shared very common values and vision, and the opportunities to grow that business faster and the synergies we have in mind are -- just allow us to take what is already a strong business and make it even stronger and faster.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. I will start by talking about InDesign and Figma. They are very different products at the core. InDesign is around building print and publishing workflows and doing layout. Figma is really all about enabling product design and a collaborative product design model. In fact, if you look at InDesign, it’s our traditional base of users, predominantly designers that are using it. One of the things that’s really interesting about Figma is the makeup of their user base. In fact, two-thirds of their users are not designers, they are developers and other stakeholders in the process, and the foundation of that collaborative model is what makes this such a special and accretive acquisition for us. If you think about going forward, the primary focus is going to be about bringing Figma into the family and then taking all of the capabilities we have across illustration and video and creative imaging and building it on top of the Figma platform to enable a whole new generation of capabilities that are going to resonate with digital native and next-generation creative professionals, and we are very excited about them. The two products are quite different.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. On the pricing side, first of all, pricing for us is all about value. The business that we have been building is all based on new user acquisition, upselling, and of course, occasionally pricing moves and the pricing is always associated with added value. So on the Creative side we have been adding lots of apps. We have been enabling Frame.io integration into Creative -- into our Creative Cloud applications. We have been building a lot of share and review workflows, as an example, a lot of stock and content images in there as well and then on the Acrobat Pro side, we have been doing a lot more deep integration with Sign around bulk signatures, branding, web forms payments. So the foundation is that pricing is always connected to the real value that we are adding, and in doing that, we continue to see pricing play out the way we expected and all of this was baked into what we had planned for the year.
David Wadhwani: Yeah. From the beginning of the conversations with Dylan, the primary focus has been on things that we couldn’t do individually. What are the things that we could do and bring to market that combining the two products and put -- two product sets into two companies could really enable a better-together story. And in particular, what we see is that we have this incredible wealth of technology and expertise around illustration and video and imaging and photography and 3D, all from -- coming from the lens of our flagship applications, and as Shantanu mentioned, they have built such a rich platform for collaboration. Bringing these things together allow us to re-imagine what the -- basically Creative -- content creation should look like in the future by taking our technology, integrating it on top of or building it on top of the Figma platform and then enabling a whole set of new use cases that would never have happened were it not for this combination.
