Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Walter. I mean, first, as it relates to FY '18, we're certainly thrilled with the performance; and when you think about both Q4 and FY '18, we actually saw strength in ARR across all offerings as well as all geographies. Q4 was characterized, I would say, with the typical seasonal enterprise strength that we see at the end of Q4. We saw a bunch of consumer strength as we also said in our prepared remarks. But whether it was the Individual offering, the team offering or the enterprise offering, they just continue to show quite a bit of momentum. And we expect that momentum, frankly, to continue into FY '19. So I think from the Individual products, when you think about what's happening with the photography bundle, what's happening with Acrobat, what's happening with the video products, clearly, we've identified that we're working on some new categories like XD and what we showed with augmented reality and virtual reality, continued offering of services, which is adding to this. But as you remember, even during MAX, we announced numerous set of initiatives that we expect we'll all continue to drive, emerging markets, continued adoption of our services. So we're just really pleased. And I think it's important to remember, even when you look at the $1.45 billion target for next year, that FX did go adversely against us. And so when we think about both new units as well as renewal of units that happens next year, if they are internationally, that's actually going to be adverse relative to FY '18, so clearly, I think, indicating that the momentum that we saw in '18 will continue.
Shantanu Narayen: Saket, what we have done is, even in fiscal '18 as we have segmented the market and we think very strategically about what's happening in what we call the strategic accounts versus the corporate accounts versus the territory accounts, we've got a go to market that's optimized around what's the best way to generate pipeline, what's the best way to have what we would call named account salespeople versus the specialists. And the more comprehensive the offering, the more it actually strengthens our ability to drive pipeline and then convert existing customers. FY '18 was characterized, I think, by a return to momentum that we saw in subscription bookings. We have certainly seen good adoption, as we mentioned, of our Analytics and AEM products as well as Magento. And so what I'm excited about in FY '19 is when you think about what we had with Adobe Campaign and the B2C high-volume e-mail and cross-channel campaign capability, when you think about what Marketo bought in B2B with a lead management and account-based marketing capability, we now have really a far more comprehensive offering for the enterprise to manage and personalize their end-to-end customer journeys across all channels. So we've already demonstrated integration. Magento is being integrated with AEM. So it just feels like there's more demand for our products. There's more refinement of our go to market; and there's a strengthening, frankly, of the offering, which should help.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Brad, and thanks for the comments. I mean, going back to the data-driven operating model, I mean it's a vocabulary that's so prevalent now within Adobe; and when we talk about discover, try, buy, use and renew, I think it just enables us to have tremendous focus across each part of it. I think most companies start off with really good awareness at the top of the funnel, which is on the discovery phase, but what I think we have done is actually provided a really good mathematical underpinning to what we need to do across each of those. So I know you have and others in the past have asked us questions about how we think about promotions. We have incredible data about what is the right way to target those customers, how do they then convert into paying customers, in which countries do trials work, in which countries do trials not work. In terms of the buying, what are the right offers? How do you make recommendations? How do you convert people and upsell them into other offerings? And on the use, which is where I would say in FY '18 we spent the most time, clearly, as the base grows larger and larger and larger, it's in the utilization of the products and ensuring that they get value that the greatest upside exists for Adobe. And so the best example I could give you is once I was at a Wednesday meeting where the entire team was talking about what was happening in realtime and they were making decisions in realtime. So having this mathematical underpinning in a model and empowering people in realtime across every geography to make the right decisions based on data, I think that's really the power of this model. And I think you've seen that in our results.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I mean, I think the whole paper-to-digital movement just continues to be a big driver of what's happening in digital transformation. And so if you think about most enterprises, what they have to do is they first have to create this website to engage with customers, and then allowing them to transact businesses digitally is a big imperative. And so to that end, what we have done, both on the Acrobat side as well as on the AEM Forms side to allow everything from ad hoc workflows as well as more structured workflows to happen using our products, it's clearly a drive that we see. Government tends to be a big area of usage for AEM Forms as you can imagine, and the usage of PDF there is high because governments can never mandate that citizens buy software in order to engage with customers. And so I think that's the reason for the underlying strength. And AEM is a platform. It's -- we also talked about AEM Assets and how content management has grown. And from our point of view, as we think about documents, sign is just one of the many verbs that we focus on. The entire document opportunity is such a large opportunity. And it's -- signing is something that we've enabled. We have this incredible reach in terms of the client that we have, and the footprint allows us to sign things. But it's, again, all about creating those documents and sharing those documents and scanning those documents. And so our strength in PDF as a format, our strength in the web content management and our strength in these verbs, including the ability for people to sign, I think, is what gives us confidence that this will continue to drive business for us.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Kirk. I mean, strategically there are two things that we're excited about with the Magento Commerce solution. The first is, for larger enterprises, the ability to now finally close the loop. We have the content management. We have audience segmentation. And at MagentoLive in Barcelona, we actually already have shown how you can integrate AEM with Magento Commerce. So that's been one of the strategic wins for us as people are thinking about next-generation commerce with mobile being a more fundamental part of it. So just having that built-in integration, having the ability for our salespeople to sell the entire solution to our customers, it's clearly an advantage. The other strategic area of focus for us with Magento is really -- well, Magento was very strong, namely in the mid-market and small and medium businesses. The fact that we have technology and content management and analytics and personalization to add to that as an out-of-box offering for those set of customers is also a strategic advantage for us. And certainly, Marketo adds to that in terms of the offering for that particular segment of customers. So it's across both these dimensions that we do it. And underlying all of that, I think, is their over 300,000 developer, the ecosystem that they have, that's, in effect for us, a channel and that I think with Adobe's brand and that distribution and reach, I think we should continue to capitalize on that opportunity.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, first, Jennifer, I think there were a little bit more than breadcrumbs, but we appreciate the call out in terms of us trying to be transparent associated with that business. Maybe I'll take a little step back and then John can add colors. But I think we just look at it and say Q4 and FY '18, the financial results were clearly stellar. At MAX, as you know, we provided sort of the preliminary targets for FY '19, ARR of $1.4 billion, Digital Media revenue growth of 20%. At that point, what we had said was that we expect DX revenue growth of 20% and subscription bookings growth of 25%. And as you know, at that point, it did not include Marketo because the deal hadn't closed, but we highlighted two things. We highlighted that it would probably -- the earnings would be impacted moving forward as you factor in Marketo, and the tax rate would also impact our earnings profile. What we tried to do is update all of that today to both reflect the continued momentum and demonstrate that -- so from a currency perspective, currency went against us. So since September, despite that, we've raised our ARR target from $1.4 billion to $1.45 billion. We've kept the revenue growth for Digital Media at 20% despite, again, as I said, foreign exchange is going against us. In Digital Experience, which is your question, as we think about it, the segment revenue target we have raised to 34% year-over-year growth. So clearly, we are reflecting the continued momentum that we would expect as a result of getting Marketo. The base is much larger right now. And so including that base, what we said is that we expect to drive 25% subscription bookings growth for this much larger book of business, and that's already factored in how we think about the operating expense in terms of what goes for Marketo and actually what goes for the entire DX business. And then what we tried to do is reflect that, while we continue to be excited about the potential of earnings, once you factor in the accounting impact of purchase accounting that's approximately $75 million for Magento and Marketo, primarily in the first half of the year, that's like a 15% -- $0.15 impact in non-GAAP earnings. So that's sort of how we think about it. We're certainly investing for growth. You see that as we talk about a 25% growth in the entire subscription bookings growth, and we try to reflect what the accounting impacts are as well in that business, which should taper off starting the middle of the year and towards Q3 and Q4. So hopefully, that helps set the context of how we move from MAX. And if you think about it from an operational basis, Marketo is actually not dilutive. So what you have to do is factor in what's happening with accounting for deferred revenue. You have to factor in, as you said, the financing and what happens in that particular area as well as you have to think about what's happening with respect to tax rates.
Shantanu Narayen: Brent, again, I think it just reflects the momentum that we saw in Q4. I think we outlined a number of different initiatives that we just continue to drive. I mean, we're certainly going to see the benefits of pricing and how we continue to optimize that around the world. It's the new product introductions that are coming and just continued strength in Acrobat in emerging markets. We continue to do a good job combating piracy. We're seeing good strength at what we call named user deployment within the enterprises, I think continued strength in Sign and Stock and what that's doing to the particular business. So just across all of the various priorities that we outlined, we just continue to feel good about the opportunity and we have to continue to execute, Brent.
Shantanu Narayen: I mean, from our perspective, I think we're no economists. What we see is that both creativity as important initiative for everybody just continues to be really an area of emphasis and digital transformation and the digital tailwinds or headwinds that enterprises are seeing, depending on their perspective. So I think what gives us confidence is that it doesn't matter which country you're in. Digital has become an imperative for enterprises. And for individuals, the importance of creativity and design has never been more important. And so we will just continue to monitor it, we see strength across emerging markets as well. We've talked about that. I think the fact that we have a differential pricing scheme that allows us to target customers in those emerging markets might help. But overall, clearly, the exposure in that area for us is probably lower than some of the other companies that you are covering.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jay, first, as it relates to our belief and assertions around multisurface, it stems from a very simple observation that we want to enable our products to be used wherever inspiration strikes. And second, I think to your question, the capabilities of these new devices, whether they be tablets or whether they be mobile devices are infinitely more powerful than the prior generation. And so whenever there's a step function in capability or there's a new modality like voice or touch or other interfaces that emerge, all of them represent opportunities for Adobe. We pioneered our own offering in that particular space with Lightroom, and we are seeing good results with Lightroom, which is clearly a space where people want to be able to manage their pictures on any device that they want. The second category in which we have shown a lot of capability in this particular space is with XD, where, again, the number of people who design products and the number of people -- stakeholders in that entire design workflow is probably significantly larger than those who design. So those were the two first flagship products that showed it. But I think at MAX we clearly announced that not only would we bring -- bringing our flagship products like Photoshop to the iPad, but in addition to that, we would be doing brand-new products that took advantage of this media like Project Gemini, where people would use a stylus and a tablet to draw. So we're well on our way on that journey. We're really excited about what we can do. We also showed, as you know, voice-enabled applications in XD that integrated with Echo. So if you start to think about a world where every single screen, you're going to be able to talk to that screen, we want to enable people to use our apps to create applications for that screen. So that's on the MAX front, excited about it. But we're early in the journey, and we think there's a lot more that we can do that'll enable people to tell their story with ease. On the Digital Experience side with the Experience System of Record, I think the ODI announcement that we made in conjunction with SAP and Microsoft was the next step in that particular journey, where all three companies have talked about the need to have this Unified Customer Profile, where in realtime you can action it and you can integrate that with support systems, supply chain systems, financial systems and certainly the marketing systems, which is what we are pioneering. We made some good progress in that. The interest, honestly, in that is pretty high because every CIO has worried about, "How do I get this Unified Customer Profile?" So again, I would say that's a multiyear journey for us to deliver value. Our Experience Platform has already been delivered to customers. They're giving us feedback in realtime. Our applications, much like we did with the Creative Suite of products, will all build on top of the score content and data platform. But that's what we do, Jay. I mean, we are excited about the product journey and building deep technology moats. And so I would say off to a great start but there's so much more that we can do in terms of delivering value to our customers and further strengthening our differentiation against the competition.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Heather, my belief is that the customers, there's no way that customer expectations are going to change in terms of how they transact businesses with enterprise. And as you know, when -- if economic climate changes, there's even more reason to prioritize on the first few imperatives that are essential. And so if you just look at what's happening with mobile devices as the only form of interaction with enterprises, we just continue to think that digital will be very important and very central to the C-level mandate. So that gives us confidence that we need to continue to drive it. I mean, we will certainly monitor what happens if there is, but you don't want this to become a self-fulfilling prophecy, where everybody says, "Hey, what do we do if there's a slowdown and then people cut spending?" We haven't seen that so far. So that's how I would describe this as a priority. And we help with the top line driving revenue for customers. And so I think that's the important part of our mandate and offering.
Shantanu Narayen: That's exactly the way to think about it, and it's also the way they -- every one of them knows that if they are not using digital as an enabler, there's some small company out there that's going to completely disrupt their business using a mobile app and digital technology. So the heightened importance of digital I think is there front and center for every enterprise.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think we've seen that, Heather, right through our journey. The affordability of Creative Cloud from day one has been one of the drivers of the new growth, our new customer acquisition that we've highlighted every year, including at MAX. And so I think that continues to give us confidence. I think the pricing upfront, which allows more people to enter the platform, I think that's another way in which we are combating piracy. And third is the fact that we don't have boxes. They used to be a real gray market associated with selling our boxes. That's also gone away. That's not to say that people aren't finding ways to somehow get their hands on Creative Cloud. And our brand continues to be strong even in areas where there are malicious users of our product. But we've -- we made significant traction, and we continue to focus on driving value through services. And I would say a step function for us, as all of these assets are in the cloud, then they become DOA unless you're a legitimate user of Adobe products.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Mark, as you know, we have actually used a different strategy for Acrobat than we used for Creative Cloud because in that particular business, perpetual just continues to be an important area of both new customer acquisition for us as well as I think we've done a good job of bridging. And so you've clearly seen -- now the business continues to do well. We talk about the unit growth that we're seeing in Acrobat. And so we don't particularly see a headwind as it relates to perpetual moving to subscriptions the way we saw in the Creative. We just want to continue to focus on driving more unit growth, and that's really our focus. What is still a big opportunity, however, which may be the other part of your question, is that there's a larger and larger installed base that as we add more value in the services and apply our AI services, that'll continue to be a forward-looking opportunity for us with document. So I think that's all factored and tailored in the targets that we provided for next year.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Sterling, one way you can look at it is you can say what this the number of PCs and mobile devices that are used in China and how does that compare to what's being used in the U.S. And if you look at what our revenue is in the U.S., I mean, that would, I think, at the high end show the potential of what that could be because creativity is just as important in China. And you could actually argue, we're one of the few companies, U.S. technology companies, that really doesn't have an alternative in China, so we feel good about it. But even if those trade agreements that you allude to happen, I think it would take a little while for that to completely translate into our business. So having said that, the China business for us has been doing well. As you know, we introduced CC. We focused on the team offering because we thought that would be the right beachhead for us to focus on. And the other area that we focus on is our company is doing business in China. How do we make sure that they have a site license, so to speak, or enterprise license agreement that allows us to do it? So from a purely mathematical and installed base perspective, it's massive how that translates. We have been clearly baked any of that sort of inflection point or dramatic shift into our numbers.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I think it's gone completely in line with our expectations. I mean, we have just a significant amount of experience with that. As you know, we look at FX in other countries as well to also look at pricing. So it's not the first time that we have made changes to Creative Cloud pricing since the time it was introduced. From our perspective, it was on the heels of MAX, where we introduced 5 new products, which was the sort of most significant innovation after the original introduction. We continue to be focused on a lot more innovation driving value for our customers and I think you'll continue to see it. But North America went very much in line with our expectations. And as we said, our goal is to continue to drive new customers to the platform. That remains front and center but nothing that I would say is to doubt in our experience. And I think that's just because of the diligence that we did, which is we're thoughtful about it. We want to continue to attract customers to the platform with promotional pricing and deliver them the value, which enables us to give more credence to whatever pricing changes we might do. But since the last question, I mean, I'll also start off by wishing everybody on the call happy holidays. Thank you all for joining us. We're certainly thrilled with Q4 and FY '18. I think we had a very, very strong year. And I think it's a clear indication that our strategy of empowering people to create and helping businesses transform is working. We think it represents, as we have said at our MAX financial analyst meeting, a massive addressable market opportunity, and the FY '19 financial targets reflect the momentum that we expect to continue to drive across all offerings and geographies. And we're excited about the product innovation road map that we have for all of our customers. And again, wanted to thank you all for joining us today.
