Mike Saviage: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. Joining me on the call are Adobe’s President and CEO, Shantanu Narayen, as well as Mark Garrett, Executive Vice President and CFO. In the call today, we will discuss Adobe’s fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010 financial results. By now, you should have a copy of our earnings press release, which crossed the wire approximately one hour ago. If you need a copy of the press release, you can go to Adobe.com under the Company and News Room links to find an electronic copy. Before we get started, I want to emphasize that some of the information discussed in this call, particularly our revenue and operating model targets and our forward-looking product plans, is based on information as of today, December 20, 2010, and contains forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainty. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in such statements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, you should review the Forward-Looking Statements Disclosure in the earnings press release we issued today as well as Adobe’s SEC filings. During this call, we will discuss GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation between the two is available in today’s earnings release and on our Investor Relations website in the Investor data sheet. Call participants are advised that the audio of this conference call is being broadcast live over the Internet in Adobe Connect, and is also being recorded for playback purposes. An archive of the call will be made available on Adobe’s Investor Relations website for approximately 45 days and is the property of Adobe Systems. The audio and archive may not be re-recorded or otherwise reproduced or distributed without prior written permission from Adobe Systems. I would now like to turn the call over to Shantanu.
Mike Saviage: Thanks, Shantanu. In regard to today’s earnings report, we have posted several documents on our Investor Relations web page today, including a copy of the script containing our prepared remarks for today’s call. To access these documents and the other investor-related information, go to www.adobe.com/adbe. We also encourage you to sign up for easy access to updated documents and communications via RSS feeds that you can subscribe to on the website. For those who wish to listen to a playback of today’s conference call, a web-based Adobe Connect archive of the call will be available from the IR page on adobe.com later today. Alternatively, you can listen to a phone replay by calling 888-203-1112, use conference ID number 5203268. Again, the phone number is 888-203-1112 with ID number 5203268. International callers should dial 719-457-0820. The phone playback service will be available beginning at 4 PM Pacific Time today and ending at 4 PM Pacific Time on Thursday, December 23rd, 2010. We would now be happy to take your questions. In addition to questions that come in from those participating on the live phone call, we have also enabled the question pod in the Connect session. So those on the Connect session, feel free to send in your questions and we’ll try to take a few. Operator, we’ll take the first question from the phones.
Mike Saviage: Hi, this is Mike. We’ll take one question from the Connect session. So there were several questions regarding the education market, which we’ve addressed. But there are a few questions on Omniture, specifically around the competitive environment, what we see out there with respect to competitors like Google, but also is there an opportunity to leverage Omniture more in the enterprise opportunity that we’ve been discussing.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. We are proud of what we accomplished in 2010 and are even more excited about what lies ahead. Adobe is leading the revolution in how digital experiences are created, managed, distributed, measured and monetized in this multi-screen world. As we shared with you at our recent financial analyst meeting, we are doubling down on three significant growth opportunities; Content Authoring, Online Marketing Optimization, and Customer Experience Management. The multi-screen explosion offers us a tremendous new opportunity, as our creative solutions are the standard for content authoring across all formats, devices, channels and media. We are and will remain the leader in content authoring solutions and will continue to drive significant innovation in our offerings with an increase in the frequency of releases in the coming year. In addition to being the leader in imaging solutions, we are now the market leader in the video category. We have taken share from both Apple and Avid, and we will continue to drive strong growth in this market, leveraging the innovations we’ve made in video authoring as well as in media delivery and playback. We see an opportunity to expand our content authoring revenue by augmenting our traditional pricing models with new subscription business models and growing our maintenance revenue. We will drive revenue growth by increasing our focus on large and under-penetrated categories such as Education. To capitalize on the trend of tablet usage, we look forward to introducing new products, which leverage our innovative creative products and technologies. We are seeing excitement among our customers in the digital publishing category. Leading publishers have bet their digital future on Adobe, and we expect hundreds of publishers to adopt our creative tools and Digital Publishing Solutions in 2011. As content and applications make their way online and to a broader array of devices and formats, Online Marketing Optimization becomes increasingly important. ROI is job one for marketers. Adobe’s Site Catalyst product remains the leader in web analytics. Our goal now is to expand the adoption of other critical Online Marketing Suite solutions like SearchCenter and Test & Target. Our Omniture business is already one of the largest SaaS businesses in the world, and in 2011, we will expand our geographic footprint, while continuing to deepen integration with our content authoring products. In addition, video and mobile content represent explosive growth opportunities. Combined, we expect to grow our Omniture business by at least 20% in 2011. The emerging category of Customer Experience Management is a large and strategic opportunity for Adobe. Customer Experience Management solutions enable our customers to attract and retain their customers with powerful online experiences. The combination of LiveCycle, Connect and Day make us a formidable force in this category. We have strong momentum in this business, and we expect to grow Enterprise segment revenue by at least 20% in the coming year It’s an incredibly exciting time for Adobe, as we transform our business to take advantage of these significant opportunities. Whether they are publishers, government agencies, educational institutions or enterprises, our customers are looking to us to help them navigate through this new world. We will do this by providing them with solutions in the expansive categories of Content Authoring, Online Marketing Optimization, and Customer Experience Management. These opportunities give us confidence in our ability to grow total Adobe revenue by at least 10% next year. Thank you for joining us today. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Walter. As we’ve said at the recent financial analyst meeting, again, we’re targeting 10% annual growth for the entire company, and we try to break it up by our different growth segments that we talked about. In the Creative segment specifically, what we’re hearing from our customers is this ability for Adobe to help them with their entire workflow, associated with both authoring as well as publishing for multiple formats is an increasingly important one. As you know, their multiple OS is being released. We expect to see probably another set of tablet devices also come out in the first part of the year. And so while we’re not announcing new products, what we’ve said is that we anticipate giving new functionality to these customers to help them deal with that multi-format, multi-screen proliferation. So we won’t talk about products today. We’ve given targets, as you know, Walter, for Q1, and we look forward to sharing more about specific products later in the year.
Shantanu Narayen: Actually, in the Enterprise segment, we had a very strong close to Q4 and the fiscal year. As you know, in the Enterprise segment, you tend to have a very strong close as a result of the sales force being focused on trying to drive revenue and accelerate us. And the value proposition of Customer Experience Management is really resonating with customers. So we are actually finding that we are driving some significantly larger deals. The pipeline is healthy, and we’re looking forward to a great 2011, Walter. So when I look at the indicators of that business, they are actually all positive. And the introduction of Day will actually only strengthen our offering and provide us with better value to our customers moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe just one more comment to add on that, Steve, when we look at all the three growth opportunities that we’re talking about, the market dynamics are driving us and we are seeing increased demand across all three of them. On the online marketing optimization, we had a really strong bookings quarter and we’re driving annual contract value. We’re seeing more usage of the entire marketing suite. In the Enterprise segment, yes, we are confident. We will have Day for an entire quarter. And the Customer Experience Management value proposition is resonating. And even on the Creative side, as people are dealing with this explosion of devices. Our authoring tools are being adopted increasingly to deal with both multi-format as well as multi-screen. In the sales and marketing initiatives that we’ve put in place, we’ve started to see in that Q3 and Q4, are clearly resonating and were driving demand. And so, all of those give us confidence for Q1.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Steve, as you know, we’re shipping on Android and virtually the entire set of Android devices. We’ve announced that RIM is going to start shipping it. HP with their Palm set of devices are also going to start shipping it. So it’s really going to be, I think, 2011 where you see this explosion of smartphones. And increasingly, all of them are going to use Flash as a mechanism to, as they call it, browse the uncompromised web. So we’re excited about that. We’re also excited about the adoption of AIR because a number of these manufacturers look at AIR as a way to, frankly, attract our developer and our content ecosystem to their platforms.
Shantanu Narayen: And Phil, as it related to the enterprise performance in the quarter, again, our enterprise sales force actually has sales numbers for the Acrobat and the Creative Suite deals where we are driving site-wide licenses as well as for both the Omniture annual contract value and the LiveCycle enterprise license revenue. Across the board, we had a very strong quarter. And so certainly in the Creative segment, because you asked about that, we were able to drive a number of significant transactions where the customers are adopting CS5 across the breadth of their publishing platform. And even in the enterprise space, which is in the LiveCycle space, we had a strong quarter. And we just have to continue to execute against that in Q1 and moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: I see. Okay. No, I got that. Yes. What we’re hearing from our customers across the board is they are trying to get their content and they are going to try and get their applications across as many platforms and as many devices as they can. And we think that the focus that existed on the format, frankly, was overblown, because if you are a customer, you’re just trying to deal with how do I get my content and applications across to multiple devices, multiple formats, multiple screens. Specifically with respect to Apple, you’re right. We now do support AIR. On the iDevices, we continue to make enhancements with respect to AIR on the iDevices, and we do expect that customers, if you are a content creator or an application developer, would like to use Adobe’s creative tools in that entire workflow. And so we do think long-term this need for a consistent cross-platform reliable environment will continue to be there. And so – and we’re the company that’s going to produce the best tools for all of them.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Ross, I think we’ve talked about the mobile revolution clearly being upon us. And I do think Android is going to be one of the clear winners in that mobile ecosystem. We’re already working with them very closely. As you know, they support Flash. They also support AIR to do a lot of their publishing as well as casual gaming and enterprise applications. I think in 2011 you’re going to see more enterprise applications also emerge on Android platforms. The RIM platform as well, the playbook is getting a lot of very positive accolades as well. You’re just going to see hundreds of millions of these smartphones emerge, with people then wanting to create content and applications for them. And I think our challenge and our opportunities, how do we move quickly as these operating systems change to make sure that our tools are being used effectively, not only to create the content but also to emulate content. But more specifically with Android, the momentum in the marketplace is definitely there. And as they continue to release new versions of that, we’re definitely going to stay lockstep with them to make sure that our authoring applications are used.
Shantanu Narayen: I think there are two things that we’re hearing from our customers that we’re really going to be looking at, as we target future releases. The first one is, as these new Oss come that you yourself asked about, are we making sure that we have support for them pretty coincident with the releases of the operating system so people can not only get the OS, but they can get great tools that work in conjunction with that. So that’s one of the trends that driving or looking at more frequent releases. The second one, and we talked about this, was the pilot that we ran in Australia where, as we introduced new versions, we have a unique ability to also introduce new business models with it. We had a subscription pilot that we talked about in Australia where we found that a number of people were attracted to the platform and the net revenue to Adobe was actually greater than what it would have been have we not introduced this alternate pricing models. And so that’s another one of the macro factors that is driving how we look at future releases. So hopefully that gives you two pieces of color of how we are thinking about the release. But again, make no mistake, for Q1, we’re really focused on continuing to drive the untapped opportunity that we think exists to make sure that CS5 continues to be adopted, both by individual freelancers, by non-creative professionals, as well as by large creative houses. And finally, I would say, targeting these customers, not just with the Content Authoring applications but with the Digital Publishing Suite. So, as we modify the Digital Publishing Suite, we want to make sure that support for that publishing suite also finds its way in the authoring tools as well as support for the online marketing tools. So there is a lot going on within the company.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Sarah, first, the three growth trends that we talked about, that was the reason why at the analyst meeting we were trying to give you different growth rates for each of them. Specifically in the enterprise, we’re definitely seeing this fast-growing trend for both enterprises and government to invest larger amounts of money in re-platforming their customer experience efforts. And for those customers, actually it’s being driven by this multi-device, multi-channel world, in which customers need to figure out a way in which how they are attracting customers, on-boarding them and rolling them, as well as providing support for them. And so these offerings are actually increasing in sophistication. So whether it’s streamlining order management processes, whether it’s multi-channel self-service applications like telecom communication companies are doing, whether it’s new platforms or online banking, we’re definitely seeing a new era of what we are calling the CEM applications, interactive statements invoices, customer communications. And now our offering with what we did with LiveCycle with PDF forms, the ability to put Flash and engaging user experiences on top of that, the ability to provide content management and social interaction with the Day offerings, and frankly the majority of our own sales and marketing efforts in targeting those customers, all of that lead to a greater confidence in our ability to drive meaningful growth rates for us as a company.
Shantanu Narayen: And with respect to Europe, Adam, I’d attribute that to a couple of different issues. The first one is, we definitely do see an uptick from Q3, which as you know is our seasonally weak quarter in Europe to Q4. And I think it was great execution on the part of both our sales and our marketing team. We had a healthy pipeline going into Q4, and frankly we executed against that.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, as it relates to Day’s contribution in our Enterprise segment moving forward, Adam, the real focus for us is to position our offering as the Customer Experience Management offering and to continue to drive higher transactions with respect to the customer, much like we did with LiveCycle where we had a LiveCycle product for bar code or a LiveCycle product for document generation, we’ve been selling the entire platform and driving greater value to our customers. So we would expect, and the sales strategy is very much one offering a solution-based sale where LiveCycle, Day and Connect will be parts of the components that are built into it. So all of that factor into the 20% enterprise growth that we expect to see in 2011.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Dan, as it relates to creating content and applications, when you think about the kind of content and applications that are being created, when imaging is part of the workflow, certainly Photoshop plays a pretty key role in making that happen. When you’re trying to deal with Vector, we have products like illustration – like Illustrator that is used. And for video, as I also outlined, you’re continuing to see adoption of Premiere Pro in the video category. And so one really has to look at it across each of the segments. We certainly have hundreds of apps that are built completely in AIR that are also on the Apple store right now. But it’s hard to take one particular number, but certainly we know that when images are being touched up for introduction within an application, or Vector is being done, or you are trying to animate page layout or repurpose page layout, a lot of that originates in Adobe tools.
Shantanu Narayen: Again, I think when you talk about each of the different categories, we certainly have high market share in each of the categories. I think our products, as I said, are also certainly being used more for multi-format as well as multi-screen. Take some of the innovation that we’ve provided as well with the HTML5 support, both within Dreamweaver as well as within Illustrator, we know that we’re getting a lot of customer adoption from that. When we look at BrowserLab, which is investigating how people are using the different browsers on different platforms, again the adoption of that service on our website is increasing quite a bit. So it’s hard to pin a number on it. What we do know anecdotally is that our customers are certainly looking to us to help them with this multi-format. And as the mobile system actually fragments even more, we will increasingly be used to create products.
Shantanu Narayen: I think the key takeaways from me, Rob, as it relates to the CS5 cycle are, first, the amount of innovation that we’ve produced. Across the world, people are appreciative of what we’ve done. From shape of the cycle, we continue to expect that cycle to have adoption across our customers, as traditionally happens, and moves from the early adopters to more enterprises and more broad-scale deployments. And nothing that we’ve seen in the cycle suggests that it would be different from the previous cycles that we’ve had, and it continues to show strength relative to the CS4 cycle. So we continue to be pleased with what we are seeing in CS5.
Shantanu Narayen: Heather, I think that’s a good assumption. I think fundamentally the messages that customers are saying that they have had to deal with some much change so quickly. The publishing industry, which may have seen a little bit less innovation is actually going to a phase of more tremendous innovation and change, and they want Adobe to help address that for them. And so we are definitely going to step up. You saw us introduce the digital publishing solution. You’re seeing us introduce content protection solutions to help them protect that content. You’re seeing us do more streaming solutions. And so we’re going to respond to our customers and make sure that we can continue to deliver leading solutions and not let anybody come in. I think tablet devices is another opportunity for us to introduce a new functionality. We showed some of that at MAX where you can use tablets in conjunction with our desktop products. And so it’s just the pace is accelerating, and we intend to continue to be the market leader there.
Shantanu Narayen: Okay. So two separate questions, Mike, in that. The first question as it relates to what we are seeing on the Omniture side, we were very pleased with what we were able to do on our bookings and annual contract value, both in Q4 and frankly in 2010. And the customer adoption of Omniture continues to be, from our point of view, ahead of what we have thought when we made the acquisition. Clearly, our focus is on continuing to drive adoption of not just site analytics but the entire suite, which is the visitor acquisition products and the visitor conversion products. And that dynamic continues. And the larger customers who wish to save their own data and click their data proprietary to them are certainly adopting Omniture. The other thing that we monitor and keep track of is the number of mobile transactions that we are now monitoring as well as the amount of video because we see these as two explosive areas that we want to make sure that Omniture is being used to track usage, both on mobile devices as well as video. And I think for mobile devices at something like 6 million now are coming up to in a week. And so we’re seeing nice adoption of our Omniture technology in these new particular areas. And so, excited about it, as we expand into new geographies, as we invest in sales and marketing, as we integrate with our Creative set of products, we definitely see upside. As it relates to synergies with our other businesses, I think there is a very significant synergy between the Day business as well as the Omniture business, because anybody who is moving their business online, what Day allows you to do is have a leading content management solution that allows you to publish their web content as well as now analyze and optimize it. So, expect to see us have templates, so to speak, within the Omniture offering, which allow us to say, as you bring up Day, you can automatically start to do the site analytics associated with it. So there is both low-hanging fruit and deeper integrations that we will continue to work on as we move through the year. And maybe in summary then, as we look at it, certainly we think that 2010 was a successful year for Adobe. We’re really looking forward to 2011 and continuing to deliver great innovative products to a broader set of customers and focusing frankly on our vision of helping change the world through digital experiences. So, thank you again for joining us today. Happy holidays, and we look forward to talking to you next year.
Mark Garrett: Steve, it’s Mark. Actually, before I even answer that, let me correct one thing in our prepared remarks. I said we saw stability in the US and Asia with no significant changes in the enterprise market. I meant to say Education market. So just to clarify – the point there was we haven’t seen any significant change in education or Japan based on our comments for Q3. So with that out there, it’s a couple things, Steve, that’s guiding us up as we go into next quarter. We saw really good performance towards the end of the quarter, both in our run rate business, our shrink wrap, sell-through and licensing business, as well as what Shantanu just spoke about, the larger deals in the enterprise. So, with the strength that we saw towards the end of the quarter in both, we thought it was appropriate to give the guidance that we did for Q1.
Mark Garrett: So I’ll start. On the education side, we had a good quarter in education. We had a good quarter in last quarter in education. It always does tick down a little bit in our fourth quarter. It actually didn’t tick down as much as it usually does. What we are commenting on is the fact that in the third quarter, education was a little below our expectations. And that market has still got budget constraints around it as it relates to the institutions. But we still believe that will be a very successful large vertical for us going into next year. So we’re still upbeat about that business. We just haven’t seen any significant change. And then on Japan, we will see a seasonal uptick in Japan as they go into their fourth quarter. So, from a geographic perspective, if you assume kind of the midpoint of our range, you would expect North America, EMEA and Asia without Japan to be flat to slightly up, and you would expect Japan to be up.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Brent. So you’re right. We had been saying for a while that we would keep margins at 2010 levels, which would be 36.6. And our view now with the cost controls that we’ve been able to put in place in the company, the Q4 demand that we see, the three focus areas that Shantanu talked about from a solutions perspective, we believe that we can expand those margins slightly in 2011. Exactly what slightly means, I can’t say for you at this point, but they will be better than 36.6.
Mark Garrett: Going into Q1, we are fully through that. This quarter there was approximately 3 million impact, but we’re now done with that.
Mark Garrett: Yes. It’s Mark. The biggest piece of that right now is Omniture, but there is more than just Omniture in there. We have some Connect revenue in there. We have Scene7 in there. As we build out some of these subscription services that we tested in Australia that Shantanu just mentioned, that will go in there. So I can’t give you a number per se, but clearly we want to drive that 20% higher and higher, getting people to buy maintenance on our Creative tools is another major stream for that. So there’s a lot of opportunity to drive that number up, as we look out into 2011 and beyond.
Mark Garrett: It’s not a significant step-up. It happens over the course of the year, as people start to renew. So you don’t get that step-up all at once.
Mark Garrett: Yes. There was one unique item in other income. We had hedged for the Day acquisition, and it turned out that we were able to book as a result of the Swiss Franc strengthening versus the dollar, a gain of $12 million in the quarter, and it goes to other income for that Day hedge. And as it relates to geographies, as we look at next year and we expect to grow at least 10%, we’re basically going to have to see that growth across every geography. Like I said, for Q1, I would expect North America, Europe and Asia to be flat to up. We would expect Japan to be up. And over the course of the year, we would expect every geography to be up.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Kash, it’s Mark. On the tax rate, yes, 22%. That’s both from the R&D tax credit as well as frankly some good tax planning on our part. And one of the things that I want you all to focus on like we do is earnings per share. We’re not just driving strong operating margins. We’re trying to drive strong earnings per share growth as well. And that’s a factor of both managing the tax rate proactively and driving the share count down, which I think we’ve done a really good job on. So with the tax rate next year, you’re looking at 22%, which includes the R&D tax credit. From a US perspective, the beauty of Adobe is we’ve got this very diversified business. So the US, maybe it was a little lighter than you would have guessed, but look at how strong Europe came in. So we believe that we’re going to grow 10% next year. Like I said, we believe all geographies will grow next year. And we’re pretty happy with the performance across the board.
Mark Garrett: We said each geography would be flat to slightly up at roughly, you know, if you assume the midpoint of the range.
Mark Garrett: So, again, Kash, what we saw at the end of the quarter gives us confidence going into next quarter. We saw strong demand towards the end of the quarter in all of our businesses, particularly in Europe, and that’s what gives us the confidence going into Q1.
Mark Garrett: Hi. Yes. So on the Day acquisition, there was – I think it was a few million dollars of deferred revenue write-down. It’s not significant. It’s not worth even worrying about to tell you the truth. And on the –
