Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I’ll talk about that, Walter. I mean, we wanted to be clear in our communication that Q3 subscription bookings were below our expectations, but that in no way diminishes both, our excitement around the opportunity and how we’re helping companies deal with digital transformation. And when you see the minor impact of that Q3 bookings to our Q4 revenue target, you’ll see that we’re still targeting 24% revenue growth in fiscal 2017. So, as we think about providing a little bit more color on how we inspect that business, as you know, Walter, there are three components to the Experience Cloud. There is the non-recurring revenue sources including perpetual and that’s now de minimis in the consulting services. The largest part of the business is now represented by our subscription based model in both marketing cloud and analytics cloud. And growth there is best described I think by net growth on the book of business at the beginning of the year, and that’s very similar to how we describe Digital Media ARR. That continues to grow and we are expecting that book of business to grow organically at greater than 20% this year. So, the fact that we highlighted revenue in certain categories, has nothing to do with an implication that there was revenue weakness in AEM. So, wanted to get that out there. In Advertising Cloud, the business model again, as you know is the traditional usage based model and/or percentage of advertising spend. This includes an organic -- inorganic compare in FY17 but again, that will grow substantially over 30% this year. And so, the way we think about it, the 30% target that we had given was actually based on a different methodology which was prior to the acquisition of TubeMogul and was blended across both the subscription and the usage based models, and was actually growth on top of last year’s growth in the business as opposed to just net growth on the beginning book of business. So, the business remains healthy. There were some large deals that were taking longer. But we expect the traditional year-end strength across Experience Cloud will lead to a substantial increase in sequential bookings from Q3 to Q4, which was the last part of your question, very stringent focus on execution, and we remain excited about the business. We will probably provide an update to you guys at MAX as well.
Shantanu Narayen: As it relates to the Q3 pipeline, that did not close, it’s primarily moved to Q4, it has nothing to do. We still remain the leader in the category and it’s not competitive. So, we expect the traditional year-end strength across Experience Cloud will lead, as I said earlier, to the substantial increase in sequential bookings. But we are also anticipating that as a result of the larger deals, there is a possibility that we will continue to see an ongoing larger sales cycle that might lead to a phase shift in terms of when the bookings are closed. And so, we don’t think that the fundamental opportunity has changed. With respect to the Advertising Cloud, we had a strong quarter. And as I said, the business is growing substantially over 30% this year. So, no impact yet in terms of what we are seeing with respect to cookies or iOS. The advertising spend, I think Mark also spoke to in his prepared remarks, we have a significant amount of dollars under marketing spend.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, one thing, Sterling, that is happening is given that these are much larger deals, the number of approvals that you need within an enterprise is extending beyond the marketing person who is responsible for this activity. And so, as we were targeting the Chief Revenue Officer, the Chief Digital Officer that was a single point of approval, now there may be a couple of points of approval. But beyond that, it’s just the bigger engagements, is resulting in more people in an organization, who are responsible for digital transformation and being involved in the process.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think people agreed [ph] too much into this as opposed to the fact that, we are being as candid and transparent as we always are. The big term opportunity remains exactly the same.
Shantanu Narayen: And also Ross, more nascent businesses like Adobe Stock and Adobe Sign are continuing to perform really well, international expansion continues to grow, and new customer acquisition, so as well as enterprise services. So, continued focus on that. And last but certainly not least, you can see that impact of Acrobat on that overall business continues to be strong. Acrobat had a strong business in both, Document Cloud as well as in the Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think, first, Ross, the market opportunity continues to be incredibly large. I think we’ve talked about 40 billion TAM. I think you’ve got it exactly when you talked about, that was a growth-on-growth number as opposed to just a percentage growth on the book-of-business. And so, when we look at it as a percentage growth on the book-of-business which is similar to what we do in digital media, as I said, the Marketing Cloud and Analytics Cloud will grow greater than 20% then the Advertising Cloud is going to be substantially greater than 30%. And so relative to the market opportunity, we continue to think that there is headroom for us and we continue to be the leader.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. With respect to Adobe Stock, we just continue to think it’s a significant opportunity for us. Big picture, we offer it both in conjunction with the Creative Cloud all apps as well as we offer it as a subscription. We have actually tapered down the on-demand part of the Adobe Stock in favor of the subscription, so that it becomes a recurring part of the business. I think it’s clear when you look at the other stock content services that the growth in that category, we are continuing to drive it. We’ve added new capabilities in video as well. But the business is growing well for us across our offerings which are primarily subscription based offerings.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Heather. When we look at the business, I think as we add new categories of products in the authoring space, whether it’s Adobe XD, or whether it’s what we are doing with Project Felix and as we think about AR and VR, the first that we can continue to do is think about is it time to also offer another premium Creative Cloud service that can drive and up-sell in terms of ARR. We continue to see good adoption of new single apps as was also evident in the Creative Suite business of old. That’s the way in which people enter the platform and then, we move them from single app to the entire Creative Cloud offering. Services, the ARPU in the enterprise continues to grow as people adopt the services. And we are certainly in the process and have seen success in attaching whether it’s Stock or whether it’s Sign to those Creative Could enterprise term license agreements. We haven’t yet started even looking at pricing, which continues to be a big opportunity for us in terms of optimizing pricing because we are trying to get more and more people to the platform. So, I think net international expansion, Mark talked about education and piracy, it’s -- the nature of everybody who has a story to tell is just expanding. I am excited about Spark and now offering Spark as a premium feature, which we think there should be a significantly larger set of people who would be interested in Spark. So, across all of those dimensions Heather, the cross-sell of people who have the applications through mobile and stock, the upsell from individual users to the entire suite and also from enterprises, not only adopting asset management and Creative Cloud ETLAs but also adopting the Marketing Cloud, I think all of those continue to be areas of focus and execution for us.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, at our analyst meetings, we always take it upon ourselves to talk about our long-term growth opportunities, whether they’d be in Creative, Document or Marketing Cloud. And as we talk about the large TAM available to us, it’s clear actually that we are executing against all three of those. And so, we will continue to provide updates at MAX. But from the point of view of your specific question around Creative, we think we are so early in the adoption of our Creative Cloud applications and services and mobile and new forms of offering that any concern associated with sort of migration being the only fuel of the business, we should have put that to bed a long time ago in terms of the new customer acquisition and the new services that are driving the growth. So, a multiple opportunities. I hope you are coming to MAX where you will see a lot of the tremendous innovation, and we’ll again outline all of the growth vectors that are available for us.
Shantanu Narayen: So, Jay, I’ll go third backwards. And so first on Acrobat, I think we’ve said in the past, we had over 30 million installations of Acrobats. So clearly that represents a large opportunity. I think mobile PDF creation with what we’ve done with Adobe Scan and the ability for all of those assets to be in the cloud and to use Adobe Sensei to do things like OCR, clearly we see large opportunity. That business has migrated faster than we would have thought to subscription based business while we are growing the overall base. So, large opportunity, continue to be focused on it, and clearly, I think to your point, we are much earlier in the cycle in terms of migrating. I think as for the second one that you talked about within the enterprise, the opportunity associated with how people move from traditional lifecycle to new forms capabilities in the AEM stack, absolutely that continues to be a large opportunity as people are moving from paper to digital, the ability to now electronic signatures which completes the last mile of that workflow is again an opportunity whether that’s in government or whether that’s in enterprises that are regulated, continues to be a large opportunity. And on the CC Team versus CCE, we look at that a little bit more honestly as a buying preference that people have where some people are buying CC Team and they are getting that fulfilled through the channel, and others are CC Enterprise and want the direct relationship with the customer and with Adobe in that particular case. In both those scenarios, we’re focused on up-selling services as opposed to migrating them from one buying vehicle to another buying vehicle. So, on that one, I would say, the focus is more on how do we get both of those categories to buy more of the services rather than necessarily transition them at their preferences buying through the channel or adobe.com to having that CC Enterprise relationship with Adobe.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Keith. I mean, as it relates to Sensei, I mean, we’ve had as we’ve outlined on many occasions, decades of significant expertise, whether it’s an understanding video, understanding images, understanding the semantic meaning of documents, and on the Experience Cloud side everything to do with predicting based on these large data sets, behavior that will drive otpizmation of business outcomes on behalf of our customers. And as we embed more and more of that intelligence that people have access to directly in how they use their products, I think the aha moment is going. I think people have that more and more on the creative side when they saw the magic that they saw within our products. And now what we are doing is actually ensuring that the ability for them to action all of the insights that we are getting is far more within the hands of the users. So, as you point out, the feedback that we are getting on Sensei across all of our offerings is very positive. I do want to clarify one issue as it relates to the question around monetization of intelligence in our applications is there are other companies that are saying we’re going to monetize the intelligence separately, does that mean that their other applications and dumb and don’t have actually the functionality. So, for us we just look at all of the technology that we are putting in and it’s making our existing products that are already world class better. So that’s the way I look at it. We are not going to go and say you can buy the non-intelligent product for a $1 and you can buy the additional intelligent product for additional $1 amount. That makes no sense whatsoever, Keith. But the intelligence is being appreciated. We are investing very deeply in it. And from our point of view, the best is getting better.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Keith. I think we’ve had tremendous success with actually migrating people from the traditional way of procuring the Creative applications from us into ETLAs. And I think we have described in the past how the first version of that ETLA was in effect mimicking the sort of different solutions that they got in Creative suite. In other words, Creative suite was available as a design collection or as a master collection or as a video collection, and the first versions of ETLAs in terms of doing no harm, we were just providing an equivalent way for them to license the Creative Cloud applications. The second wave of that as they are rolling off the three years, we have been very active in up-selling them into the Creative Cloud Complete application which is an increase in ARPU for us as well as selling them new services like Stock and Sign, which is additional revenue. And so, the way we measure the business and I look at this all the time, is migrating all ETLA customers first to Creative Cloud, then to Creative Cloud Complete and then monitoring usage of not just Creative Cloud all of our applications but also monitoring Stock as well as Sign. And so, we are well on our way to the journey, which is leading to better satisfaction on the part of our customers and clearly increase revenue and ARPU to us here at the Adobe.
Shantanu Narayen: Good question, Derrick. I think we are definitely entrenched in the accounts where the selling motion or process doesn’t have to change as a result of what we are seeing because they know about us; the cycle may take a little bit longer. With respect to your second question, there is no doubt that there is additional scrutiny on ensuring whatever the frameworks are to protect the data appropriately. If you go to our website, you’ll see were leader and whether it’s FedRAMP and the government or looking at it as HIPAA or healthcare and ensuring that all of those standards as part of Adobe’s security framework and our data privacy framework that we’ve taken the lead on that. I think the third part of your question associated with are we then finding ways that enable our customers to monetize the insight associated with that data, that’s clearly something that we’ve been doing for a while including with the data co-op go up that we’ve announced in terms of being able to monetize their data. So at all three levels, we feel confident. Namely, we have the right people on the table, we deal with all of the checkless items that are important for them to feel comfortable with our solutions, and we’re providing business value and business outcome.
Shantanu Narayen: Within the Creative Cloud, I think we’ve touched on the fact that video is clearly the most exclusive category that we’re seeing, IBC was another great opportunity for us. Within video, we had already added some 360/VR capabilities. The technology that we’ve acquired also was available as plug-ins to some of our applications. But as we have done traditionally, we take those plug-ins and apply that natively, because then the performance is significantly better and the usability of that functionality is better. So big picture, we look at it saying, video is certainly exploding with the leaders in that video as Apple and other companies do a lot more innovation on things as AR and VR, extending our existing applications and continuously looking at new opportunities like we did with Project Felix to enable people to author [ph] for those. There is no question that’s going to lead to both an increased set of new users as well as established users asking from Adobe support for all of those new media types. So both represent long-term opportunities for us, and we’re pleased with the performance.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, let’s start with the partnering. We clearly see an opportunity with Microsoft to partner. We have -- that’s far more than a press release, we’re open for business on that particular front, both with AEM and with Campaign in terms of managed service implementation on Azure and integration with Dynamics as well as integration with the PowerBI is certainly an opportunity. That pipeline is growing very healthily. We will be at Microsoft events. I think they’ve been participating in the Adobe events. So, on partnership wide, we have a platform that enables a number of small startups to also benefit from and leverage our data assets. That’s the one that I would highlight first and foremost. With respect to M&A, I’m certainly not going to highlight for the smaller companies that may be on our radar, what we are interested in to drive our price. But, we feel really good about the overall portfolio that we have. And in terms of the available market and growth opportunities for what we already have, we feel really good. We will continuously look at adjacencies in order to continue to extend our lead, but nothing stands out as a weakness or gap in our portfolio.
Shantanu Narayen: I think those are two separate issues. And we want to make sure, Keith that we separate the two separate issues. Because when we started the second half of the year and provided targets for the remainder of the year for the Digital Marketing revenue segment, even at that point, we had talked about while we were targeting 25% which is now 24%, we expected sequentially Q3 to be higher from a year-over-year growth perspective than Q4. So, there is nothing that you should read into the 17% because that’s something that we had outlined at the beginning of the second half of the year. So, I wanted to make sure we clarified that.
Shantanu Narayen: Correct. And as it relates to the long-term growth prospects, I think we’ve outlined how large this opportunity is. We’re not proving FY18 targets right now. But nothing has changed, as it relates to the substantial opportunity that exists for the offerings that we have as people embark on digital transformation.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think on the first question, I mean, there’s nothing that we are outlining except continued focus on execution with respect to sales execution. So, that one is an easy one. As it relates to the stack ranking, I think you are right in saying that B2C clearly represented the first beachhead in terms of people who are embarking on digital transformation. However, there are a number of customers who are already in the B2B space who are adopting our solutions because they are going through absolutely the same scenarios and they have been using our solutions in order to deliver digital transformation whether it’s B2B or B2C. So while the first beachhead was B2C, we have already made traction and continue to see opportunity in B2B. As it relates to your question around going down market and the existence of a customer record, I think the big differentiation in our particular product is not about the customer record as much as it’s the ability to in real time deliver the customer experience. And I think over time, the existence of what’s on disc as a customer record is far less important than what is in memory in terms of being able to deliver the digital experience. So, I think the game is completely changing to an in-memory how do you action based on all the data that you have, the behavior, the demographics rather than an existence or a flat file or a record associated with it. And that’s really what we are focused on. We talk about it as the last millisecond in the Experience Cloud. And big picture, I think that’s where we will continue to across all digital touchpoints where a customer engages with an enterprise, ensure that we deliver the best possible customer experience. And given that was the last question, in close, we are absolutely proud of the strong financial results we reported in Q3. And I think you’re clearly seeing the leverage that exists in our business model. We remain excited about the growth opportunities, clear the strategy, whether it’s empowering people to bring their creativity to life or enabling businesses to transform, continuous to resonate with customers from individuals to the larger enterprises. We have a strong portfolio of products. And this represents multiple multi-year growth opportunities. And we continue to be one of the only companies that’s delivering stellar top-line and bottom-line financial results. We hope you are going to join us at MAX because we are going to showcase tremendous innovation and we will provide update at our Analyst Meeting in conjunction with MAX. With that, thank you for joining us today.
Mark Garrett: Yes. We’re very pleased with ARR and we’re very pleased with the fact, to your point Ross, that we’ve been able to continue to add over $1 billion every year. And as you know, it comes from three big groups. So, we’re still migrating the base over, there is still opportunity there. We continue to attract more and more new users, and that remains a very big opportunity, and we continue to sell services. So, those three growth vectors still play out very nicely. We don’t really see any change in that right now. We are very pleased with what we’ve been able to do. And as Shantanu laid out on the marketing side, this 1 billion plus dollars that we’re adding every year is an increase to our book of business, which is how we were trying to explain the way we will begin to look at digital marketing. So, no change to the trajectory from our perspective.
Mark Garrett: And not to pile on, but we also continue to see an opportunity to combat piracy and drive more into education. So, there is just a lot of growth vectors left in this business.
Mark Garrett: As it relates to the Creative business -- so first of all, Adam, congrats on the new job, welcome back.
Mark Garrett: As a relates to the Creative business, most people are on an annual plan already. So that gets factored into deferred revenue already. The beauty of our business and you guys all know this, but the beauty of our business overall is that you’ve got two businesses, three businesses growing very nicely and two of which just are amazingly profitable businesses that drive a lot of cash flow, and that’s going to continue. So, we’re thrilled with the cash flow; that is one of the beautiful parts of our business, and that will continue. But, as it relates to deferred, most people are already on an annual plan on the creative side. So, it’s really factored in there.
Mark Garrett: To the extent that we in a quarter come up a little short on bookings like we did this quarter, you’re going to come up a little short on invoicing and you’re going to come up a little sure on deferred. And that’s why we said, in the deferred, most of what you saw there was Digital Media related. So, there is definitely a correlation there. But again, none of the fundamentals of the business have changed, none of the opportunity has changed. This is from our perspective, just a short-term change to drive larger transactions in the enterprise.
Mark Garrett: Yes. It’s Mark. We’ve said for a while now that our incremental spend, if you look at it quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year, is going to be primarily in sales and marketing and R&D. And we’re going to need to continue to invest in sales and marketing to drive both, awareness on the Creative Cloud side and sales capacity on the digital marketing side. So, I don’t foresee that changing, especially as you look out and we continue to drive growth in both of those businesses.
Mark Garrett: And the reason Keith that we had a 25% target as opposed to what used to be a 20% target for revenue was specifically because of Tube. So, that was factored in both the quarter and the year.
