Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. It is an exciting time at Adobe. The company is undergoing a significant transformation and our mission of changing the world through digital experiences has never been more relevant. We continue to focus on our 3 large growth opportunities: content authoring, digital marketing optimization and customer experience management, and most importantly, on the synergies among them.  Increasingly, we are finding that the real power is in creating customer solutions like digital publishing and web experience management that integrate our product lines. This will be a major thrust for us moving forward. Regardless of whether our customers are major media companies, enterprises, government agencies or educational institutions, they all face the same challenge with their digital content and applications. They need to make compelling experiences that will scale across media and devices, manage their assets to streamline touch points with customers, mobilize the experiences to easily reach their audience across every channel and measure the effectiveness of experiences to maximize customer conversion and revenue. This need has never been more critical than it is right now. And we see the opportunities for Adobe continuing to grow as the digital landscape becomes richer and more diverse.  Adobe's success has always been due to our incredible team of employees throughout the world. I would like to especially recognize the contributions of our employees in Japan who showed tremendous commitment to serving customers following the earthquakes and tsunami. Their dedication help limit the impact on our business in Q2. Thank you for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Steve. Why don't I take that? But before I answer that specifically, let me maybe give you a few more observations on 5.5 as we looked at it after the first quarter. And clearly, it was the first step in us moving to an annual cycle. And so I think we've successfully transitioned against that strategy which really allows us to deliver more innovations on a more regular basis and introduce new business models. When we saw the results, it is clearly demonstrating that it's extending the life of CS5 and we expect to see the CS5 and 5.5 revenue actually cross the CS3 revenue within the comparable period right now. So it's clear that it continues to do well in the marketplace. The products that were updated in the CS5.5, and you know that all products were not updated, we're clearly off to a strong start, which I think again, reflects the need in the marketplace. So the Web and video products, specifically the Master Collection, production premium and Web premium. And Steve, I think there are a couple features that seem to resonate particularly with the customers. Clearly, the HTML offering that we're providing is resonating. Mobile app creation, now that we can have mobile apps that are created and deployed across the i devices, Android devices and the RIM devices. The other thing that we're also seeing frankly is the tie in from those products to our digital publishing suite. And so for people who wish to use our digital publishing suite, a lot of those products also enable you to participate in that entire workflow. So I think that's a sampling of what we've seen. And with respect to which customers, I mean we clearly have very, very loyal customers. So a number of the customers who adopted were customers who were on CS5. But in addition to that, as we've said, we're targeting the earlier version customers, namely the CS4 and the CS3 customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Brent, I mean I think with respect to 5.5, the fact that we've embraced and we're actually rapidly doing future development for HTML5, as people think about the different media formats, that's clearly resonating with customers. I'll say Digital publishing has really been a pleasant surprise as it relates to people whether they're publishing catalogs, magazines, video training material, all of the media solutions, that's been a pleasant surprise. We're definitely starting to see as we sell content management and we sell analytics people want Creative Suite part of that. So I mean what's really playing out nicely is as we're selling to the marketers, each of the different products are leading to other product sales. So we've seen some fairly significant multimillion dollar deals with all of the Creative customers. And I think people are looking forward frankly, to the next release as well, because there's a significant anticipation that's being built up for all the cool thing that we can do in imaging with Photoshop. And there's a lot of exciting stuff underway. Maybe the last comment is video, I mean we are definitely making significant traction in video with our offering tools. People have seen the quality that we've put in so for broadcast as well as high-end video. We're clearly gaining market share. And on subscriptions, I think, Mark just alluded to that. We are seeing new customers coming to the platform as a result of subscription. So it's not material yet, but what we are pleased with is people who would otherwise, not be attracted to the Adobe Platform. It's clear that subscriptions is helping attract new customers to the platform.
Shantanu Narayen: So Mike, I'm glad you asked about Adobe Edge. I think there's actually going to be a YouTube video that's being posted up later this day to talk about some of the key new functionality. Clearly, what Flash did a phenomenal job of is, everything from rich Internet advertising to completely interactive games. That's what people are using Flash for. And that's actually increasing. When it comes to delivering these capabilities for PC, we've seen no letup whatsoever in people using Flash. But now people are trying to push the envelope with how they can use HTML5 to do the same things, whether it's apps for mobile devices, whether it's interactive games and completely new interactive websites. And so think of it as everything that you could do with Flash Professional as that capability gets added to HTML overtime, and it will take many years before the functionality is comparable, we want Adobe Edge to be the best way in which people create, whether it's animation, interactivity or rich Internet applications using HTML5. So that sort of conceptually what we're doing. With annual releases, we're still very focused right now on 5.5 and to also the question that Brent asked, continuing to drive that through the cycle until we release the next version. But I think it is fair to say that when we go to an Annual Release, the cadence will be about the same quarter because that's what really enables us even with Enterprises to get to be far more of an annual release cycle and have maintenance be a more meaningful part of the business.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, so as we did with CS5 itself, we are moving to a more consistent release schedule where all major releases are released at the same time. The reality is, we're in a global world and so the day we announced the product, the interest, whether it's in North America, whether it's in another part of the world, is consistent. So yes, expect to see us do simultaneous releases of all major languages moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: I would say that this one was more of the transition cycle. And so I expect to see most of the major products being updated with the future releases.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Ross. Why don't I take that? First, we have 34% year-over-year growth. The excitement around what we are delivering with the Adobe Digital Enterprise Platform, the fact that we are selling deals between Day and Omniture. And our business, we are definitely making a mark. As it relates to specifically in the quarter, yes. Some of that impact was Europe. Otherwise, it looks really strong. We had talked about government in the past being some of the deals being pushed. We're seeing government come back strong, the budgets have been rereleased. I was in DC earlier last week, and it's clear that they now have their budgets and our solutions are resonating there as well. So I'm very excited about the progress that we are making across the CEM.
Shantanu Narayen: There's no question, Ross, that if there are going to be multiple platforms. Any provider that provides tools that enable people to deliver applications across those environments, that value proposition is strong. I think it's clearly true that with Apple first, people started to build native applications. But as you are starting to see these new platforms take off, whether they be Android, whether they be what HP is going to come out with the touchpad, as Microsoft and RIM deliver their mobile environments. Customers are clearly struggling with being able to deal with all of these different platforms. The other thing that we've done and with Flash Builder for our 0.5, which is also being released, is we actually now allow native extensions. And so one of the things that I think we've done very creatively is allow people to use a common framework for the most part, but optimize for each of these native environments using the native extensions. And that's clearly something that's resonating. So you can take advantage of any specific features that you have. Whether they be in Android or iOS. And we have thousands of applications that people are building cross-platform. And I just think as there are more platforms, people are going to deliver that. And the last thing I would say is when you build applications, people are building applications both within the web browser and they're building standalone applications. And if you can bridge that gap, I think there's a value proposition there for application developers around the world.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So again, just to clarify what the business model is with the digital publishing suite, which was in beta up until very recently. And so you know, it's really just starting to ship from a commercial point of view. We have a couple of different versions. But the core business model is we charge a license fee and then think of it as a per issue, royalty fee associated with these titles as they scale. So clearly, the business is going to scale as more and more people target tablet devices across the world. Again as I said for a variety of different magazines, catalogs, newspapers and publishing systems. The other thing we do also is for people who want their Digital Publishing Suite, the tie-in with the Creative Suite and that the Creative Suite is the best way to author our photo SaaS-based services. So that's how we think about it. At the analyst meeting, we'll give you an update on the available market and the sizing of the market. But clearly, I look at it and it's going to be the same kind of growth that you saw with websites. Everybody's going to target these tablet devices and I think digital publishing suite positions us very effectively in that space. It's got analytics built in as well, so we charge for that the same way we charge our core analytics with Omniture. And over time, if you want to build your own solution, we will also have our content management solutions be part of that.
Shantanu Narayen: Adam, the way we are actually selling the entire Enterprise solution, we have, as you know, integrated everything together. So you have core content management that's provided by Day, you have the business process management that was provided as a result of what we had with LiveCycle, you have the rich Internet applications, front end and you have analytics. And so increasingly, all these sales are frankly the solutions that we have been delivering, rather than individual point products. And so the Enterprise sales force was trained from day one of fiscal 2011, to sell the entire solution. So we don't break up that revenue, either internally or externally.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Kash. I mean it's a good question. I think it just reflects frankly, the enthusiasm for the growth teams that we've been talking about. The Enterprise business grew 35% year-over-year, and we mentioned I think throughout the year, that, that's capacity constraint and that as we add more salespeople, it's clear that the demand is out there. Same thing is true of the Online Marketing, Digital Marketing business. And we haven't answered any questions yet about that, but that was record bookings again. And when you think about what's happening with respect to digital marketing, that category is exploding. Social analytics, we announced a beta of our product, and we add over 100 customers wanting to sign up. The businesses diversifying, side catalysts is again, the lowest percentage of the overall business. So the suite approach. And there again, without a doubt, as we add sales capacity, they're actually coming up to speed incredibly fast and contributing to the bottom line. Digital publishing and everything that's happening with Creative Suite, we've successfully transformed that to an annual cycle. We've dealt with mobile, we've built with HTML and Flash. And so the things that we've outlined in terms of the core businesses for the company, we're executing against all of those. And Acrobat again, continues to perform well. If there is a significant downturn, I think Mark has always demonstrated that we will find a way to deal with that situation. But right now, given the opportunities and given the fact that we're executing against it, that's going to be our plan of record.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Kash and again, I think when you look at, even the CS performance this quarter relative to the launch quarter of CS5, it continues to do well. Mobile, the amount of features that we've put in, in 5.5 as it relates to mobile, is actually the tip of the iceberg. And so again, the focus on 5.5 was to start to transition to the annual release. Most of the actual heavy investment has been left for delivery in the next version of our product, but we're pretty confident that even if you look at the targets that Mark spoke to earlier, we have to continue to drive 5 and ensure that people are dot 5[5.5] and these are both 5.5, both the 5 customers as well as the earlier version. So we're optimistic.
Shantanu Narayen: Jay. Another thing to add, CS -- in addition to CS moving to maintenance as Mark said, the entire Enterprise Platform that we just announced yesterday, that's also a SaaS-ready right now. And so I think we're way ahead of the competition in terms of being able to offer those kinds of Customer Experience Management solutions, either on-premise like we do with Connect or in the cloud. And so that's going to be an exciting new area for us as well moving forward.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So first, with respect to education as a vertical, it did really well for us in Q2. Clearly, we're coming up to the seasonally strong educational quarter, which is Q3 in North America. That's part of the reason for the sequential increase that Mark talked about as it relates to target in North America. And you're right, Dan, in that we do have a fairly comprehensive offering of products, while they use captivate in the e-learning solution. All of that stuff is actually played back in Flash as people build training and curriculum. And I would also reflect the fact that whether it's electronic books, our digital publishing suite can also be used for publishing electronic books. So the education vertical, the move towards electronic, whether it's textbooks, quizzes, surveys et cetera, it's clearly an area where people are using our tools. And that entire area drive for innovation. And I think we're well-positioned there.
Shantanu Narayen: I agree. The whole idea for Captivate was to target nonprogrammers, with being able to create compelling content and deliver that across. But you also referred to tablets, we've talked about how we're going to be very aggressive about getting tablets not just to be a consumption device, which is what they are today, but also to be a Creative device. So watch out for some really exciting new products. We've already delivered some for Photoshop. They've actually got a very good reception. But you will see Adobe deliver a very comprehensive product suite on all of these tablet devices.  And given that's the last question, maybe I'll just end with a few summary remarks again, which is it's an exciting time. We're really executing well against the transformation agenda that we set for ourselves. And frankly, it leverages the tremendous franchise that we have with both our Creative and our PDF tools. What we're clearly seeing is that a new category is being created for marketing within the Enterprise, much like finance happened with ERP or sales happened with CRM. And this area of marketing online, I don't think there's a company that's better positioned with a more comprehensive set of solutions for all of these marketers. So whether it's creating the authoring tools to create the content, whether it's a platform to manage and deliver and transport that content and measuring and monetizing and delivering it across all mobile environments. We think that's a category that's going to increase significantly. And all of our products are very well-positioned to be able to deal with that particular marketplace. We're very well-positioned in SaaS with all of these offerings as a combination of what we've done with digital marketing and customer experience. And mobile is also clearly driving a lot of the interest, whether it's on authoring, analytics or creating the multichannel solutions. So exciting time, I think it was a strong quarter for us. And we look forward to continuing to execute against the agenda we've set for ourselves.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Walter. On deferred revenue, yes, we were really pleased with deferred revenue. It did go up $39 million like I said. It's driven by a few things. It's clearly driven by the Omniture SaaS kind of ratable model which drives a lot of deferred revenue every quarter, especially as we see their bookings doing so well. We also have some royalty agreements that represent deferred revenue in there as well as maintenance and support. So it's kind of a combination of all those frankly, but obviously, a very good result from a deferred revenue perspective. And as it relates to Europe, it was somewhat off of our expectations. It was primarily in Northern Europe, which is the Nordic countries in the U.K., obviously. I wouldn't say that it was concentrated more towards the end of the quarter or the beginning of the quarter. I think it was fairly consistent tough-selling throughout the quarter. But again, we're very fortunate that we have a diversified model from a geographic perspective. Japan did a little better this quarter, Europe did a little worse than we thought and in the end, overall, we had a good quarter.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I think Brent, at this point, all I could probably say is that the decisions have been deferred or are taking longer than we would have anticipated.
Mark Garrett: Again, Brad, it was pretty much concentrated from a kind of expectation perspective that we had in Northern European countries. What we saw was customers delaying their purchases, slowing down the process to some extent. It was focused around like we said, Enterprise. There was some CS and there would be some Acrobat as well. So it was a little bit more broad based from a product perspective. And we've got -- as we guide going forward, things staying relatively stable. So that's somewhat factored into what we're talking about for the next quarter and for the guidance that we provided on the year. I mean in terms of sectors like private versus government, government's been a little bit challenging around the world. We've been talking about that for a while, so I don't think there's anything new there.
Mark Garrett: We did. Like we've said in the past, it's not indicative of future performance. We factored it into our guidance. We did not have shippable backlog this quarter.
Mark Garrett: I mean I think we're managing the channel much better. We're doing a better job of managing the inventory as we go through product cycles and versions. I think that's the gist of it.
Mark Garrett: Yes, in fact if you go back to the Q4 earnings call, we had said way back then, that if you looked at margin over the course of the year, it would go down a little bit in Q2. It would go down in Q3 due to seasonality of revenue and then back up in Q4. We're actually following that trend exactly as we anticipated. Basically, what you find is that as you look at the revenue guidance we've provided for the third quarter, we're still ramping on the expense side as we hire, primarily in sales and marketing for capacity for 2012. And as a result of that, you've got some additional OpEx, with not as much growth on the revenue line in the third quarter, but then, we more than make up for that in the fourth quarter with strong margin improvement, and that's why you end up on the year with approximately 37%, which is up from last year.
Mark Garrett: Yes, without a doubt, Jay, that's what we're trying to do between the subscription offering in CS, as well as Shantanu alluded to, moving more and more of the Enterprises to a maintenance type offering. I would fully expect that over time, we grow a nice significant ratable revenue stream through those offerings. It's going to take some time, but we certainly feel that, that's the right answer from a long-term business model perspective.
Mark Garrett: I think both of those are fair, Jay. We believe that 5 will be able to cross over 3 with the dot release, and this dot release is certainly more significant than any other dot release we've ever done.
Mark Garrett: Oh, yes, it's not all launch cost by far. There are some -- we added our tech summit in there, we had some marketing in there, we had hiring for sales capacity in there, so it's kind of a combination of all those.
Mark Garrett: Yes. This Mark. We still aspire to be $5 billion company. Nothing has changed there. And it's not something that we are going to do dilly M&A to get to. We're going to do things that are strategic, we're going to grow organically and we still aspire to be $5 billion. We're coming up on our 1 hour ending time, we'll take 1 more question from the phones.
Mark Garrett: One thing I wanted to offer was, we see again and again, schools have purchased tablets and they're still kind of figuring out exactly what they're going to do with them. But a lot of teachers already know how to design or prototype electronic curriculum and Captivate seems to be something they can use right away without any programming know how.
