Mark Garrett: Hey, Walter. It's Mark. Sure, so as it relates to promotions, I think we told you on the last quarter call in Q1 we did not have a lot of promotions in the quarter, very, very little. This also was a quarter where we had very little promotional activities. So we are really pleased with the amount of net new subscribers we are driving without a lot of promotional activity. That doesn't suggest that we won't do them in the future but the fact that we are driving a lot of net new subscribers without it right now is a very good sign. As it relates to ARPU, we had the smallest sequential decline we had in quite a long time. So we are very happy with ARPU as we've continued to say ARPU by offering continues to remain stable or increase and the average of all of the ARPUs this quarter dropped very, very slightly and again it was the smallest decline we had in several quarters. 
Mark Garrett: There is nothing that really surprises us. It is definitely related to the subscription model. Team does a great job on a collection front as well. It is going to move around as you go through quarters and you have various linearity and deal sizes but we've always been, as you know historically very good at driving a low DSO. 
Mark Garrett: Yes. I mean the bulk of the increase in OpEx as you look out from here is really going to be driven by sales and marketing. Interns don't drive it that much. The regular hires in the quarter were about 350 and there were couple hundred interns in this quarter. But the OpEx moving forward is really going to be driven continued investment in sales and marketing to drive that 30% bookings growth that we need to do in digital marketing and obviously the ETLAs in digital media as well. 
Mark Garrett: Sure, Sterling. So on the Marketing Cloud as we said booking remains very strong. In fact, I am sure you caught that we are not changing that 30% bookings outlook despite the impact to currency which obviously suggest that we would have done better than 30% without the change in FX rate. So FX is clearly impacting bookings, it is clearly impacting the marketing revenue growth. We've always felt that the marketing revenue growth would accelerate in the back half of the year. And that's why I mentioned that the second half would grow 24% year-over-year. So we are still seeing really strong growth in marketing despite currency, but there is no doubt that currency has an impact on that revenue growth rate just like the rest of the business. And then as it relates to EPS, Sterling, I mean it is pretty straight forward. We said that FX was impacting Q3 by about $30 million. So if you do the rough math, you are going to get to around $0.04 to $0.06 of earnings impact in the third quarter as a result of that $30 million but like we said we are still confident in the in the $2.05 again despite the impact of $80 million worth of currency in the back half of the year. 
Mark Garrett: Hey, Ross, Yes, so as you know we've always said for a four years now that ARR is really the best measure of the health of the business. And the sub number is an incomplete number because it doesn't include enterprise and as we add future offerings like Adobe Stock, looking at that sub number gets I think less and less meaningful over time. But everything is encompassed in that ARR number. That's obviously going very well, that's why we've raised our guidance on the ARR number and we had a great sub quarter. We are thrilled with the sub quarter and we continue to report sub actuals. But we are not going to guide on the sub number moving forward. That said our annual expectations really have not changed. We need that $5.9 million sub number to hit the increased ARR target, and clearly with the performance we've had today we are on the path to meet or exceed that $5.9 million target. But we really do want you guys as we do to focus more and more on ARR. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, and Shantanu said Mark on the Digital Marketing side bookings were very strong. We are reiterating the 30% growth for the year despite the impact of currency. Revenue grew 15%, so if you looking at revenue, revenue growth were maybe a little less you would have thought. But as I said we expected that to ramp over the course of the year and in the second half of the year again despite currency, we are anticipating 24% growth in the second half of the year. Second half over second half. So there is some currency impact in there without a doubt but still strong growth in the back half of the year. 
Mark Garrett: Yes, Jay, so we don't guide obviously on cash flow. I can't tell you there is quarterly seasonality to cash flow. If you look at Q4 to Q1 it is typically down coming off of Q4 due to all the yearend payments that you make and debt interest and then you get to Q2 and there is none of those payments so it goes back up which is what you saw this quarter. In Q3, you typically see a dip relative to last quarter again because of tax payments and ESPP and debt interest and then you got a spike back up in Q4. So there is seasonality quarter-to-quarter. Obviously, the net income and the business starts to get better and better as we start to drive more and more earnings, cash flow is going to follow that. So without a doubt cash flow is going to get better and better. 
Mark Garrett: Keith, I'll start and then Shantanu or David can add on. I have to sound like a broken record but focus on ARR right I mean that's really the metric that's going to incorporate everything. Subs, ARR, any kind of churn so that is where we are focused and we obviously feel good about that because just we just raised the number on the year for ARR. 
Mark Garrett: Hi, it is Mark. Yes, we've obviously been very focused on driving earnings back into the model as revenue comes back into the model. And as we get back to where we before we started this transition which is going to happen relatively soon. Moving forward from here you will see OpEx increase and I touched on this earlier, we are driving 30% bookings growth in digital marketing that requires a lot of sales and marketing capacity. And obviously we are driving ETLAs in the enterprise for the document services business the Document Cloud business as well as the creative business. So you will see more OpEx investment but with that we are going to continue to drive more and more margin moving forward. 
Shantanu Narayen: Also, Walter, with respect to Adobe Stock just to clarify, as David said in his prepared remarks, you can if you are a Creative Cloud subscriber add a subscription for Adobe Stock and you can also as a new subscriber subscribe to both Creative Cloud applications as well as Adobe Stock. Both of those will be reflected in the ARR numbers that we report on a going quarterly basis. I wanted to clarify for everybody listening on the call that the standalone subscription for just Adobe Stock is not reported at this point in the Creative Cloud numbers. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Brent, as you point out CS6 is definitely long in the -- with today's CC2015 release, the innovation that we are providing as well as the integration with the services makes it even older. We still have a fairly large CS6 base which clearly represents upside opportunity for us to convert to the Creative Cloud. As you are aware in Japan that was the market where we were selling CS6 till even late last year. And so we continue to target CS5 and CS6 as the most likely installed base to convert to CC. They are converting; the innovation is definitely resonating with them. And that continues to be the focus for David and his group. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So, Brad, I'll go ahead and take that. I think the mix in the second quarter of 2015 was 56% was complete as well as 44% was single app. We are certainly -- we saw strength across the board. The momentum of subscriptions if you look at 630,000 plus subscriptions that we had, 38% growth we are seeing, good momentum across each one of them as we've mentioned in the past the Creative Cloud photography is certainly attracting a significant number of new customers and the overall new customer adds continues to be greater than 20%. So we are continued to be pleased with what we are seeing on Creative Cloud adoption. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. So, Kash, I think you are alluding to the numbers that we've given in terms of the Creative Suites installed base being over 12 million and clearly the innovation that David and his group are driving and I'll then ask him to add color on the specific features. We'll certainly continue to help drive new, migrate the existing CS customers into the Creative Cloud option. The addition of the new services are certainly continuing to attract a brand new set of customers that's expanding the overall installed base as we continue to target creatives both in the imaging space and with a number of the mobile applications, what we are doing to increase the size of the funnel which again is adding to the available opportunity that we have in that particular market. And I think Stock is a little bit early in terms of the rollout, but again I think David has talked about what percentage of people both buy and sell using Adobe tools and that represent an opportunity. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Kash. I mean the whole strategy around the Creative Cloud was to reimagine the creative process, make it far more predictable and we definitely thought to increase significantly the size of the market opportunity. I think one measure that you can see even today of how successful we’ve already been is the fact that we've talked about how we used to sell approximately 3 million units in the past and now if you look at what we are doing with this 4.6 million subscribers and in addition to that all of the enterprise deals that we have, we've already dramatically I think increased the size of the available opportunity. One last thing I might add in addition to what David and I said, the enterprise also represents an opportunity with this particular release. We've some very significant functionality that will enable enterprises to store all of their assets from behind the firewall and so continuing to focus on ETLAs and migrating enterprise customers with this new product I think represents an untapped opportunity. 
Shantanu Narayen: In terms of thinking of Q3 and Q4, Ross, just too maybe add a little bit more color. I would look at ARR being slightly up in Q3 and then sequentially up in Q4. And that's reasonable proxy for sub, sub.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Kirk. With respect to where the bulk of the booking are right now and the revenue, I would say it is the combination of the Adobe experience manager which is helping people create the online web infrastructure for the future. It continues to be Adobe Analytics so people can get insight on what's exactly happening on their website. And Adobe Campaign continues to do very well which enables you to have multi-channel orchestration of communication with your customers. Having said that, the breadth of the offerings right now is starting to make all of the sticky and that's resulting in the increased booking and the most strategic relationships. And I can say that some of the smaller or newer solutions, when you look at what's happening with media optimizer as well as the other solutions like target. You are actually seeing that business double year-over-year. So we are seeing some really good traction in the new solutions as people look at the benefit of that. Primetime had a great quarter. Again, slightly smaller numbers in the scheme of things but the good news from our point of view is the new solutions like Audience Manager, Primetime, Target as well as media optimizer are doing really very well on a year-over-year basis. And makes the entire platform far more comprehensive and sticky.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think the great news is every single analyst who covers the digital marketing space has clearly identified Adobe as the leader. That continues to be the case, and what that means is that the inbound request for systems integrators, for digital agencies to want to partner with Adobe is only increasing. The way we look at the revenue as we look at what are partner source, partner influence and partner driven. And that as a percentage of the booking is certainly going up. And without highlighting anyone partner on this call, the number of significant partnership is only increasing. 
Shantanu Narayen: So, Mark, I do want to clarify. We had a very strong bookings quarter in Q2. So as it related to bookings, our revenue Mark and maybe add more color on that but in terms of booking we had a very strong quarter with Digital Marketing. And as it relates to Adobe Stock very quickly, you can both as an individual get it through adobe.com as well as we have enterprise offering that we will sell. I think you are very perceptive in that the number of marketing professionals who will also use Stock and the integration of Adobe Stock with our Marketing Cloud also definitely represents on tapped opportunity. And as David said, we are really increasing the total available market for this because making pictures more accessible to people and allowing more people to contribute, I think that's a unique advantage that Adobe has. 
Shantanu Narayen: We talked about Document Cloud is that the revenue will continue to be relatively consistent or flat. But way we are seeing the adoption is in the annualized recurring revenue or ARR so we are seeing good growth in the ARR. I think we highlighted that in the prepared remarks as well. And we did see a good healthy subscription adoption of the new Acrobat DC product. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think to your point, everybody recognizes that addressing the chief revenue officer, the chief digital officer or chief marketing officer is the most explosive software category that exist. I think our sweet spot has always been how do we target this marketer publisher with the customer experience solutions that we have. In the offerings that we have I will continue to say, it is the combination of content plus data that represents the unique advantage that Adobe has. And that's the combination of the Adobe Experience Manager as well as Adobe Analytics. But the product that's doing really very well right now is Audience Manager. And what Audience Manager allows people to do is have absolutely the same segmentation across their marketing spend if they are trying to attract customers across any personalized offers that they want to make as well as conversion. And so I think it is the combination of all of our products. And honestly it is also the tieback with the creative products that content velocity in terms of people trying to run campaigns. The fact that Creative Cloud works with the Adobe Experience Manager asset management solution that enables us whether you are a retailer, whether you are a financial servicers, whether you are government, whether you are a publisher, that content velocity that we can provide is just so much faster than anybody else. And I think across the marketing platform, we don't really don't see one single competitor. We do have a number of point product competitors for each of the individual solutions but I think as the comprehensiveness of our offering that enables us to win those deals. 
Shantanu Narayen: So, Jay, with respect to the Document Cloud you are right that the ETLA portion of document services is higher than the ETLA portion of the Creative Cloud due to the historical adoption of Acrobat within the enterprise. And then moving to three year ETLAs. With respect to individual, Acrobat shrink used to continue to be a part of the offering and now on adobe.com the main offering that we provide is the subscription offering and the subscription offering uptake within individuals and teams is actually very healthy. I think what's happen honestly in the marketplace is that when you look at after Creative Cloud even Office 365 has now been offered through subscription is just become the most standardized way of happening. And so you are right that the perpetual mix of Acrobat is higher than other products in our category. But what we continue to be pleased with is that when people come to adobe.com, the individual adoption which is important to create that viral impact within enterprises, the subscription offering uptake is very healthy. 
Shantanu Narayen: And I think in terms of the mix when you think about what's happening with the mix just continue to recognize as we've said that within each band ARPU has been very stable and as the mix continues to drive new offerings what the ARPU will reflect is the blended mix and so I'll also end with what Mark said. I think continuing to focus on ARR and if you look at the second half of the year it shows that ARR will continue to increase over Q1 and Q2 which I think shows the momentum in the business. 
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. So, Steve, Japan continues to as the distance from CS6 gets longer and longer improve, we have a special event also that we are doing in Japan to ensure that the awareness of the CC2015 as well as all of the other additional services and mobile apps is strong right now. And so we continue to expect that would lead to increased adoption of Creative Cloud in Japan. And the second question was with respect to Marketing Cloud and partner leverage. I mentioned earlier that the amount of partner influence across sourced as well as influenced, revenue and the Marketing Cloud is fairly high and that's happening across both digital agencies as well as system integrators. And all of the large deals that we are doing because consulting is something that we would like partners to provide, there is a partner involved in most of the larger deals. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. I think we've talked in the past about how the publishing segment for sure as publishers are trying to provide the content creation once and then delivery across multiple forms of devices. That's clearly the vertical that has led the integration of Creative Cloud and Marketing Cloud. Retail tends to be another large vertical where we are seeing a lot of adoption of the Creative Cloud and the Marketing Cloud because the velocity of the products that they are offering tends to be fairly high. And everything to do with consumers, whether it is travel or entertainment is an area where I think we've talked about companies like Under Armour and others who are certainly using that particular technology as well. So we are seeing it across all industries, financial services, honestly we are getting better at also painting the entire Adobe story with the CC Enterprise release that's coming out now. And the fact that it synchronizes with the Adobe Marketing Cloud, that's going to make it even more natural. So while I would say the publishing and retail led the charge in terms of seeing the benefits of the creative cloud and marketing cloud integration, now that's spreading to honestly every single vertical in every geography.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. I think with Marketing Cloud, our vision really is that as every single enterprise moves to become more of a real time enterprise where the need to in the last millisecond deliver the right piece of content based on the consumer profile or the consumer demographic, it becomes even more apparent to us that enabling us integration with people who have CRM solution is something that will add value of our Marketing Cloud. So Microsoft with dynamic CRM has a great offering in that and that was the reason for the integration. The other reason for our partnership with Microsoft continues to be how we can leverage Azure in terms of having technology that enables us to create all of these compelling offerings in real time. So that's the benefit on the digital marketing side. On the Creative Cloud side I think we've shown that as touch becomes more natural way for people to do content creation with what we've done on the Surface Pro and in products like Illustrator and Photoshop, I think we've demonstrated significant value associated with touch which both Microsoft and Adobe are excited about.
Shantanu Narayen: I think what we've said in the past is if you look steady state or what's happen in the Creatives suite, the mix was approximately 50:50, I think as we continue to attract new customers to the platform through the Creative Cloud photography offering, we are certainly seeing the single app adoption increase. We've also said in the past that when we first offered team, team was only offered in the complete option and the single app is definitely an on ramp to the Creative Cloud. And so I think as it relates to the creative segment part of Creative Cloud, steady state on the Creatives suite is probably a good metric. Certainly as we are expanding the entire available market through the introduction of these new single app offerings that was skew it a little bit more towards the single app as well.  Given that was the last question, sort of in summary what I would like to say is it is clear that all around the world companies are focusing on how they use technology as an enablers to accomplish this customer centric transformation. And I think delivering these great online experiences across mobile devices which is key to the transformation is driving Adobe's business because we have this unique set of technology assets to help customers solve this across various industries. And the business momentum we are experiencing, we believe is a result of both having a great strategy as well as excellent execution. We are pleased with Creative Cloud momentum. This week was a really important milestone as we release CC2015 and introduced Adobe Stock which is both an ARPU as well as TAM enhancing service. And it is really more proof of how we are making Creative Cloud a one stop destination for creators. Document Cloud continues to go after the large paper to digital opportunity and Marketing Cloud continues to be the leader and delivering great value in an explosive software category. I think in this quarter you also saw the earnings upside which is the leverage of our financial model. And in summary we think Adobe is in great shape and we remain focused on driving both product innovation as well as strong financial results for the rest of 2015 and beyond. Thank you for joining us today. 
David Wadhwani: Sure. Let me add a couple of things to that. First of all, the announcements that we had with the 2015 release were very broad based. We had major enhancements to our desktop applications and their mobile applications on IOS and we also for the first time introduced the mobile applications on Android. So we feel that that's going to have a broader play as well. Additionally, we made some significant updates to the Creative Sync Technology that moves assets across the desktop and mobile application to enable them to work as a single family. And of course we introduced the Adobe Stock in addition to some very visible changes that we made to the desktop applications around touch which is one of the big drivers that we believe in terms of CS4, CS5 and CS6 customers coming to the platform. A couple of things to call out in terms of what we are seeing in terms of the new capabilities and how that's driving existing customer behavior. A lot of the existing enhancements we've made to mobile applications are having significant driving on both the migration and also on new customers coming into the family. So as you noted and as we've talked about in the past, the mobile applications have been around for about a year and what we are seeing is that they are driving increased conversion of people filing the products. We see that they are increasing retention of paid numbers that are using -- that have been using the products. And we see that they are driving additional creation of Adobe ID, so we are seeing more Adobe IDs created as a result of mobile first interaction with Creative Cloud than ever before and I’d characterize the conversion of those mobile IDs to paid customers as generally strong. So we are very happy with how all of that has been playing out in the ecosystem. 
David Wadhwani: Great. And on the question about the contributor payouts. The way we look at this opportunity is that, it is obviously a large growing opportunity where we have strong relationships with both the buying side and the selling side. And as we looked at the market make up, we saw the opportunity to grow this -- grow the TAM of this opportunity by doing two fundamental things. First was to move the friction in terms of how sellers and buyers come together. And that's what we've done to integrate both the selling and the buying directly within the tools. And we believe that's going to be a really big opportunity to increase the velocity of content flowing through the system. But the second thing we wanted to do is streamline the economics around these businesses. There we believe that the marketplace today is priced with too much complexity. So we wanted to streamline the opportunity for pricing for the buyers and we wanted to create a very simple price model for the contributors as well. So instead of doing a complex tiered approach Adobe Stock we are doing a simple 33% for sales that we have. 
David Wadhwani: Yes. I can take that. From a perspective of the improvements we've been seeing to conversion and retention associated with mobile application I believe is what you are referring to the statement you made. This is really just an ongoing evolution that we started a year and half ago. As we started to move more and more of our business online, we have the added advantage of having access to the world's best Marketing Cloud. So in the context of using all of the technology from that side of the business, it has been an ongoing set of activities to improve conversion that we see as traffic comes to adobe.com. More recently we've had an increase in terms of traffic and utilization of our mobile applications. So we understand what's driving that, what are the predictive indicators of use in those applications that are driving conversion to paid customers. And we are increasingly seeing the use of data and content flows with creative sync as another material driver of conversions and retention. So what we are doing is that we are building the products and updating the products with new capabilities and features, but we are also making sure that as we do that the user experience, the on boarding workflows and the communication that we have with them through email and other forms through training are all driving people to use these features that drive higher conversion and retention. So it is not one magic bullet but it has been a series of actions that we've taken. And we see a lot more we can do in the years to come. 
