Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Steve, let me again maybe just touch on what we're seeing happening across the industry and then I think we can have Mark answer that specific question, because the industry shift to the subscription business model which clearly is helping drive both customer intimacy as well as productivity in the -- predictability in the business we clearly see that accelerating. As you know we were the pioneer in moving desktop software to the cloud and now we see actually all major software vendors on the desktop adopt similar strategies. And from a color point of view while the Creative business has mostly transitioned, what we are seeing is the same trends and increased adoption of subscription in both our imaging hobbyists business where Photoshop Elements customers are now subscribing instead to the Creative Cloud photography program and Acrobat users especially on adobe.com are moving increasingly to the subscription offering much like what I think Microsoft is also seeing with Office 365. So that's just a big trend that we are seeing across.  On the Enterprise side, Steve, it's slightly different because the trend has a little more variability based on industry verticals as to their preference of whether they want to go with the subscription or ratable versus perpetual. And so the overall mix may be a little harder to predict, but the strength of our overall business during the transition is not being impacted. So maybe with that as a big picture of what we are seeing Mark can address your question.
Shantanu Narayen: Ross, I will take that. And yes we’re definitely seeing a good mix. I think we’ve characterized the CS6 base as a healthy base for us to migrate to the Creative Cloud. And to give you an example of that one of the things that we had been talking about is how international adoption in the past was lagging the adoption of Creative Cloud within the U.S. In the quarter that just finished, we saw some great progress with respect to migrating the CS6 base in Japan. So Japan had a good quarter and as you know the perpetual business was healthier there later in the cycle relative to the U.S. And so clearly the CS6 base continues to be a base that we think is ripe for migration to the Creative Cloud and we’re clearly seeing signs of success in transitioning them from Creative Suite to Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Brent, why don’t I give you a little bit of color on what’s happening with Digital Marketing. As you know when we first started the business and we had these different solutions, we would be selling primarily to practitioners who continue to be important buyer within the companies. And when we were selling into the practitioners, the practitioners would implement the product of virtually instantly and we recognize revenue and it’s up and running. As more and more customers are adopting the entire Creative Cloud and multiple solutions, what they’re doing is they’re standardizing on the Adobe Solution, but the sequence with which they implement each of the solutions is still they implement one then they may implement others. And so what Mark was alluding to was these deals if they are in the million dollar plus range, it has to do with more solutions being acquired and then them implementing it sequentially, which is why you see it in unbilled backlog and you see it in deferred revenue, but you don’t see it translate to revenue as quickly. From our point of view that’s all great, because they’re standardizing on our platform, the value proposition of the entire marketing cloud is working with them Brent and we recognize that in the large -- in the bigger picture, it’s actually a more predictable and healthy business for us. The other thing that’s also seeing good traction is the managed services, which again is in our best interest, because those deal sizes are larger and we’ve tremendous visibility into how they’re using our solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: That’s a good question Brad and what is really happening in the imaging business in particular is as you know that traditional Q4 cycle when we had predicted what the revenue would be viewed have a version of Photoshop Elements that was released in every Q4, which was always perpetual revenue. We have also had Lightroom that is offered in both perpetual and now as part of the Creative Cloud photography offer, a subscription offering. And as we see both of those migrate through the Creative Cloud photography offer that is giving us visibility into the fact that our customers are increasingly choosing the subscription offering rather than the perpetual offering. So think of it as Photoshop Elements not having the normal change or increment that we normally see in Q4 and continue to see Lightroom move towards the subscription rather than the perpetual is resulting in that revenue. And again as Mark said, if you think about it as every $10 million is leading to -- in ARR is leading to $30 million or so in revenue. And if you look at what we had given as our Q4 targets, at the high end of the range approximately half of that is probably in Digital Media and it's clearly shown as a greater portion of that going through ARR. So hopefully that helps.
Shantanu Narayen: The Creative Cloud Net adds, Sterling continue to be strong everywhere. One of the things I talked about earlier was that Japan which we’ve had a lag relative to the adoption of Creative Cloud in the U.S is now showing good strength. We had the CS6 sold in Japan later than we had in any another country and now that’s CS6 base, whether it's in Japan or Germany, other countries, we’re certainly seeing migration of that into the Creative Cloud, which all goes well for continued strength of Creative Cloud across the globe. And with respect to the implementation cycles, what I had mentioned was that as we move from selling to practitioners single solutions to selling entire Marketing Cloud and multiple solutions higher up in the chain, what’s still happening is the implementation of the solutions happen sequentially and therefore as soon as the solution goes live we start to recognize it. So they standardize on the Adobe product which results in the bookings and the unbilled backlog, but the implementation because it is multiple solutions takes a little longer than single solution.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think Walter we had a good Creative Cloud subs add across virtually every single offering that we had. Team had actually a very strong quarter and globally we continue to feel strong about the migration capabilities of moving Creative Cloud -- Creative Suite customers to Creative Cloud. You’re also right in that, we had fewer promotions in the quarter which again I think reflects both the distinction now that we’ve drawn between Creative Cloud and the old Creative Suite products, and the fact that in Q4 we continue to expect to see strength. And we’ll talk a little bit more about this at MAX as well Walter relative to all of the new stuff that’s coming and how we see the business unfold in 2016 and beyond.
Shantanu Narayen: And Kash, maybe I’ll just repeat again what Mark said, which was in Q3 we definitely saw strength in the perpetual licensing which was reflected in the 21%. We had strong bookings in Q3, we continue to see the pipeline is really strong for Q4 and so we expect a strong finish. And for Q4 the high end of the range, it’s really identical to, the targets that we provided at the end of the Q2 call with respect to what kind of revenue achievement we expect for the second half of fiscal ‘15. So I think the fact that we continue to reiterate 30% bookings and now this is in, even despite the change in currency. So I think those are some of the factors which give us continued confidence in the momentum of the Digital Marketing business.
Shantanu Narayen: Mark, I think in the highest sense it’s the Photoshop brand and the Photoshop name and the fact that the Creative Cloud innovation pace is happening at a much faster pace than it is with traditional 12 month Photoshop element cycle, Photoshop elements cycles. The other thing that I think we are starting to see, maybe I can touch on this a little bit more, is that the mobile apps. What we’re seeing with usage of mobile across imaging, this is light-room mobile as well as what you can do on smartphones. I mean we have 10s of millions of downloads of our mobile applications. And in the imaging when we look at usage data, the usage data and imaging across multiple devices which we would argue will lead to much higher retention is also fairly high. So I think the elements move is largely due to the attractiveness of the element -- the offer of both light-room and Photoshop as well as the fact that it’s mobile enabled.
Shantanu Narayen: Well it’s early. I think you when Mark had given us targets for how much revenue we expect to see added when we had talked about the revenue addition for Fotolia versus the revenue reduction at that point for currency. I would say we’re on track with that business, it’s early. We’re seeing people both add to and existing Creative Cloud subscription with stock and we are starting to see people adopt the new subscription offers that have the Creative Cloud complete plus stock. So I realize that’s not quantifying it yet for you, but relative to any of the targets that we’ve provided earlier we’re on track.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, to answer both your questions, the first thing I would say is relative to the new seat adoption that we’re seeing, the new seat adoption is definitely being driven both by creators who are entering the market as well as casual pirates who existed for whom the lower price of entry is far more attractive way to have legal software than not. There’s no question about that, we hear that anecdotally all the time that people are pleased with the fact that they can have legitimate software. As we’re delivering more Cloud based services, as you know the only way to use the mobile apps and share content between the mobile apps as well as our Creative Cloud, is by having a subscription. So I think that’s also as we see more creative sync and creative profile being used, that’s certainly, driving that. So I think we feel good about that. With respect to your second question on completion. I think our differentiator continues to be honestly the content and data part, and there’s nobody that comes at it with respect to having the kind of content infrastructure that we have to enable them to re-platform their websites which is a massive trend as well as the fact that we have the analytics. We had this announcement recently also about what we’re doing with respect to a programmatic advertising platform that also leverages the fact that we have analytics. So I think the unique differentiation was analytics in the past. It continues to be audience manager right now, because for the first time people can have the same audience, the same segment, the same campaign, the same content, the same assets used across all of our marketing solutions. With respect to external competition, I think we still see a number of point product vendors that are in that market place and I think you’re seeing the larger ISVs as well start to identify marketing as one of the large growth opportunities for them and Oracle is the company that’s probably done a lot of acquisitions in that space. But we like our differentiation and we continue to execute on it.
Shantanu Narayen: I think Keith, the thing that I hear a lot when I talk to customers and I spend a lot of time with customers is, this notion of digital transformation and digital disruption at the C-suite is front and center across every single industry. Without a doubt that is leading to people looking at larger systems and saying, how do we transform our business to drive more direct relationship with customers and build a customer centric company. So I think every C-suite that I’m talking whether you’re in retail, whether you’re in financial services that’s a thing that’s leading to understanding which companies, which vendors have a larger offering in that particular space. I think as they think through that, they’re also having to reorganize the marketing function, because search versus commerce, versus revenue has traditionally been in different places. So I think you’re see that play out over the next year, couple of years, but I think you are seeing more of them recognize that having a unified platform is the way to go. So we still sell to practitioners and we still have to make sure we’re best of breed in each of the individual solutions, but I would say increasingly our deals especially the new customer acquisition is a larger deal that’s being sold higher in the chain.
Shantanu Narayen: Well maybe this is one of the benefits of not having too much of emerging markets, business or presence in the creative space that it’s not really impacting us. So we continue to see strength across most international markets. And as you know in Digital Marketing that’s primarily the UK, Germany, Japan and Australia where we have significant presence and some presence in other places. But I think as we said on the prepared remarks, the interest in the solutions when we were in Singapore or when you’re in Sydney or now in Tokyo, all of these symposia being held to sold out audiences. So the awareness and the understanding of this as one of those important technologies is only growing.
Shantanu Narayen: I think with respect to new services that have the largest potential upside, we continue to think that Adobe stock is what drives upside in terms of ARR. Usage of Behance is driving higher retention. So the way we look at what's happening with Behance is being part of the community because, that’s included for the most part. There are some value added services as you point out, but for the most part Behance is driving greater retention. And video is driving more usage from single app to the CC complete. So I think we look at each of the different ones as driving either an increase in ARPU as you pointed out or as driving greater retention both of which from our point of view are useful, because as you know as people move off of any promotional pricing retention is something that’s key to us and adding increased value is important in that respect.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I actually continue to feel like the awareness and the importance of that deal is actually playing to our favor rather than the other way around and that’s why we continue to see strong bookings and it’s leading to larger deal sizes rather than then other way around. So from our point of view, we have the most comprehensive offering. We’re the leader in that particular category and so those deals actually play to Adobe’s favor.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we’ve always stated Jay that we think that the Document Cloud transition will be different from the Creative Cloud transition, in that it will be important for us to continue to offer the same perpetual version for a while. What we are seeing is on adobe.com the vast, vast majority of people who are buying Acrobat DC right now are buying the subscription option. And so I think as we have previously indicated, I think with respect to the Acrobat transition, we expect to continue to see revenue relatively stable but you will see an acceleration in the Document Cloud ARR that’s reflected, that’s showing how the transitioning is happening. And with respect to the $30 million number that you said, that was the number that we eluded to in terms of what number of Acrobat seats we have sold in the history of Acrobat. And so, again I think we’re pleased with what we see on the Document Cloud but it has slightly different characteristics than what we’re seeing with the Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Heather, I think what we’ve said in the past is approximately 85% and greater of that is of the buyers as well as the sellers are using Adobe products. And when you think about the size of that market which is in the multiple billion that represents an opportunity for us to add value to the customers. In terms of what we’ve done Heather for the integration, as you know within Photoshop and all of our products, you now have the ability to both put something up on the market place to sell as well as you have the ability to search for something when you’re starting with a blank canvas and you want to get a creative idea or inspiration to get something going. So integrating it into the workflow makes a lot of sense. And what we’re also offering right now is new subscriptions which say if you are getting a subscription where you know what kind of demand you have for stock, you can buy all of the complete applications in addition to the stock. So I think the value within the workflow is well understood, both the supply and demand participate with us. I think two things maybe underappreciated as we are building this business. The first is the number of people who are running campaigns and when you’re running a campaign using our Marketing Cloud technology being able to use this stock to also stock your campaign progress and time that in we showed brief sneak of that. We think that, that’s an opportunity for us to drive it and second is, within the enterprise. So as we’re selling enterprise ETLAs, there isn’t an enterprise in the world that doesn’t have a marketing department that’s procuring stock. And so if we can demonstrate the value of how an enterprise ETLA for the creative products can include stock as part of that, we think that has value as well.
Mark Garrett: Yes, so Steve on the Digital Media side, Shantanu just touched on and it’s Hobbyist, it’s Lightroom, and it’s Acrobat. And if you look at ARR, because as you know for the past four years we’ve been talking about this transition, if you look at ARR over the course of this year, we raised it twice. We started at 2.9 billion. In Q2 we raised it to 2.925, now in Q3 we are raising it another 25 million to 2.5 billion. That $50 million increase in ARR if you use that old rule of thumb that we used to have of each dollar of ARR is roughly $3 of revenue that’s a lot of revenue. It’s moved over during the course of this year. So from a Digital Media perspective you clearly see it in ARR.  On the Digital Marketing side, it’s a similar story, but slightly different metrics. So we had some perpetual in the fourth quarter that closed early in Q3, that’s why you saw 27% year over growth instead of 21% year over growth. We are seeing larger multi-year deals and those deals are great to locking customers but they have as we said longer implementation cycles. What you’re going to see though is on the Digital Marketing side reflected in deferred revenue and unbilled backlog, really nice increases. And so by the end of this year, I’d anticipate that the two of those together deferred and unbilled backlog will be over $3.5 billion. That’s $3.5 billion of closed business that will get recognized to revenue over time. So that’s really healthy both in Digital Media on the ARR side and Digital Marketing on the deferred and unbilled backlog side.
Mark Garrett: If we were at the lower end that would mean most of the perpetual in Q4 would have moved over to subscription, because the pull in of that perpetual into Q3 was a piece of what we were anticipating in Q4 and then the range that you see is basically a mix of perpetual moving to subscription depending on whether you’re at the high end or the low end. There would be very little left at the low end.
Mark Garrett: …but yes 30% bookings growth, no there nothing else going on. I mean, that’s really what it is. A lot of it is just moment of perpetual; a lot of it is as Shantanu just said this larger multiyear transactions as well. And like I said, you do see it in unbilled and deferred.
Mark Garrett: Hi, Kash, it’s about half and half in terms of the new guidance to the old guidance from a revenue perspective. So about half of it is Digital Media driven which is now showing up in ARR and about half of it is Digital Marketing driven which is showing up in deferred and un-built backlog. So it’s roughly half and half. On the mix, yes you’re right, we said it was moving towards 70-30 or even 80-20 but if you do the math that’s, its still a lot of dollars of perpetual revenue in any given quarter. And so, there is going to be some variability based on customer preference as we said and we closed some of it in Q3 instead of Q4 but there’s still going to be some variability in the fourth quarter and that’s why we gave you a range. At the high end of that range right at that $400 million which is the high end of the range, we would still hit the 24% year-over-year growth that we said we would go in Digital Marketing for the second half.
Mark Garrett: Yes. On the Digital Media side there is, because we originally guided to $2.9 billion and ARR is now going to be $2.95 billion. So there is a lot of increase to ARR in the Digital Media side, so you can clearly show that. On the Digital Marketing side granted it’s a little bit harder. We don’t guide on deferred revenue, we don’t guide on build backlog. I will tell you though, its growing faster, both of those are growing faster than our own expectation, that’s about all I could give you right now.
Mark Garrett: I don’t know if they need to think about trends in gross margins in any different way. As it relates to ’16, we don’t typically comment on next year until we get to the Q4 call. So I can't really given you any insights into ’16, but it shouldn’t have any significant movement in gross margins. Because on the creative side, it’s not a fully hosted offering, it’s got Cloud componentry to it, but it’s not a huge Cloud component.
Mark Garrett: Yes, without a doubt Jay, we’re doing more and more business on adobe.com much, much more than we did before the transition by far more than we did before the transition and yes, it is going to be more profitable than going through even our own direct sales force or the channel. So to the extent that we can drive more and more business there, it does improve us from a profitability perspective. I can't give you a number, but it definitely is more profitable for us.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Phil I think we’ll definitely share more of that at MAX and so that’s a good segue to match because sharing the numbers for example of how many people have bought our consumer photography offerings in the past that we did not include as part of the TAM or the market, that’s certainly expansion capabilities that are now available for us. As we’re getting more information on piracy and understanding what kind of activations we may have seen, giving you a little bit more color on that with respect to the TAM I think is another way for us to expand. So we’re looking forward to MAX, we will share with you more information on TAMs at MAX and hopefully give you insight into in addition to the core migration of the Creative Suite customer to create a Cloud. How this market expansion with respect to targeting new users as well as users who traditionally may have used other products or value expansion which is how we can sell new services like talent or like Adobe stock into that existing base help us expand our TAM. So I think we’ll be certainly sharing more information with you on that. MAX is coming up in a few weeks, so we look forward to seeing you as well as others at MAX. And let me just end by thanking you for joining us again on the call today. From my point of view, we had a strong quarter, the underlying trends in our business in both Digital Media and Digital Marketing continue to be strong. And I look at it and say, whether it’s a student retouching a photo on their tablet, a director making a latest block buster film or what you see as consumer brand publishing their marketing content across the web and mobile. It’s clear that Adobe technology is at the heart of the world’s best experiences and we look forward to increasing that. Thank you for joining us today.
