Shantanu Narayen: Walter, why don’t I start and then Mark can add, because overall we continue to track ARPU for CC subscriptions, which again just to remind everybody, it does not include the enterprise ETLAs. And to give you all some color, excluding the Photoshop/Lightroom bundle, overall ARPU across individuals and teams, single applications as well as the complete Creative Cloud in all markets, including education, which you know is priced lower than commercial has actually increased every quarter for the last few quarters and is now in the high 30s. When you blend in Photoshop and Lightroom that’s priced at approximately $10, the ARPU, the resulting ARPU is now in the low 30s. So, keep in mind that with the PS/LR bundle, we believe that the overall opportunity is larger than when we first outlined the Creative Cloud opportunity and therefore presents a great ARR potential. So, that’s how we have seen ARR progress.
Shantanu Narayen: I think we will continue to strength, Walter, in the full units as well. And as you know, the channel I think we identified that the channel is also going to focus exclusively on the complete offering as well as the team offering. And so I think the combination of those give us confidence for the number that we outlined for the remainder of the second half.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Steve, that’s a good question. And yes, we do want people to be able to collaborate effectively whether it’s freelancers who are working with other freelancers on a project, whether it’s people who wish to show their portfolios on Behance as well as within an enterprise people wanting to collaborate either through Creative Cloud or through our Marketing Cloud, Adobe Experience Manger solution. So being able to allow people to collaborate is a clear goal. We have actually now turned on the ability for people to save files for anybody whether you are a trial user or whether you are a full user, we have functionality that is now present in Creative Cloud that people – allows people to share individual files, allows people to share complete folders. And the way we will continue to encourage that is by integrating it directly into the desktop applications. Again tomorrow, I think there is some exciting announcements hopefully you will all be on the call to hear about what’s new both in services and mobile apps as well as in desktop apps.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Brent, firstly when we outlined the number that you talked about that does include the enterprise customers. And as you know when we talk about the subscription numbers we are only talking about the subscription numbers that are individual and team. So I think it’s important to remember that 12 million plus includes our enterprise customers. The second thing I would say is that when we think about the longer term opportunities for Creative Cloud given the initiatives we described with the photography offering, it’s actually increasing our available market opportunity. And you also have to remember that when we last did our surveys, a number of the people that are now signing up for Creative Cloud are new customers and therefore that’s expanding the available opportunity. So, we are not providing the longer term numbers at this time because we are really focused on driving financial performance in the second half. But I think you should look at big picture and say we are making good traction migrating the existing customer base. We are attracting new customers to the platform and we are providing market expansion opportunities with the Creative Cloud platform to target a broader set of customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Kash, first the expansion opportunities that we are talking about, I do want to reflect that they are already represented in the outlook that we have for the second half of the year. And so the 1 million subs that we are talking about as well as the 1.925 billion ARR both reflect our expectation of what we expect to see with the announcements tomorrow. Again, Kash, we really want to focus on the second half. We give you color relative to the 20% new customer growth that we have been seeing, but expanding that entire available opportunity and articulating what the numbers are, we are not providing updates to that at this time.
Shantanu Narayen: And Kash, I hope you are seeing that everything that we have articulated, we continue to focus on execution against it. And we certainly believe in the company that we have had a good first half and we expect to see a strong second half as well as to continue to expand on our opportunities.
Shantanu Narayen: And just to confirm again, Kash, in response to your question, what I wanted to say was in the surveys that we are doing 20% of the user base that we are finding who are adopting the Creative Cloud are new users to the platform.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Mark, we do surveys on a periodic basis is what we were saying and it’s approximately 20% of the users are net new. That’s sort of an order of magnitude way of looking at it.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, it’s both. But as we have said in the past, the great majority of our cash is overseas. We still believe that the best way of returning cash to shareholders is in the form of share repurchases. We continue to do that. You saw we bought a bunch of stock again this quarter. We will continue to do that. And obviously, we look at our capital planning and our capital structure on a regular basis. But right now, we think that’s the right answer.
Shantanu Narayen: We certainly track that internally and we continue to feel good about the progress that we are making in having larger enterprises adopt both the Creative Cloud, ETLA offering as well as multiple Marketing Cloud solutions. I think there are two areas where we see the most traction. The first area where we see traction is where people are now adopting the Creative Cloud and doing all of the asset management within the Marketing Cloud, Adobe Experience Manager, asset management solution so that’s one area where we see traction. The second area where we see traction is certainly in the area of people wanting to use the same workflow for both delivering mobile applications using PhoneGap Enterprise as well as DPS which is the Digital Publishing Suite option. And last but certainly not the least there is no question that when we look at the new deals that we are having we are selling to the C-suite. We are selling the combination of the entire content LiveCycle. And while there maybe specialist sales force that are selling one solution or the other, the number of quarter backs that we have in these large accounts selling the entire Adobe story is certainly drawing. So hopefully that gives you some color. With respect to which markets, I would say retail continues to be an area where we are seeing quite a bit of traction when we see travel, automotive these are a couple of the industries where – and financial services where we are seeing synergy between the two solutions.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think we said when we announced the partnership that we don’t expect a material impact, it’s all baked into our targets as well Brad Rencher certainly was at Sapphire where as you know it’s their largest event and they showcased the partnership as well in terms of what we are jointly doing together. I think long-term and next year what you are going to expect to see is that both companies will jointly go to market. I think the real areas of synergy, is as commerce is becoming a bigger player for SAP with their hybris commerce suite the integration that we have with that. And for the real time enterprise the integration that we have between HANA as well as our Adobe Marketing Cloud, but we are hard at work educating their sales force on our offerings and we are starting to see both companies go into join customer accounts, but it’s early yet.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I don’t think there was anything that actually surprised us. I remember when you look at the Creative ARR are $1.2 billion, we did say that the significant amount of the over achievement in the subscriptions was as a result of the PSLR bundle, but the team continued to do well and it’s actually we expected to continue to do well but the channel focused on it Jennifer. So, we are pleased with the mix, we are pleased with the market expansion as well as again as I mentioned if you look at just the Creative ARPU, it is in the high 30s and it actually been increasing sequentially.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Matt, who heads up field operations, we continue to focus on adding capacity both directly as well as the partner revenue that we are starting to see in the Marketing Cloud in particular is actually increasing. So, a very substantial portion of our Adobe Marketing Cloud also has a partner element in it, which we think is good, because it actually enables us to work effectively with partners. We still continue to think Jennifer that we are capacity constrained as opposed to market constrained. We are focused on a few countries right now, because that’s where we see tremendous opportunity and will continue with geographic expansion as we continue to build out into the second half of 2014 and beyond. But we don’t provide numbers specifically in terms of the direct sales capacity.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, with all cloud-based services as you mentioned, Derrick, the new reality is that we have to be even more vigilant about making sure that we have 100% uptime. The outage that occurred in Q2 should really never have happened. There was a sequence of things. And we have learned from it as well as introduced additional safeguards and redundancies as a preventive measure. I think our outreach to our customers has helped address any issues and you are right we did not see any real impact from that outage.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jay, first I will say that the field team has done a really good job of educating customers on the benefits of the Creative ETLA and helping transition them from perpetual offering to the term-based offering. I think when you look at the potential that we still have to get customers to the Creative ETLA, you are right, the growth that we have seen in that business has been quite significant, it is a little bit more seasonal that ETLA and that you build a pipeline over the year and then you tend to have a stronger Q4 and the Creative ETLA much like you might see in Digital Marketing bookings. We are not going to provide specific targets of how large the creative ETLA business can be, but I think we have outlined in the past how much licensing was meaningful component for the Creative business and certainly that licensing revenue should move into what is now ETLA. So it’s an area of significant focus for us in the company because it enables us to have a good relationship with the customers.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Jay, I think directionally the corporate customers is where we have been focusing a little bit more because we have a number of the publishers already as customers and so when you look at the growth that we are finding in DPS it is for all of these other use cases whether it’s training or manuals or corporate brochures, I think Mike used it for our annual shareholder report. So that’s where the growth is. I don’t have the exact download number with me, but growth continues in the publishing segment as well.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I think the way of looking at it is all ELA customers should become ETLA customers, in fact directionally we have also said that some of the customers that may have in the past had smaller licenses which may have “moved to team offering could also move to the ETLA customers”. So getting a relationship with small marketing departments, entire media agencies through ETLAs is very much a part of our strategy.
Shantanu Narayen: With Asia-Pacific the important thing to remember is that what you are seeing is the Digital Media business moved to subscriptions and in Digital Marketing it’s not as much of a market as some of the other markets. So Asia continues to perform well. We believe that Australia and some of those other markets are really good markets for Digital Marketing, but it’s not as extensive market for us in Digital Marketing as it has traditionally been in Digital Media and so the growth that we are seeing in Digital Marketing in the U.S. and Europe make that as a percentage of our revenue greater than it formally was.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, thanks again all of you for joining us. It feels like we are executing really well against our strategy. We had strong first half financial results and with upside in both Digital Media subscriptions as well as ARR. And in Digital Marketing also we feel good with strong year-over-year revenue as well as bookings growth. And as you saw the earnings upside has accompanied revenue upside demonstrating the leverage of our financial model. We look at Q2 as a significant milestone for the Creative Cloud business as we eliminated most of the options to license CS6. So, both Adobe, our customers as well as our partners can now focus solely on driving more Creative Cloud adoption. And most important, I think we continue to innovate with successful product launches of our marketing products that we unveiled at the U.S. and Europe summit events. And hopefully all of you will tune in to the global Creative Cloud launch scheduled for tomorrow that should lead to a strong second half. Thank you joining us. We think Adobe is in great shape.
Mark Garrett: Yes. I wouldn’t add much to that. I think it’s doing exactly, Walter, what we would like it to do. Across each of the different offerings, it’s holding up very well. And as Shantanu said, the important part is on the Creative Professional side, it’s been increasing the last several quarters. It really just – I was just going to say it’s just going to move around based on product mix every quarter.
Mark Garrett: Yes, sure Steve. I mean clearly in Digital Marketing, AEM is the hottest solution and it’s a competitive advantage for us that we have both in on-premise perpetual offering as well as term based managed services offering. We believe that the better option for most customers and for Adobe frankly is the term based offering. And while it may vary quarter-over-quarter, the hosted offering now represents over 50% of the bookings in Q2 and we would expect this trend to continue in ‘15 to your point, in FY ‘15 we would expect the vast majority to be term bookings. So, we are kind of getting through the bulk of that little mini transition if you will.
Mark Garrett: Yes, that’s right Brent. Right now the key is to get people to move over to Creative Cloud, get those new users to adopt Creative Cloud. There will be ARPU expansion opportunities down the road.
Mark Garrett: By the way one other point on all that, we keep saying this, but keep in mind we firmly believe the true health of the business is measured through ARR. ARR encompasses everything, it encompasses ARPU, it encompasses retention. So, while I understand the focus on ARPU, the right way to look at the businesses on the ARR side.
Mark Garrett: Hey, Kash. Well, unfortunately, I am going to give you the answer that Shantanu just did. I mean, obviously we have put those targets out there. They are still there, but we are not going to update them on a regular quarterly basis as we get through towards the end of this year and get ready for FY ‘15 that will be the appropriate time to update some of those longer term targets.
Mark Garrett: Yes, thank you. Keep in mind we did have upside this quarter like we said because of perpetual, right. The beauty of the story this quarter is as in the past prior to this transition when we have revenue upside, you are going to have earnings upside and that’s starting to come back into the picture. So, going forward, just like in the past when we have revenue upside, we will likely have earnings upside.
Mark Garrett: Well, it’s really baked into the guidance. I mean, if you look at the 10.68 this quarter going down to 9.75 to 10.25, I mean, that’s really driven by this sequential decline in perpetual revenue. I mean, that is the reason for the decline, because obviously Creative Cloud subscription revenue is increasing. Digital Marketing Cloud revenue is increasing. So, it’s really that, that is the size as it declined right there.
Mark Garrett: And like we said, you don’t have to worry about perpetual revenue much anymore. It’s literally de minimis in Q3 and beyond.
Mark Garrett: Not really as we move forward now this frankly gets easier for me, it gets easier for you as well to model out I mean the percent of ratable revenue going into quarter is only going to increase with perpetual coming out. You don’t need to worry about the decline of perpetual in any given quarter. We really do think now that Q3 could be the low point from a revenue perspective. I mean one little caveat would be if for some reason we sold unusual amount of AEM perpetual in any given quarter, so you will see Q4 revenue go up from Q3 due to seasonality, particularly around AEM. And then you have that seasonality come out in the first quarter, but we really think that Q3 could be the low point here. Again, with the little caveat around AEM, but for the most part, this gets much easier to forecast.
