Shantanu Narayen: So Brent, as it relates to what we have seen first in terms of the macroeconomic situation, we actually continue to see strength. We were pleased with the strong Q1. Certainly, I think the last few weeks of the quarter, you saw some impact in Europe, specifically as it related to what happened in terms of the terrible situation in Ukraine. But I think we continue to see growth around the world. I think on the first one, as you know, and then I’ll have David also add some color, the last major comprehensive overall that we had for our pricing was in 2017. And you’ve seen since then the number of different initiatives that we have and offerings that we’ve introduced, whether it was the 3D offerings, what we’ve done on the web, what we’ve done in mobile, what we’ve done around Creative Cloud Express. So I think it was time to take a very comprehensive look, which David has done. And I think directionally, what I would say is that we want to continue to attract hundreds of millions to the platform, but we also want to get value for the tremendous innovation that we’ve provided. David, maybe you can add a little bit more.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Alex. There were multiple questions in that. So let me – maybe first, to your point, which I agree with, when you think about the rhythm of the business and maybe the seasonal cadence, clearly, that’s been impacted by whether it’s the external events as it relates to the pandemic or more recently the war in Ukraine. But big picture, as we look at what’s happening in terms of customer adoption, what’s happening in terms of the excitement, there is no question that digital is a tailwind and will continue to be a tailwind. And our perspective is that what happened was the pandemic actually put a spotlight on the importance of everything we’re doing, whether it’s customer engagement, whether it’s content or document productivity. And so as you think about what happens seasonally, certainly, I think we would continue to see strength in Q3 and Q4. Dan referred to that in terms of the second half momentum that we would see. But even Q1, we had a strong start. So from our perspective, some of the seasonal cadence might have changed, but the secular trends in terms of up and to the right, we actually don’t see any impact associated with it. I think your second question is related to what happens specifically on Russia and Belarus and Ukraine. Since the Digital Media ARR, the book of business, we made the decision to reduce it. And so I think what you’ll see on the data sheet is what our exiting Q1 ARR is and then another number which just takes out all of the existing book of business for those three countries. You see the impact on revenue certainly in Q2, Q3 and Q4 because what it means is the revenue that we would have been able to collect. But again, in the grand scheme of things, as you can see, it’s fairly small as it relates to the business. So I think our targets, $440 million specifically, as you said, yes, it’s impacted by the ARR business in those countries. But overall, business is strong and we feel optimistic. I think in many ways, the message really is that the new growth initiatives that both Dan and David talked to, they are starting to really show traction. And so we expect to see strength in the second half of the year and certainly beyond that.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Sterling, I mean, I think color-wise, it’s really still early in the year, but I feel great about the way we’ve been navigating all of the external issues that have come. And it was a strong Q1. As we prepared for this call, we felt it was important to share with you the impact that we know of things, whether it’s the revenue or ARR for Russia, what’s happening on EPS as it relates to the tax rate as well as to provide some more of the growth drivers. But I net it out by saying while we are not updating the annual targets, as you pointed out, we’re really optimistic on the significant number of growth drivers that we have. And we will share more throughout the year because we still are all navigating what is a considerably unpredictable situation. Our strong Q1, however, and the things that we control, we feel excellent about.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Jay, when I think about the transformative things that we’ve done in the company, certainly the move to subscriptions, the entrance into digital marketing, what we’ve done with data-driven operating model to drive the sort of financial cadence of the business, they absolutely bubble to the top. But I would say those actually dwarf in comparison to the excitement that I feel about what product-led growth can continue to do. When you have hundreds of millions or billions of people using your software, a good example of what we’ve done is the constant innovation that we’re delivering on the Document Cloud side. And I think David referred to some of the statistics, whether it’s sort of doubling what we see with web traffic and really being aware of the intent-based approach that people want when they come on the web to accomplish document actions, what we are doing in mobile and doubling it. And I think product-led growth just relates to ensuring that all of our product teams have information at their fingertips as to how people are really using it so that we can rapidly iterate in terms of what customers want and delight them. And I think on the Creative Cloud, to add to what David said to Saket as well, what that means with Creative Cloud Express is as you have these millions of users, we’re constantly understanding where the search traffic is, how do you improve it. And it’s just a new way of liberating all of the product-led – product teams to focus on what’s truly important and truly needle-moving as far as customer interest and customer sentiment. And it’s something that David has pioneered. So I’ll have David add a little bit more. But I think the impact on how we serve customers, the NPS and being able to continue to recruit and retain is significant.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe one last thing before Dan comments. I think both Dan and David talked about retention and engagement during the quarter. And to give you a little bit more, Jay, color in terms of that, we look at churn rates. We look at reseller renewal. We look at 90-day cohort retentions. And in all of those, I think as a result of the activity that we’re doing on the product teams to help improve, we’re seeing improvement and getting to rates on all three of those that are better than they have ever been even prior to the pandemic. So I think that’s, again, another example of what gives us confidence in our offerings and our innovation going forward.
Shantanu Narayen: So, I think philosophically, the way we are looking at it, I will repeat what I said earlier, which is we haven’t done a comprehensive look at that in multiple years. And directionally, I think the significant value that we have added has to do with people, whether you are in businesses or whether you are a user of the entire apps. I mean we continue to add new apps to the – what’s called the CC All Apps platform. And directionally, we are just saying that is the area where we have to look at all of the increased value that we have. This is not driven in any way, shape or form by any competitive response. So, let me be categorical about that. This is raised by – we continue to attract billions of people to the platform in terms of the interest. And with all of the new offerings that we have, again as David said, across web, across mobile, across the browsers, we just want to make sure that as we continue to expand the offerings, we are looking at the pricing in a good way. So, the value that we have added to whether you are in teams with collaboration or whether you are to businesses continues to be a motivator for us to look at the prices as well on all the new apps that we have added. So hopefully, that gives you color. Let me also back up and say this is for us, all really about customers and delighting customers. But because we had an earnings call, we said as this gets rolled out, we at least want to give you some heads up because otherwise, some of you would say, why didn’t you at least allude to it. As David said, this doesn’t have an impact in Q2 really. It’s a pretty small impact. So, that was the rationale and thinking associated with it. And we will certainly roll this out with customers first, and then we will share with you more of what the impact is. But that’s the way we look at how we move the business going forward.
Shantanu Narayen: I will answer the first – the third one first, Keith, as Dan does, which is if you look at the growth, the unit growth is being driven by single apps, which is new subscribers and driving to it. So that trend, in terms of continuing to drive single unit, is definitely part of how we think about it. I will answer maybe one part of also how you have to think about it, which is when you think about Russia and Belarus, we have the ARR, which is the book of business, but there is no way to really get payments. And with all of the sanctions that’s there, what we have factored is that book of business, because we are not going to be getting payments from Russia, that is the impact that Dan alluded to, which is the $75 million for the rest of the year. So, in addition to seizing new payment – in addition to stopping new sales, what you have to realize is for a service that exists as a SaaS-based service, you are unable to collect payments. And so we have reflected that impact as well in the particular geographies.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Kash. I mean to net it out, I definitely feel more positive about business moving forward than I ever have, because just if you take a step back and look at all of – first look at Q1, we had a strong Q1. We clearly beat our targets in what is perhaps the most unpredictable situations that exist in the world. So, we feel really good about Q1. We feel really good about the new initiatives that – both in Document Cloud and Creative Cloud and in Experience Cloud that David and Anil spoke to. I did allude to the fact that when you think about the seasonal cadence and the rhythm of the business, certainly, some of that’s impacted. And perhaps the thing that you are alluding to, Kash, was in Q2 of last year, there was sort of a catch-up as “small and medium businesses” came on – come back online. And so you have to just factor what that is in. But both in terms of the revenue growth in DME for Q3 and Q4 as it relates to getting more similar to Q1 as well as the ARR, we are optimistic about the second half. The only reason we didn’t talk about Q2 is because we actually gave specific guidance and targets for Q2. So, don’t take that as anything as opposed to we have given you targets for Q2 and we are trying to give you color on what happens in Q3 and Q4. So hopefully, that helps, Kash. And on the DX side, since there have been fewer questions on the DX side, I mean what we have done, Summit was really exciting, the amount of new announcements that we have done there. Every person that I talked to in the C-suite continues to want to really focus on digital transformation and customer experience management. I am excited. I am back on the road again. It feels great. We have employees back in the office and facilities. People want to meet, and digital engagement is top of mind. So, across all three of our businesses, we didn’t talk about the document business. $100 million in ARR for the quarter, $2 billion book of business, really good adoption of our new functionality, whether it’s on the web as well as a unifying sign with Acrobat, which was a big movement that we are trying to do. So, I think all of those are positive. I think the one impact that, again, maybe Dan can just touch on is certainly, it doesn’t impact our core business. But the EPS, you just have to factor some of the revenue and other considerations that happened. But for the functional part of the business, I feel really good.
Shantanu Narayen: Kash, at the FA meeting, we talked about what the overall addressable market opportunity is. But I really feel like we can get billions of users to use our product. And then they will be the spectrum of people who will be paying us on a subscription business as well as others who will perhaps take advantage of some of the freemium offerings that we have. We are starting to see that kind of adoption with the Document Cloud certainly, right, where you have 0.5 billion people who have used our – a Reader and other products. But I think in terms of Creative Cloud Express, my hope and my aspiration is that every single person who has a story to tell uses some part of the Creative Cloud Express. We are off to a great start there, Kash. I think on the differentiation, as David said, we have the platform. We have every single piece of technology that we need to deliver a great compelling experience. And now we are also world-class at making sure that we capture search-based intent. So, we want to anticipate what people want to do with Creative, but I would be disappointed if that doesn’t just continue to be a huge growth area in terms of new users to our platform.
Shantanu Narayen: And since that was the last question, I wanted to, again, thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased with the performance. We think we had a really strong start to the fiscal year across all three of our businesses Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. And more than that, I think our ability to continue to delight customers and deliver on the innovative roadmap gives us a lot of confidence associated with the new initiatives taking stock and contributing to the future growth at Adobe. The spotlight, I believe, on digital will just continue. And as we get back to more normalcy, I think that will only all go well for both Adobe and our customers. And the successful Summit that we just organized, I think is another indicator of the interest that exists in our solutions. So, thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to sharing more as we go through the year. Thank you.
David Wadhwani: Yes, happy to. So as Shantanu mentioned, the last pricing update and adjustment we made was in 2017. Since then, we’ve added a lot to our existing offerings. We’ve added new applications. We’ve extended broadly across multiple services. We’ve doubled down on collaboration. We’ve added millions of stock assets and thousands of fonts. And we’ve also introduced new offerings. Obviously, Acrobat across web and mobile has been growing for the last few years, and you heard us talk – last year or 2, you heard us talk about that in the prepared remarks. But also CCX is now in market across web and mobile. And the early success we’re seeing with these new offerings across web and mobile and across Acrobat and CCX has really been the catalyst for these pricing adjustments that we’re looking at doing. They let us introduce the right value with the right onboarding experience and the right pricing to attract millions of new subscribers. And they provide us the opportunity to right-size the value where engagement and usage is highest in our core existing customer base. The impact of this, we think, for Q2 will be fairly minimal because it takes time to roll this out globally, and it takes time for customers to go through their renewal cycles where their prices change. But we expect it to have a more significant impact and build-out in Q3 and Q4.
David Wadhwani: Yes, thanks for the question. We’re very excited about the launch of CCX. But just to up-level for a minute, and as a reminder for everyone on the call, we’ve been talking about the communicator segment for years, both as it relates to non-pros and as it relates to the creator economy. We’ve talked about in the past that our mobile and desktop apps have hundreds of millions of registrations, which is clearly going beyond our Creative Pro base. And we’ve built a significant business. In fact, we believe that we’re the largest provider of creative tools in the world when measured by revenue across all of our segments: pros, communicators and consumers. The introduction of Creative Cloud Express though represents a lot of our learning over the last few years, starting with the business model. It’s a freemium business model. It’s predominantly web and mobile. So it’s zero friction for onboarding customers, and users are seeing success in minutes, not hours. In addition to that, we have an unprecedented library that we bring to Creative Cloud Express. We have 175 million stock images and videos. We have 20,000 fonts, largest font library online available, and thousands of templates that have been really carefully crafted and designed by some of the best creatives in the world. And this is important because at the end of the day, if you’re going to be a content-first creation tool, the content you mix together is a fundamental differentiator in terms of what you’re creating and what you’re producing. And we feel very, very good and confident about our ability to continue to expand this library and just make sure that what people are mixing to create their output is world class. But of course, we also have the power of Adobe. If you look at what we’re starting to do, and this gives you a hint of where we’re going with our quick actions across Photoshop Quick Actions, Premiere Quick Actions, Acrobat Quick Actions that have started to make their way into Creative Cloud Express, we feel really good about the pipeline of innovation we can bring from our decades of leadership across all of our segments directly into Creative Cloud Express. And then, of course, we are looking for ways to accelerate. We acquired a company called ContentCal that we’ve announced will be the foundation of rich content publishing and scheduling for Creative Cloud Express users. And then lastly, the work we’ve been doing over the last many years around the data-driven operating model that Dan talked about in his opening has been invaluable here. So we’re finding and we’re onboarding new users that would not have typically interacted with Adobe through their intent-based search. And the result is a little bit of what we alluded to. We’ve seen great traffic. We’re seeing millions of monthly active users just a few months into the launch. We have an NPS over 60 at this point in the product. So we’re really bullish on the start of where we are. And if you look at the long pipeline of Adobe-only innovation, maybe to your question, we’re super excited about that. And the last thing I’ll say here is that don’t forget the opportunity here is to drive millions of new users into our franchise. But the opportunity is also to drive high engagement and usage within our core CC base and take what has already been a very, very strong retention curve there and continue to drive engagement and retention of our CC users as well.
David Wadhwani: Yes. I think Shantanu covered most of it. Just a couple of things to add. As you correctly point out, we joke internally that actually John and Chuck created product-led growth with distributing the free Reader and then sort of upselling people from there to the Acrobat offering. And so we’ve, throughout our history, had this idea and sense of how you drive utilization and usage and engagement and then drive that to convert to users. I think what we are – where we are right now is an exciting inflection point where, as Shantanu mentioned, we’re seeing a lot more activity and engagement on web, we’re seeing a lot more activity and engagement on mobile. And that lets us have better and more seamless onboarding. So we can use everything we’ve learned around DDOM to drive better intent-based search and reach audiences that frankly we weren’t able to reach before because the onboarding experience, the actions to success and then what we do beyond that is in minutes, not hours.
Dan Durn: And then, Jay, just to come to your second question, we talked about the business performing well. When we talk about digital content and data increasingly driving economic growth going forward in a world where everything is going digital. That means we have an immense market opportunity in front of us, greater than $200 billion in 2024 and significantly larger than that as we look forward. So our long-term growth opportunity at Adobe is not opportunity-constrained. And so when we think about our leadership and product positions, they are built on the back of a very strong innovation engine at the company. So, we are going to orient towards growth. We are going to continue to invest in R&D and the sales muscle to scale our businesses over time and continue that leadership in the markets that we participate in. But we are going to do what we have always done along the way, is do it in a disciplined way, so we are marrying the investments we make with the opportunities as they materialize and grow in a very profitable way. And so you can see the company’s history in terms of strong profitable growth, and I would expect our track record on that to continue over the long run.
Dan Durn: Yes. Your third question on operating margin. So, let me break it up into three time periods. Let’s talk about Q1 briefly. Let’s talk about FY ‘22 and then beyond. So, as we think about Q1, clearly, Omicron was a context around that quarter. So, our investments in things like travel, facilities weren’t as robust as originally contemplated, and you saw a little bit of uplift from a margin structure standpoint in Q1. When we take a step back, we talked about the growth profile and the leadership of our product positions, continuing to invest to scale our businesses, and a lot of those investments being R&D and sales-oriented. We will continue to do that. And the targets that we set in FA Day a few months ago implied in those – in that framework is an operating margin for the year. And so I think you will see that unfold throughout the rest of the year. And then longer term, we talked about the significant opportunities facing the company and our ability to capture that with our leadership position as the world goes increasingly digital. And as we grow and scale this business, you will see the benefits of that over time layer into the operating margin as we continue to do it in a strong, profitable and disciplined way.
Dan Durn: Yes. And just coming back to your last piece, Keith, on Frame, now, that it’s part of the business, we are not going to be breaking this out. We talked about the momentum in the business. It’s great. The team is doing really well. The number of deals, the average deal size, business has a lot of momentum around it. And we talked about the great collaboration technology that exists there. But now that it’s a part of the business, we won’t be breaking it out explicitly.
Dan Durn: Yes. So Shantanu did a good job talking about the fundamentals of the business. The other piece are the transient effects. And I would point to two of them. So, for the war in Ukraine, we de-risked the profile around the situation. And that’s the prudent thing to do, to be conservative in situations like this. So, that’s what you see in the $87 million reduction in ARR as well as the $75 million reduction from a revenue standpoint, Q2 through Q4. So, if I take that revenue and I flow it through the P&L, that’s going to be about a $0.04 a share headwind per quarter for the balance of the year, Q2 through Q4. From a tax standpoint, we talked about an 18.5% non-GAAP tax rate. That’s a 1.5 point change versus where we were at FA Day. If I were to roll that through the P&L, that’s about $0.06 a share per quarter throughout the year. We were able to overcome that in Q1. And then when I look at the share repurchase activity, clearly the company took advantage of the current environment. And that’s going to create about a $0.02 a share benefit each quarter this year versus where we were at FA Day. And so when I net all of that out on a go-forward basis, you have got about an $0.08 per share headwind in each quarter. And again, like we said in Q1, we were able to overcome that headwind in Q1 and deliver above the expectations that we had set, and we are going to continue to orient towards growth. We are going to invest to lead, but if there is opportunities to do it in a disciplined way and overcome it on a go-forward basis, we will take it a quarter at a time and let you know what we see.
Dan Durn: Yes, sure. So, if I were to look at where we landed in Q1, and we talked about not fully investing from a travel and facilities standpoint because of the Omicron environment. And as I look forward to the Q2 guide and the operating margin that is implicit in that guide and I were to break it out into some several buckets. There is going to be an influence from the transient effects of the Russia situation. We are going to do increased hiring to invest for future growth. We get full quarter impact from a merit standpoint instead of a one month impact. And then we will start to see the reopening expenses start to layer back in. Those are the four buckets that bridge you from Q1 to Q2. And I would say each of those four buckets is roughly equally weighted. And so I think that’s what gets you to a more normalized run rate as we look into Q2 and the back half of the year.
