Shantanu Narayen: Why don't I take that? In terms of what we saw after MAX if you recall MAX was perhaps the most productive release ever in the history of the company in terms of the five new products that we had introduced. At the end of Q4 if you look at the business that we have both in terms of single app adoption which continues to grow as well as the CC complete which continues to grow. I would say the photography offering continues to be a very popular offering we introduced a new version of Lightroom and so that’s seeing good traction.  The second product I would highlight would be XD which is the product for screen design, everything that the creators are doing in terms of designing new interfaces for products across a variety of screens. And then we saw the traditional strength in the existing products that we continue to see namely Photoshop, Illustrator, the video products continue to do well as well.  So, I think this is something that we do standard which is, we just continue to make sure that we are delivering great innovation for our customers. MAX certainly represents the culmination of a lot of effort and so as expected the attention that we bring to it drives more traffic.
Shantanu Narayen: We had a really strong close to the end of the year so the sequential increase in bookings from Q3 to Q4 as is consistent with year-end seasonality, we were pleased with the strength associated with that in terms of the subscription bookings for the years as well. We were pleased with that advertising cloud had a good quarter as well. So, the opportunity continues to be really large as we talked about the $53 billion-dollar opportunity that we have we’re the undisputed leader. And our innovation is really helping our enterprise customers with their digital transformation needs.
Shantanu Narayen: A big picture in terms of the overall demand for Creative Cloud, it continues to be clearly the one stop shop for creativity and the increase in the ARR that we issued as a target is more a reflection of just the continued comprehensive nature of the offering, the adoption that we're continuing to see in international markets rather than necessarily anything different in terms of what we expect for the price increase which as we said at the Analyst call we expect to be low this year.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Brent, I mean as that business continues to expand and continues to grow well, I think the first phase of that business was clearly everything that we were doing direct with large verticals in what we would call the strategic accounts in specific verticals, and B2C was a big push associated with that, we're seeing quite a bit of adoption in B2B and consistent with the way I think every other enterprise software company would do we're looking not just at the strategic and corporate accounts but expanding into Greenfield territory both in the United States and abroad so that continues to be an area of push and as you can imagine that happens both with our direct sales force as well as with the ecosystem of partners that continues to be really key for us in terms of growth in that business. We talked and touched on the Microsoft partnership and how that's yielding good implementations with customers and we expect that momentum to continue but also whether it'd be digital agencies or SI partners they're certainly bringing us into more of their accounts. So, just continued expansion and we're pleased with the execution that we have there.
Shantanu Narayen: Brent maybe I'll take that one as well, I mean the pipeline just continues to be an evergreen pipeline and we're continuing to both close deals, we're continuing to up sell, when we looked at the number of large deals that we have and we think about the number of customers who are adopting multi solution deals that has certainly increased which we look at as good validation of the comprehensive and integrated nature of our product but you've been tracking enterprise software for a long time, we had a great sequential bookings quarter between Q3 and Q4 but pipeline is an evergreen thing that we'll continue to put a lot of focus on.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure Ross, I mean I think it's driven a lot by PDF adoption on mobile devices and PDF continuing to be the best way for people to share files across devices, when we think about PDF adoption it actually accelerated in Q4, over the rest of the year which as we've been saying all along was pretty strong. Primarily we've seen people adopt the subscription which is consistent with what we're doing across the Creative Cloud but we also saw some traditional strength that we expect at the end of the year with respect to enterprises continuing to either true up or do licensing of the perpetual version. We're pleased with that and that provided some nice upside. There's a significantly larger install based of Acrobat that isn’t on the subscription and as people continue to adopt both the subscription offering, which is the primary offering, as well as the perpetual that just signifies good growth opportunity for us. But specifically, we saw quite a bit of licensing of the perpetual new Acrobat DC product at the end of the year as enterprises use the end of cycle to true up and buy more product. 
Shantanu Narayen: Stan, the Analyst Meeting, we actually talked about given the robustness of the ecosystem that we will be leveraging the ecosystem more to do the actual implementation of these whether they be for the entire marketing cloud or for Adobe experience managers specifically that’s part of the reason, why when we talk about our bookings growth it's going to be greater than the revenue growth that we report, that includes services. So, a great ecosystem of partners, I think we’re focusing on some specialized services with these customers, which is at the very strategic level. But for the most part, we have a great set of partners, who will be doing the heavy lifting associated with the implementation of not just experience manager, but the rest of our solutions and in fact our clouds with the customers. 
Shantanu Narayen: Stan, I think the real goal for us was to demonstrate that we are open for business, the stuff is actually working, customers are excited about as you can expect in these cases, it’s both joint selling between Microsoft and us, its us bringing them into deals, its them bringing us into deals and its partners bringing both of us into deals. So, it's the usual combination that you see in the enterprise in terms of how people adopt software. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think we've always talked about how we have been the leaders in creating those categories and how the analytics that we have is without a doubt one of the secret sauces and the biggest competitive advantage that we continue to have.  Enabling integration between that Analytics as well as our other solutions has been over a five-year effort and we've integrated it. And I think it's just of a reflection that others in the marketplace are understanding that Adobe has a significant competitive advantage with respect to everybody else. But big picture this is an incredibly large opportunity. We're the leader we're going to continue to innovate. We're seeing great customer wins and there will be competition in the space as well as we expect. 
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, Jay. I mean first on the Creative Cloud, the success that we've continued to see it's the golden age of creativity and design right now. And when you think about what's happening with Augmented Reality, Virtual reality, artificial intelligence, the kinds of mobile apps that are being created at Adobe. We're just attracting the best. And as you know, we focused tremendously on product Scott is phenomenal at that. And we're just attracting the best in the world to continue to help us push the envelope on being the design and creativity applications. So, thrilled to have him onboard. I would not read into that necessarily anything different with respect to segmenting that. I would definitely read into that that we continue to focus on innovation and making sure that we lead that market the way we've been doing.  And with respect to your question on the Marketing Cloud, we will continue to demonstrate all of the different use cases. We will continue to focus on vertical industries, we will focus on sort of how people are using this at high level for things like personalization or multichannel engagement with our customers. But from our point of view, the integration associated with these products, every year it gets better. So, the notion of a single sign on that you're talking about and the fact that our customers can think about audience segmentation and demographics, or campaigns, or promotion or content velocity already within this platform, we're so far ahead of where the rest of the market is, but you can correctly continue to expect us to make both the integration better as well as the individual point products better.
Shantanu Narayen: I think when you look at the partner program, there're multiple dimensions to it but very quickly the first dimension to it certainly is that all of our products when we architect our products just allow developers whether they be individual developers, whether they be enterprises, whether they be system integrators or agencies, to extend our products and so them having their secret sauce to augment our products is a key part of one of our partner strategy.  With respect to implementation and strategy services, again the traditional SIs and digital agencies are very much part of the ecosystem in terms of both implementation, architecture, services and strategy, and as is probably similar to everybody else in this space when you think about the large deals and the large customers that we have most of these customers have engagement with some partners as well, and so the partner involvement in these accounts will only continue to increase with the strategic nature of this, but everybody has an Adobe practice you'll see at our kickoff that we have, they're very well represented as well as our summit where we have a Partner Day, so we're pleased with the partner interest and we will continue to leverage it because it's in our best interest as well as in the customer's best interest.
Shantanu Narayen: Tom on the Creative Cloud side, a lot of those transitions have actually happened and what we are actually seeing and what we focus on even more right now. Two things, one is name user deployment, so ensuring that the adoption of the new Creative Cloud within enterprises is high and second, adoption of services. So, I would say the transition of enterprise customers from buying perpetual to buying Creative Cloud is largely behind us and really the focus is on adoption of all the new products and services that we have and on ensuring that the named account and deployment is going well from their point of view. I would say on the Acrobat side, they’re still probably some install base that exists, but on the Creative Cloud it’s largely behind us.
Shantanu Narayen: We talk about right through the year, how the unit growth is really been driving momentum not just in the Document Cloud, but also since some of that is reflected in the Creative Cloud and its primarily subscriptions, in fact all of the subscriptions and services that we continue to see such as sign and the scan product is driving more PDF adoption. And so, we continue to think that PDF will be a really important format as people move from inefficient paper based processes to electronic processes. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think the focus that the field organization has in that particular area is really making sure that people understand that there is a complete offering and we have customer success managers who are in there ensuring that people get the value out of it. That’s a program that’s really been working, we do Adobe Day as we do evangelism. And as design is becoming more prevalent within enterprises, I think adoption of either the individual products or the complete product within enterprises is increasing.  As with the adoption of the Creative Cloud, we started in North America and now we continue to roll that out. But we think that as we’ve laid out even for individual users moving the core, migrating the core to Creative Cloud and then doing both market expansion and value expansion even with enterprise customers based on the new offerings continues to be headroom for us. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I will answer the second question first. I mean, we clearly look at everything that’s happening in the marketplace as we think about the guidance that we have because we take it very seriously. But I think I would say in terms of adoption with new customers the multi-solution adoption is primarily the way in which we are going to market, because people see if they're using content management having content management with analytics is really the way to go as well as the audience segmentation part of audience manager. And so, the fact that we have this comprehensive offering from Visitor acquisition to delivery of the content to measurement and monetization, it's really the way we go to market to reflect the depth of our suite and the importance of the platform adoption. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well, I think this is still early, but the initial success that we are seeing is really good. And it was just to reflect when you think about whether it’s the dynamics integration with campaign, whether it's what we are doing with Adobe Experience Manager with Azure, what's happening with PowerBI. The people are adopting both solutions and the momentum in the business is strong. 
Shantanu Narayen: Well thanks Adam. And as it relates to services, the one that we're seeing a fair amount of traction and year-over-year had quite significant growth versus Stock as it relates to Creative Cloud as well as sign as it relates to the Document Cloud. And in addition to that, I mean when we think about the Creative Cloud total addressable market, and we think about market expansion in the $5.7 billion I think we had talked about as the 2020 addressable and $7.1 billion for value expansion.  I think the other thing such as storage collaboration I think is a big opportunity ahead of us. The number of people who do the design within an enterprise as it relates to the number of people who will engage in that collaboration, so I expect to see Adobe do more in that particular space.  But I think just continuing to afford our customers, the ability to come -- training we've always said is a -- and learning content is something that's an opportunity associated with it, so at the Analyst Meeting, Adam we gave some numbers but hopefully that also gives you some color in terms of the different services that we have. And since that was the last question, what I wanted to say was as we celebrate our 35th anniversary I know all of us here at Adobe are really proud of the impact that we've had on society and really the continuous innovation that we're delivering across the world by all of our employees.  It feels the strategy that we have empowering people to create and helping businesses transform is really resonating, they represent large addressable markets with very significant tailwinds, the relentless execution we continue to demonstrate, means that we're pretty unique from a financial perspective in terms of both driving top line and bottom line growth profitably, with significant operating margins.  We had outstanding financial results in Q4 and FY'17. Our focus in FY'18, continuing to deliver great value to an incredibly diverse set of customers, and so we remain really enthusiastic about the opportunities ahead of us. Thank you for joining us today and wishing you and your families a joyous holiday season.
Mark Garrett: And I would add just add a little bit to that subscription bookings were up 20% for the quarter and for the full year which is what we had targeted back at Q3. And the subscription organic revenue I said this in my prepared remarks even without the benefit of 2 was up 22% year-over-year. And that subscription revenue as we have said is the way we are really going to start to measure the health of the business. So, we were really pleased with both of those.
Mark Garrett: So, we have not seen any indication that people are buying just ahead of the price increase. We just think the strength that we saw in the fourth quarter was coming off as Shantanu said MAX as well as just Q4 seasonality. And the truth of the matter is if people are buying ahead of the price increase that’s great, because just like we do with promotions that brings people into the franchise and allows us to move them up the ladder so to speak later. So, either way we are happy but we don’t think Q4 was a result of people buying early.
Mark Garrett: Yes. The 100 million has little to do currency, it’s more based on our over achievement through the year and what we expect to deliver in ’18. So, it’s not a currency related raise. 
Mark Garrett: I mean we've said that if you model out the business next year it'll follow typical patterns that you saw in 2017 so I think you should expect whether that's total company or even down to the segment level, things following along similar growth patterns to what you saw in '17.
Mark Garrett: Yes, I mean obviously as you said based on the fact that this isn't final yet, I can't comment too much. I'll say we clearly believe that the tax code needs to be overhauled, that its outdated and we clearly are excited about the proposition to really access foreign cash. So, based on what I see this is all very positive for Adobe. It would result we believe in a lower tax rate for us. It would result we believe in our ability to access foreign cash. The good news for Adobe as well is that we have been accruing for a significant percentage of our foreign cash at a 30% tax rate. So, if this passes at a 14% rate on all our foreign cash you wouldn’t see a significant P&L hit, because basically we have already accrued that tax which is great from the Adobe's perspective. So, we will see where it plays out but based on what we see so far, it's very positive from our perspective.
Mark Garrett: So, the only significant change to the way we have been executing so far is that as I said DSO is up a little bit because of the two-mobile business just being a different kind of a business from a collections perspective. But outside of that we gave you margin and earnings guidance for next year that will continue to drive good strong cash flow. I did say Q1 there is some seasonality in cash flow because it makes a lot of year end disbursements based on accruals that we make in the fourth quarter, but we are continuing to drive growth in cash flow. That’s about all I can tell you right now. But I fully expect that cash flow will be up again significantly next year.
Mark Garrett: So deferred revenue was up 24%, unbilled navy was up less than that year-over-year. But we are pretty pleased with just that total number of 6.4 billion and the growth that that generates going into next year. It’s a little hard to take just that and think about how that compares to revenue growth because it's a little bit apples and oranges not all of the revenue comes off of deferred or unbilled. So, you kind of have to look at them separately.
Mark Garrett: Yeah, obviously we are very fortunate to be able to have in my perspective both significant top-line growth that 20% plus and significant margin growth at scale already. We've done a great job over the years of managing margins. If there is anything we know how to do with Adobe that's it. If there are things that we feel that we need to invest in to drive growth, we will do that. But outside of that, we can deliver margins. So, I'm not going to guide beyond the 40%ish that we talked about for next year. But we make those tradeoffs every month as we go through spending in the company and clearly want to drive growth. 
