Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Dan. We are proud of our strong Q2 performance across Creative Cloud Document Cloud and Experience Cloud. Adobe remains one of the greatest places to work in the industry. And I want to thank our employees for their relentless dedication. This quarter, Forbes named us a top employer for college graduates, and we were ranked on their list of America's best employers for diversity. I'm thrilled to welcome our largest cohort of interns and university graduates this summer. Demand for our category defining products and services continue to grow. We're innovating at rapid speed for new and existing customer segments, accelerating our leadership in established categories, and seeing strong momentum for our newer initiatives. Our strategy remains to focus on long term growth initiatives while delivering world class profitability. Our business fundamentals and market tailwinds are strong. And I've never been more confident in our ability to execute on the $205 billion market opportunity ahead of us. I will now turn it back over to Jonathan.
Shantanu Narayen: Thanks Kirk. Yes, we are pleased with what we saw in the quarter. In the conversations that we're having, both Anil and I would first say that the interest level in executives all around the world, is very high. Unlike last time, I would say right now, the focus is also a lot on execution. So a lot of the investments that people have made in digital, they recognize that given how critical the imperative is to engage with customers digitally. So we're actually pleased both Adobe as well as if you look at the entire systems integrator and partner network, they are finding that there's a lot of demand for implementation on Adobe products. I think the other part of the conversation that you all have with enterprise CEOs right now is they all recognize it's an uncertain time. And that's the conversation that we have. But despite that uncertain macroeconomic environment, the thing that all of them recognize is that Digital is a priority. And they really want to continue to have conversations with us as to how they can do Digital. I’ll have Anil maybe add a little bit of what he's seeing across different verticals as well. But the importance of digital remains undiminished.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, Brent, the way I would describe it as we had a strong first half, and we actually continue to see a strong demand for our unique solutions. And all of our new initiatives as well as the established businesses are doing well. I guess what we're also paying attention to is, what we all read as part of the macro environment. And when I look at what we expect for our second half, the confidence remains undiminished. The question really for us is timing. And maybe we're being a little cautious as it relates to what happens, given the summer seasonality, as Brent better than most is, sort of the July and August. So as it relates to our second half pipeline, the confidence remains undiminished. And we're just maybe a little cautious as it relates to timing. In terms of what we had said, in March, you're right, we had sort of alluded to the fact that we would have expected some sequential increase; clearly we had a strong Q2. But that's part of the reason why we wanted to give a little bit of color and be transparent on how we see it. And as you notice, we reaffirm the $1.9 billion for net new ARR for the year.
Shantanu Narayen: Brad maybe if I were to add, I think the team is actually having a lot of fun with all these cool features. To your point, they're showing some incredible stuff as part of the quick actions. But if you look at the depth of what they have, I mean, there is so much behind the scenes that we will be able to monetize. But clearly the focus is on usage right now, as David said. It's been fun.
Shantanu Narayen: I think as it relates to your M&A question, and then David could certainly answer the other one, clearly valuations to your point have changed quite a bit. And the first thing I'll start off by saying is, we're really pleased with our portfolio. If you look at some of the new initiatives, and we've touched on that, whether it's Adobe Express, whether it's the real time CDP customer journey analytics, what we're doing with things on the web, including PDF, we feel really good. I do feel Alex that there are going to be a number of small single product companies that are probably not going to survive, what's happening. And the valuation sort of multiple changing is actually I think, good for a larger company like Adobe. So I, it doesn't feel like we need anything, but we will always be on the lookout for things that are additive, that are adjacent, and that will provide great shareholder value and our metrics associated with ensuring great technology, great cultural fit, and adjacency remain. But we have so much going on within the company that we're excited about our current portfolio, clearly, things will be more reasonable in terms of M&A as well.
Shantanu Narayen: Nothing Karl to call out. I mean, if you look at what our targets are for the year, and if you look at it in terms of what we would expect, for both subscription and total revenue we’re in effect saying exactly the same at the beginning of the year, in what's a really tough economic environment. So the interest in our solutions remain strong. I also wanted to maybe add to a little bit of what David said to for Saket. The consumer sentiment that we continue to hear from banks, such as yourselves, is that the consumer sentiment actually continues to remain strong, both in the U.S. and in Europe. So I didn't want to have anybody feel like that's not what we're seeing as well.
Shantanu Narayen: I’ll start off maybe on that particular question, Jay, because one of the areas that we're seeing just tremendous interest is what we are referring to as content supply chain. And both David and Anil can touch on that as well, a little bit more. But this notion of people creating campaigns, if you agree with us that the greatest value that we can provide is enabling every enterprise to do personalization at scale, the amount of content that's being created, the amount of content that's being delivered, and to understand the efficacy of the campaigns, is just absolutely top of mind. I mean, we have a large, large consumer company that has completely consolidated all of their marketing activity to really understand what this content supply chain is. And so the notion of content supply chain, and what we can do between our creative applications, the asset management that we deliver, the website and what we are doing with AEM Experienced Manager, that and work front to be able to do workflow associated with that, that is really resonating with every single customer right now.
Shantanu Narayen: If you look at the rhythm of how we’ve managed the business, certainly, you look at what happens with education in Q4, you look at the enterprise, which tends to be a seasonally strong Q4. You start to look at what's happening with the emerging businesses that will continue to ramp. And so, it's a combination I think somebody else alluded to pricing, and we'll have a full quarter of pricing as well. And so, when you put all of those together, every Q3 to Q4 we see a seasonal uptick. And if you look at what happened even last year, and you look at what the numbers look like it's something that we know we're going to go drive.
Shantanu Narayen: Maybe the one thing I would add to all of that is, we have 32 billion profiles right now. I mean, clearly every customer has their profile kept isolated. So we're clearly the leader as it relates to you know, large companies that have a CDP in the market. That's well done.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure, let me first cover your second part cash as it relates to the bottom line. And our philosophy right now, given all of the myriad opportunities that we have is, we're planning for the upside, we know how to react to the downside, when that happens. I mean, look at what's happened with the tax rate, and the team, and the financial team and the product teams, what they were able to do to really address all of that is truly remarkable. I mean, we take it for granted at the company, but we've done an amazing, amazing job at continuing to be extremely profitable. For me, I think, when you talk about a recession, the question I ask people is, when you look at the three things that Adobe does, which is focus on content, focus on automation, focus on customer engagement, I just don't look at any of those and feel like the secular trend for that will change. So there may be some change in the rhythm of that quarter-over-quarter. But the fundamental shift of what we are doing, I mean, Anil talked about this real time CDP customer engagement is going to be the only thing that differentiates a business from another business, and the success that we're seeing in healthcare, clearly points to that as well. So, we’ll navigate it, we have an incredibly experienced management team. We're planning for the upside right now, which is all of our growth initiatives and will react as appropriate. And we are clearly not going to be in denial. But right now, it feels like a very strong time for Adobe to continue to execute against the things that we have on our plate.
Shantanu Narayen: I think if I were to add to that, I mean, really, in effect, what we do is we look at platforms in an unbelievably expensive way. And on any platform, just making sure that we get the magic of our technology and as friction free way possible, is part of what we are continuing to do. And we have a unbelievably rigorous process also or then really understanding how to monetize it. So some of the press releases may be a little bit more sensationalistic, in terms of how they announced that, Brad. But since that was the last question, I just have to say we're proud of how we're executing against our strategy. I mean, everybody would have knowledge that it's an uncertain macroeconomic environment. But we believe that we will continue to win by delivering great innovative products that at the end of the day delight and ever increasing for our set of customers. We're making some very creative marketing campaigns. We have strong sales and go-to-market motions that are appropriate for the set of customers that we're targeting. And I think we're the being the best users of our product, which actually gives us tremendous credibility, to both innovate at a rapid pace, as well as deliver great customer satisfaction and growth to our customers worldwide. So thank you for joining us. And with that, I'll turn it over to Jonathan.
David Wadhwani: Yes, thanks for the question. First of all, we're really thrilled with the reception of Creative Cloud Express, Adobe Express into the market. And frankly, it's been a lot of fun for us because it's a product that everyone at Adobe can also be using, it's amazing to see the creativity coming out of finance and legal for example. As a reminder, just to sort of up level for a second, we've been focused on the communicator and creator economy, ecosystem for years. In fact, we believe that we're the largest provider of creative tools to professionals and communicators on the back of our core products. So I want to just make sure people recognize that the core products are playing to this incredibly large market, where we see Express filling in is that Express is additive and broadens the region, that new communicator base, because of exactly what you're saying the freemium business model, there's zero friction onboarding, it's clearly showing that we're able to attract millions of new users into the franchise. And we're able to do it very efficiently by optimizing how we onboard customers from search terms that typically were not ones that we've focused on in the past. We also look at the ability to onboard those users and differentiate the offering, with the integration of these amazing features that we get from the from the desktop applications like Adobe magic. And all of this helps differentiate what we're doing with Express. And if we take a step back and look at it from a business perspective, we feel very confident that Adobe Express and the way we actually pull people into that funnel is additive to the market opportunity that we're playing. So we're really emphasizing the ability to add more capabilities there and differentiate there. I do also want to remind folks that that Express is also available to core Creative Cloud customers. And by integrating some of those features into Express, we're enabling workflows between the core Creative Cloud products and also Express and we believe that's going to have a strong retentive value on the core base and we just had, in fact, a great quarter with very strong retention for Creative Cloud as well.
David Wadhwani: And on pricing, Alex, you're right. We did sort of introduce a modest price increase to a portion of our customer base in Q2, the new prices were in market for about a month and drove a little under 10 million of benefit, which is exactly what we were expecting. And as you can see, it's a very small part of the 464 million that we drove in Q2. Customer reaction overall to this has been good, because we've added so many new features since the last price update that it's been very positive overall. And in fact, if we get asked anything by analysts, it's why we didn't make a bigger price increase. And the reality there is we're primarily focused on adding millions of new users. We are a growth business. We want to continue to grow the user base. And we believe that with the initiatives we have around both the core and the new products, we want to run the business through acquisition of new users engagement and retention.
David Wadhwani: Yes, that we want to provide that as part of the guide. I think the metrics that David gave you, around Q2, give you a good sense of the expected actions that we anticipate going forward.
David Wadhwani: Yes, it makes perfect sense. Yes happy to take that one. So at a high level we think about the business through obviously multiple segmentations. But as you're looking at it, we think about it as enterprise buyers, midmarket and SMB buyers, communicators and consumers. So we have a very broad and diverse portfolio, which has served us very well in the past. And, and as you as you are alluding to, we've been through multiple recessions before so we have some good insight into how these different cohorts respond to difficult financial times. And overall, we fared very well. Enterprises we've talked about, you heard Anil and Shantanu talk about content is fueling the digital economy and needing to stay very focused on their digital investments. From a pro market perspective, we have professionals that are making their living using our products. So we feel very good about that offering, as well. From a communicators perspective, they tend to be either working in departments or small businesses, or they're part of this growing movement around the creative economy. And they're aspiring to make money or build followers with that. So it's an essential part of their, their toolset that they're going to do to grow their side hustle in their activities. And as it relates to the consumer businesses, we've been very thoughtful with pricing there, and have had very attractive pricing that we think has fared very well for us in the past around, through recession. So, overall, we think the business is diverse, and we see the business is very resilient.
David Wadhwani: Thanks. Thanks for the question, Jay. In terms of the application intelligence services, it fits really well into the portfolio of our Adobe Experience platform based services. So just to recap, we have three major services the real time CDP customer journey analytics, and the journey optimizer. And what we have done is really integrated these intelligence services as part of these applications that run natively on the Adobe Experience platform. And where that has been extremely valuable to us is, we have a broad base of customers through our digital experience portfolios, for example, with Adobe analytics, we have that's been the gold standard for a long time on for web traffic analysis and trends and insights. And with customer journey analytics, our enterprise customers can now get a 360 degree view of everything that's happening across the customer journey, whether it's web traffic or, or through mobile apps, social call center, and so on. And that's where the intelligence services really fit in, to really be able to expand the portfolio and derive value from how you segment those into audiences and activate them.
David Wadhwani: So I guess where I'd start is, if you take a look at where we are in, in the first half, I would say the performance of the businesses is really good. We talked about it earlier conversations with the customers, what we're seeing in data and DDOM and the insights that it gives us, we see strength into the back half of the year. So we're confident in the underlying performance of the business. And, I'd go back to the earlier comments, we see the headlines we see what others are talking about. And so in an environment like this, maybe we're a little cautious about Q3, I think that's the prudent way to go. But it doesn't take away from the insights we have and the belief we have and confidence in the underlying performance and the strength we see into the second half. And so I think we've taken everything into account. And we've got the right set of targets out there that reflect what we're seeing in the business and how we expect to perform.
David Wadhwani: Thanks Tyler. Yes, but let me take the big picture first on what we see with the overall CDP market. First of all, all the interest in CDP is a great validation of the fact that the traditional CRM is not the way to go to build the next generation, customer experience. Some of the data might be there, but you really need to activate the data and construct a rich profile before you can activate that. So if we look at the CDP market, what we see is, from our perspective, it's the platform for full customer engagement. And then that involves a number of different components. You look at the data collection that's required. And we built a lot of connectors, not only with our apps, we have over 100 connectors out there for the data collection, then you need to be able to assemble that into a real time database so that you can make the next best action the next best offer. We call it personalization at scale to millions of people in milliseconds. And that real time customer profile needs to be activated. And third, it then becomes the platform for not just the apps in our portfolio. But then for example, the integration we have with Dynamics, for example, with customer service, or the integration we have with ServiceNow, and so on, it needs to become the customer data platform that serves the entire range of customer facing applications. That's the way we look at CDP. That's what makes it a broad and exciting market. And that's really where we're differentiated where when we talk to customers, I mean, I'll give you the examples of say CVS, and NFL and so on, they recognize and agree with that vision. And that's why they're betting on us. And most of the players you see do one piece of it and don't really have the either the comprehensive nature of the product in their portfolio, or the real ability to pull it off in a true real time manner.
David Wadhwani: Yes, so happy to do that. It's been a it's actually a very exciting program for us. So as you know, Adobe Express is predominantly focused on communicators, small medium businesses, as they start to move more online. We've talked a lot about the rise of the creative economy, we've mentioned that there are hundreds of millions of small medium businesses that are really targeting more online communication and really focus on social media, in fact that in a recent survey, we found that the majority of small medium businesses actually say that their online presence is more important than their physical presence. And so they need to do coordinate and communicate digitally and our ability to provide with meta provide all the tools that they need end-to-end to build incredible content that stands out and participate in the online experience that that meta is providing. And, of course, also work more broadly across all the other social networks, I think, is a really great opportunity for meta, for us and certainly for the small medium business owners that are part of that program.
David Wadhwani: Yes, just want to build a little bit on the first part of Shantanu’s answer. We talked about offsetting some of the headwinds we see. We talked about the increase in tax rate. We talked about the FX headwind into the back half of the year. In Q1, we discussed the impact we were seeing from the war in Ukraine. When we take the effects and the impact we discussed in Q1, that's a $250 million revenue, headwind in the back half of the year, the increase in tax rate is about a $0.25 a share impactful year. When I net both of those together, we would expect to see about $0.60 to $0.70 a share erosion of the earnings power of the company. And to Shantanu’s point, it really underscores a philosophy that's underpinned how this company has operated for a very long time. It's about focused execution. It's about operating discipline. And the fact that the full year targets have come down $0.20 when the map would suggest it should be much greater than that just really underscores the power of the model. We're investing for innovation. We're investing to serve our customers, but we're doing it in a very focused and disciplined way. And I think that says a lot about who we are as a company.
David Wadhwani: Yes, absolutely happy to talk about that. We are very excited about the work we're doing here. Frankly, not just with Adobe Express but with Photoshop, as we mentioned here with Lightroom, as we've done in the past, and also with, with Acrobat. Our focus has always been to take the strengths that we have in the desktop and build a multi surface experience for our customers across desktop, mobile and web. And as we've done that, we've noticed that web and mobile really represents an opportunity to broaden our audience in a very significant way. And we do that by capturing search, traffic and at the point of intent, bringing them into the zero friction web experience with a freemium model. And so PS web and what you're seeing there is a step along that journey for our core imaging franchise. And we absolutely anticipate it being a source of funnel opportunity, similar to the way that that Acrobat has seen Acrobat web as a source of that funnel activity. You see how strong the core Acrobat businesses and how it's performing. We have a version of Acrobat web that's available we've been able to double traffic to that. And we now have over 50 million monthly active users, leveraging Acrobat web. And we use that as a top of leveraging Acrobat web on a monthly active basis. And we're able to leverage that and convert that traffic into real business. We're playing that same playbook now with Photoshop as well. And we expect that to be a very productive opportunity.
