Shantanu Narayen: I am happy to take that, Steve. You are right and thank you for the acknowledgment of how we are executing against the Creative business. From our point of view, Creative Cloud is very much about not just migrating the core customer segment, but significantly through market expansion, making sure that we are targeting new customers. I would point out two or three different initiatives in that space. The first one clearly is Creative Cloud Photography Plan. As you know, we used to have Lightroom and Photoshop Elements, we are increasingly seeing those consumers adopt Creative Cloud Photography Plan. That continues to do really well in terms of the new customer acquisition that we have. Second category that I will talk about are products like Adobe Spark, we are seeing more and more people who have a story to tell, wanting to use Adobe Spark. And I think in this year, you will see that also start to get integrated and folded into the Creative Cloud much like mobile apps are. They represent a big customer acquisition and adoption and migration opportunity. And the third, I have continued to impress upon education. Education as a segment does really well in Creative Cloud. It’s our next-generation or whether it’s K-12 students or higher ed, as they get exposed to our products, clearly as they enter university or the marketplace, they are using our products, all of which we look at as positive trends for the future.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Kirk, I have seen a rally in the stock market as well, which I think all of us have certainly experienced. But in addition to that, I would just continue to emphasize this notion of how all enterprises are being transformed by what’s happening in digital and the urgency with which they really need to think about technology that they can leverage to become more of an experienced business. I think that continues to be unabated. As you saw, we had a pretty strong Q4 revenue growth over 30% year-over-year in the Digital Marketing business. And I think the opportunity continues to be one that we are excited about not just in the U.S. but internationally as well, so nothing that we have seen either just before the election or post election changes are belief in the large opportunity and our continued execution in that space, Kirk.
Shantanu Narayen: Sterling, when we look at the entire year first, let me reflect that we continue to think that we both have the most comprehensive offering. And we are pleased with both the revenue and the bookings growth for the year. I do want to clarify that we think the cloud remains the long-term right offering for our customers, but it is a not. The fact that we have an on-premise solution, we continue to think it’s a competitive advantage. And globally, it’s hard to predict which option customers might prefer on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But I want to reiterate, it’s all from our point of view, good revenue. When we look at the different components of revenue in the Marketing Cloud and you look at subscription, which we think is the healthiest long-term predictor and then you look at perpetual and consulting. The subscription bookings revenue grew 29% year-over-year in FY ‘16, so stronger than the overall 20%. And if you actually go back to what Mark showed at the FA meeting and look at the pie chart, it was exactly in line with what we had predicted for Q4. Relative to the beginning of the year to your question, we certainly over achieved a little bit in perpetual revenue relative to subscription bookings. However, when you normalize that and you take given perpetual revenues a multiyear commitment and look at just the first year component, I think it’s really small. And so relative to overall growth, we feel good about it. The mix was slightly different relative to what we thought at the beginning of the year.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. Brent, I think the two things that we factor in, the first is as we have always stated when we first released Creative Cloud, adoption of Creative Cloud in Asia lagged adoption of Creative Cloud in the U.S. and UK for example, as markets. We now are pleased with the adoption that we are seeing. Australia was always a strong market. Australia continues to be a very strong market. So as it relates to Creative Cloud, as we said even having it in China right now, it was long overdue and the fact that we now have Creative Cloud for teams in China, I think shows our commitment to the Chinese digital economy, which we continue to think is one of the largest, so we feel good about it. The other large opportunity as you know, for us is in the Digital Marketing. And that’s driven by two different phenomena. The first phenomenon is as we increasingly have global agreements with U.S. multinationals, they expect the climate of our solutions, whether it’s in retail, financial services or other places to also be true in China and in India and in Australia and Southeast Asia. So that’s continuing to drive some growth. And then even local companies in all of those markets as they realize mobile in particular there and the digital disruption there. There is excitement around our products. So in Digital Media, it’s all about the adoption of Creative Cloud and Digital Marketing. It’s both about global adoption of our Digital Marketing solutions as well as local companies increasingly recognizing that they have to migrate to digital with mobile being the key driver there.
Shantanu Narayen: Net summary, Walter, very strong quarter in Q4, I think driven by two different phenomena. The first is 3 years ago when we had first introduced the ETLA program for our customers it was really more a reflection of what they were licensing for Creative Suite. So I would call them more of these custom solutions, which reflected what versions of different products that we are using. Starting in fiscal ‘16, we move to a more complete solution which is people were licensing all of the products and the fact that it was integrated. The field organization did a really great job of articulating the benefits of moving to the entire complete solution. And the second thing that actually happened in the year was also true-ups, which is people are finding that as they are deploying more and more of Creative Cloud, they were volunteering during true-ups so new logos as well as moving from what I would say, custom to complete and clearly resulting in an increase in ARPU for the enterprise. And we continue to believe that, that represents a large opportunity in the U.S. and internationally for FY ‘17.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes, I think two comments come to mind there. First is it was a very strong year. And if you look at just the Document Cloud segment, ARR, it probably under-represents the momentum that we have with the Document Cloud and Acrobat businesses because as you know, significant number of people also use Acrobat DC when they are using the Creative Cloud. So big picture, it was driven by both the adobe.com where we have very dramatically made the switch from people buying the perpetual product to people buying the subscription offering as well as enterprise and the adoption of new services like Adobe Sign. And so when you look at the ARR, I think the ARR growth was over 20% for the year. And when you think about the unit growth that we are seeing in it, it just reflects that PDF as a standard has continued to be the win, which people share it. For those on the call, I would also really recommend, you try out our new mobile apps and the scan functionality where it’s I would say one of the easiest ways for people to create a PDF out of any picture that they might have using the camera. So continued innovation I think in that space just reflects as paper to digital is this macro trend. We are very uniquely positioned to capitalize on that.
Shantanu Narayen: I think at this point Brian, what I would say is we are excited about the TubeMogul acquisition. And we are excited about the long-term video as well as data opportunity. Just to highlight from our point of view, TubeMogul enables – it’s more heft in our Ad Tech platform, which is a key part of as we are targeting the CMO or the Chief Revenue Officer or the Chief Digital Officer at an enterprise and adding to what we have in display, search and social, so that’s good. To your point, we do have now more end-to-end capabilities all the way from video delivery to monetization for our publisher as well as our advertiser customers. And I think what’s perhaps more strategic, the integration between their DSV offering and our DMV, we are seeing more and more people wanting to integrate with our industry leading audience manager DMV. That has really become in fiscal ‘16, a driver of the adoption of the platform. And so I think our goal when this closes, will be to share more about what we are planning to do strategically. But big picture, it just enables us to be more of a trusted platform for the Chief Marketing Officers and Chief Revenue Officers. And to enable both personalization in terms of delivery and better segmentation in deriving value from all of the data that they have. So excited about it and we will say more about that after we close.
Shantanu Narayen: All of them are clearly driving the transition of the business to ARR. I would say people are migrating off of the promotional pricing. And as long as they continue to retain to full price, that’s certainly one of the large drivers. I think we talked about enterprise as one of the large drivers. The mix as it moves from single app to complete is another driver. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color. And that’s why our strategy of getting more and more people on to the platform, we actually did fewer promotions in the quarter, they were more targeted promotions, so they were successful. And that gives you some color, I think. Stock and Sign are starting to become reasonable ARR and we expect continued growth in both those areas as well.
Shantanu Narayen: I think big picture, what I would say in that particular space is whenever there are hardware transitions or software transitions with significant new functionality, they always represent opportunities for us to accelerate migration. When people look at Windows in particular, I think what’s most exciting to them is in addition to the incredible hardware that Microsoft and other companies are doing, the fact that it’s touch-enabled, has really made a very significant difference. Video capabilities also in that platform are just so powerful that there is clearly migration from the high end proprietary video systems into PCs, so that hopefully gives you some color. I think Apple continues to innovate. But with Windows 10, as people migrate, it always is an opportunity for us to work with that transition team, to make sure that they also migrate to Creative Cloud.
Shantanu Narayen: I think with respect to both the addition of subs as well as the migration of the business, all of them just continue to be really powerful. If I had to give you a little bit of color as it relates to what happened in retention, I think in 2011 when we first outlined the opportunities, we estimated at that point that even at 80% retention rates for the core Creative it would be great for the business. Clearly, retention for the core Creative is higher than that. And in fact, for the entire base, that includes – if you could mute your line also, that would be great. Thank you. And so what I said was where retention for the core Creative is really higher than that. And when you think about it for the entire base that includes consumers, it’s also higher than 80%. So as we look at retention, it’s actually a very good indicator of the core health of the business. And we are pleased with that. With respect to the Creative Cloud Photography Plan, it just continues to be a very vibrant way for us to attract new customers to our particular platform.
Shantanu Narayen: And since that was the last question, for me my summary remarks would be while FY ‘16 was clearly a great year, in many ways I am even more excited about the long-term opportunities that we have created for ourselves as a company. When we think about the two big areas of focus for Adobe empowering people to create and transforming how businesses compete, it just represent massive opportunities in our content and data platform really allow us to uniquely address this need. On the Creative business, just continuing to enable any individual who has a story to tell, to tell them across any medium, any device. And on the enterprise side, enabling them to leverage technology to reinvent themselves as an experienced business, represent large unmet needs. I feel good that we are innovating while staying in an extremely select group of people and companies that are delivering impressive both top line and bottom line growth. I would like to thank our customers, partners, employees and investors and wish you all a happy holiday season. Thank you for joining us.
Mark Garrett: Hey, it’s Mark. Thanks for the question. I am glad I got one. I was getting ready to go home. So first, we are extremely proud of our ability to be one of the only, if not the only cloud companies that can grow significantly on top line and bottom line and the fact that we got to $3.01 this year and being well ahead of our guidance is something that we are very proud of. We do have room in the model to invest in the businesses that we need to invest in. And if you look at next year’s guidance and you do the P&L based on what we just told you, you are going to come up with operating margins that are increasing by around a point from this year, so from 34% to 35%. We gave you guidance for ‘18. You can see that margins continue to improve from there. I am not going to say at this point that we are going to go back to 40%, which is where we were in 2008, but you can see that there is still tremendous leverage in our model and we feel very good about that.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Jay. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we had extremely strong cash flow on the year, really good cash flow in Q4. As I look into next year, I expect very strong cash flow again. I will say, I am glad you asked the question, I will say just so everybody understands cash flow from Q4 to Q1 always naturally declines. We have a lot of payments that get made in the first quarter for commissions and bonuses and things like that. So you should expect a pretty substantial decline just sequentially, but I do fully expect another strong cash flow year next year.
Mark Garrett: Again, I expect deferred to continue to increase as we drive bookings faster than we are driving revenue.
Mark Garrett: I mean, we have – like you say, we have been consistently adding around $1 billion. And we feel very good about that number. We continue to attract new users. We continue to drive higher ARPU. We are getting people off of promotions on to full price. We are adding value-add services like Stock, all of those things help drive that ARR number. Retention helps drive that ARR number. So, there is lots of different ways that we can do that. And as you know, we are addressing a much bigger TAM than we were addressing a number of years ago. So all of that plays into our ability, we believe to continue to drive that kind of net new ARR.
Mark Garrett: Yes, there is nothing new. We are just trying to make sure we incorporate seasonality. I mean Q3 is a slower seasonal quarter for buying for us and we just want to factor that in.
