Shantanu Narayen: Thanks, Mark. Our vision at Adobe is to change the world through digital experiences. Over the last few years, we've laid the groundwork for the future of the company through product innovation, acquisitions and business model changes. We now believe it's time to double down and accelerate our growth in the 2 areas where we see the largest market opportunities: Digital media and digital marketing.  The goal of our digital media business is to revolutionize the creative process. We believe our Creative Cloud offering will deliver a comprehensive set of Creative tools, applications and services that will take content creation to the next level and bring hundreds of thousands of new customers to Adobe.  In the exploding digital marketing category, our goal is to be mission-critical to digital marketeers by transforming how they manage, measure and optimize their marketing campaigns. In doing so, we expect to build a billion dollar SaaS business.  Both of these opportunities will drive a more significant recurring revenue stream, increasing the predictability of our business, delivering strong cash flow and increasing our growth potential over the long term.  We have successfully transformed Adobe several times in the past, and I speak for the entire management team and employees when I say that we're completely energized by this next chapter for the company.  Thank you for joining us today. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Mike.
Shantanu Narayen: Brad, why don't I take that call? Clearly, we think it was a really great quarter as well. And it was across really all of our segments as well as all of our geographies. When we look at the creative business specifically, the strength was not just in the enterprise with licensing, but it was also really strong through all of our other channels. Adobe.com, where we continue to see more customers want to have a relationship with us was strong. And so all across-the-board, I would say the team really executed well. We had gone into the quarter letting you know that we had a healthy pipeline. And the team executed against all of the opportunities that we had ahead of us.
Shantanu Narayen: No, I wouldn't say that. I think the customers that we talked to about what's coming down the pike are also interested at the Analyst Meeting. We told you about all of the new things that are coming with respect to HTML offering as well as on the imaging side. We're going to have a Photoshop release after many years, as well as everything to do with the video products. So we're excited about the way we ended the year, but that doesn't, in any way, reduce our excitement about what's to come in 2012 and beyond.
Shantanu Narayen: Why don't I take that, Brent? As it relates to CS specifically in the launch that we expect, you have to remember that the launch is going to be really in the second half of the year as it relates to subscriptions. At the Analyst Meeting, we guided overall that the digital media business would be something like 5% to 7% growth. And so we're going to certainly start to see subscriptions accelerate after that because while we have a subscription offering right now, the subscription offering changes quite a bit. And from our point of view, we certainly have our models. We look at it and say, and I've got this question a lot from investors, if the current model and people don't move as quickly, then you'll see the growth as it relates to the pent-up demand for all of the innovation that we've provided in CS6. If more people move to it, it means that we've been more successful with getting people loyal to this new mechanism of delivering software. So again, we're really focused right now in making sure that, that experience with the launch in Q2 is as powerful as possible. And we'll continue to make sure we provide transparent data once the launch happens.
Shantanu Narayen: Walter, I think you actually got some of the key highlights. I mean certainly, the hobbyist products we launched, so we see that traditional uptick and that did well. Video, we continue to see significant both market share gains as well as growth. And the Enterprise licensing part of that business, where people are adopting the entire Creative platform, that's something that again, the field organization works towards that the entire year. That came in really very strong at the end of the year.
Shantanu Narayen: I think it's going to be a phased approach, Walter, when we release the product in Q2. I think you'll see a lot of individuals adopt the product right off the bat with freelancers. The goals associated with that is to make sure the entire experience of the membership and downloading of our desktop and touch applications and the core services that we provide is a really great experience. We will then start to roll that out with the channel's help to small and medium businesses, as well as larger enterprises. But like you see in a traditional Creative Suite launch, I would expect the individual users to adopt it first, and then for us to start rolling that out across the other segments including education later in the year.
Shantanu Narayen: Steve, I think in terms of color for how we expect the adoption of the subscription, targeting new users continues to be a key area of focus. Among existing users, I think you're right that some of the what we have called version skippers in the past may be the earlier adopters of the subscription services. But we also have tremendous amount of loyalists who we expect will continue to see the benefits of the subscription. So I would say new users and the older versions will probably adopt it quicker than people who have been current with every version.
Shantanu Narayen: I think what we are seeing in that business, Steve, is that PDF as a format, and frankly, all document services just continue as things move from paper to electronic. PDF is a great format for that whether it's for archival, whether it's for information, dissemination. I think you're seeing all the major mobile platforms support PDF. So the core Acrobat business in terms of file dissemination continues to be very strong. The newer document services that we are providing as well continue to also see traction. And I would say specifically, the strength in the quarter, again, was good performance within enterprises, as enterprises standardize on Acrobat across all of their desktops in order to be able to reliably and frankly securely share information. We continue to be excited about the electronic signatures opportunity as we are getting up to close to 1 million contracts where people are touching this. We think that's a nice disruptive opportunity that plays into our strength, both with document services and reader proliferation. So good quarter there.
Shantanu Narayen: Sure. So Ross, first, as it relates to the Creative and the Acrobat business, enterprise has continuously grown as a percentage of the revenue that we get. And I think the investment that we've made in the field organization over the years has continued to pay off in terms of the strategic relationships that we're having with those customers. Increasingly, what we are finding is that as we go in and sell to the marketing departments, that serves as a great entrée for us to be able to ask them about their re-platforming efforts. And we're clearly seeing the demand for Day is coming from businesses wanting to move online, wanting a social presence, wanting to be able to deliver mobile applications and a need for commerce. And so we're clearly seeing the synergy, frankly, as we go into these enterprises between everything that we've delivered to them on the desktop and what we've delivered to them as part of our digital marketing solutions. We had some very, very significant multiproduct wins as well, where the combination of Day plus the Creative product line plus what we are doing with the Digital Marketing Suite. And that's exactly in line with the strategy that we laid out. As it relates to LiveCycle specifically, yes. I mean, in the government as we said, we continue to see good adoption within the government. And there was clearly the pipe that we have built up for LiveCycle. We did a successful job in closing that.
Shantanu Narayen: It is, Ross. I mean, once we announce the new product, in effect, the anticipation is now really building for the CS6 cycle, and so yes. Mark's comments were we haven't seen anything significant so we wanted to give you an update. But really, I think all eyes are on the next version.
Shantanu Narayen: Adam, I think every single quarter, we continue to drive demand. I would say actually, our demand generation activities have been more effective. Frankly, we're a big user of our own digital marketing products in terms of driving more visitors online and then converting them to paying customers. So I wouldn't attribute it frankly to one promotion. I would attribute it to a greater sense of efficiency that we are driving in terms of our marketing ROI. So I wouldn't point to one specifically that we think had a meaningful or material impact.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jay, I think as it relates to the enterprise digital marketing opportunity, we've said 25% growth in bookings is what we expect. We are clearly going to be introducing 3 or 4 new solutions that have great integration between the Day product lines and the digital marketing or the Omniture product line. So 25% bookings is what we are forecasting for fiscal 2012. The nice thing now about when you start to add up the Omniture business, what we are seeing with Day as we put Efficient Frontier into that mix, we think it's a really healthy business that's growing quite well for us, and a very differentiated offering given how all of those customers are also using our Creative products on the desktop. So excited about what we should do next year.
Shantanu Narayen: I think, Jay, what we said at the Analyst Meeting was that for year one, we'd expect to see a 10% increase in the number of seats. We have to get the offering out and continue to market frankly the benefits of the subscription. So what we had said was, as you pointed out, by 2015, 800,000 and 10% increase in the first year.
Shantanu Narayen: Well, Jay, I think, it's again important to remember that one of the things we've done to mitigate any risk that people think might exist in this is we will have both the perpetual offering in terms of at least people being able to acquire the perpetual software with the subscriptions. We certainly think directionally, that the subscription offering is where people will start to see more rapid innovation. It'll attract new customers. We modeled that for fiscal 2012. And frankly, as we roll this out, we'll give you more data, so it will help you model the business in 2013 and beyond.
Shantanu Narayen: Yes. Again, as I said, as we roll out the subscription offering, we think the individual customers will be the first to adopt it. Having the channel be partners in this rollout is definitely part of the strategy. We're starting to fill them in. And remember, we're not really pioneers here because there are other desktop companies that also have used -- utilized the channel frankly to sell the subscription. So we're focused on making sure that the offering is right. We've been working with these channel partners, and we're confident that when we roll it out, we will be able to leverage them just like we leveraged them on the desktop software. Well, thank you again for joining us on this call today. We think it was a great close to fiscal 2011. And we're really excited about the 2 growth opportunities and the big categories that we have in 2012.
Mark Garrett: Brad, it's Mark. The other thing I'd add to that is that we -- you probably saw we had a promotion to get people to upgrade to 5.5, so they're eligible to upgrade to 6, and that's been very successful as well, which will bode well for CS6 also.
Mark Garrett: Yes. For Q1, I think you should expect every segment would be sequentially down given the strength in Q4 and the seasonality that we saw in Q4. And as we move more and more into the enterprise, you're going to see us to be more seasonally like an enterprise company, which would be a sequential drop in the first quarter
Mark Garrett: Yes. I got to say, Brad, we had a phenomenal quarter in Europe. I mean, they really made up for a few quarters in the year that were a little lighter. They finished really strong. We had a good pipeline going into Q4. That was part of the guidance that we had laid out. And frankly, we probably did a little better than we even thought. So it was a very good quarter, great execution by the Europe team.
Mark Garrett: And Brent, just to clarify and make sure you got that, if the launch is still in Q2, the impact of the launch, though will be primarily a second half impact.
Mark Garrett: Yes. You just hit the nail on the head. Like I said throughout this year, we have changed the way manage the business. We manage the channel much tighter now, so you won't see backlog from us going forward and that holds true this quarter.
Mark Garrett: Sure, this is Mark. We continue to believe that the best way to return cash to shareholders is in the form of share buyback, and we're continuing to work our way down the authorization that we put in place a while ago. We only have about 300 million left on that actually. The reason the buyback is maybe a little bit more muted now is, as I've said in the past, we have a significant offshore cash balance. And I obviously can't use that to buy back stock. So we balanced the use of onshore cash between both M&A and share buyback. So when I have excess U.S. cash, it goes towards share buyback, but first comes M&A if you kind of go down the pecking order. And that's why it was a little bit lower this quarter. You saw that we bought Efficient Frontier, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks that, that was about a $400 million use of onshore cash. And yes, as we guide, we guide roughly flat on the share count. We don't guide towards any particular buyback because that's more opportunistic. As it relates to deferred, it's made up of 2 things. It's made up of primarily the Omniture deferred revenue balance because that is a SaaS business as you know, and it's also made up of enterprise maintenance. And those 2 things were the bigger drivers in the increase in deferred this quarter. The subscription side of the business doesn't kick in until really the second half of next year as we discussed.
Mark Garrett: Yes. So we haven't spent a lot of time on this walking you guys through it and we will. The margins will be lower than they will for a perpetual license product, but they'll clearly be much, much higher than a typical SaaS business. We're not really hosting the software in the cloud like other people are potentially doing with their software. As we discussed at Analyst Day, you're using the cloud to store and to share, but you're pulling the software down and running it on your desktop. So there's not a lot of incremental COGS like there would be in a typical SaaS business.
Mark Garrett: Yes, Mike. It's Mark. That's right. We expect about a $50 million drop in LiveCycle and Connect as a result of the changes that we announced at Analyst Day. And then that is a seasonally low quarter for enterprise, so it may not be that it drops every single quarter sequentially from there. But generally speaking, we had said $150 million comes out of next year's revenue for those changes.
Mark Garrett: I'd have to do that off-line with you. I don't have that number in front of me to be honest with you.
