Ajei S. Gopal: So, let me address – let me ask Maria to address the second part of the question first and then I'll come back to the first part.
Ajei S. Gopal: And as far as the drivers for the ACV growth are concerned, I think I addressed some of them in my comments in the script. Essentially, we saw strong performance across all of the geographies and we saw really good performance in the verticals, in the industries pretty much across all of them and I called out a few of them. And I think that's reflective of two things. One is there is tremendous market demand for the kinds of solutions and products that we offer our customers and obviously our customers think that we have terrific capabilities to bring to market as well. So, I think you put it all together. Great demand for our offerings, great technology, great capabilities, we were able to execute against that. And then as I finally said in my comments, the go-to-market that we introduced about a year ago is successful, we're seeing results and that's also contributed to our success this quarter.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, obviously, we can look at the overall pipeline that we have in our business and we have a pretty deep level of conversation with some of our customers. As I explained in the call, we have some amount of our revenue that comes from large customers and we're deeply engaged with them and we have a certain amount of the business which just drives through the more transactional channels that we have in the market. We are currently seeing a very strong pipeline, as you know, over three quarters of our business, I think 77% of our business comes through recurring revenue, so that is very stable. And we continue to see good demand for what we're doing. So with that high recurring revenue, the strong diversity across the geographies that I mentioned, the diversity across industries, the good technology, the multiple routes to market, we feel very confident in our business. We're not seeing any slowdown in the pace of customer interest, we're not seeing any slowdown in the sense of customer urgency. And in fact it's quite the contrary if you start to look at some of these broader conversations that we're having with customers, it's about how their business is going to get transformed. We're having conversations with automotive companies about helping them with ADAS and self-driving vehicles. And the market demands for those are so high, customers are investing in those areas. We're having conversations with customers about electrification and we're having success in that space, 5G, all of these are areas where customers continue to make investments. And with the breadth and the depth of our technology, we're addressing some of the most pressing problems in product design today. And so, we are very excited about our future.
Ajei S. Gopal: So to the second question about recruiting, obviously, we are looking for highly skilled individuals across a number of physics – a number of our areas of physics and we are investing across the board. And so, yes, it is competitive and obviously we feel like we have a great value proposition for our employees and it's driven by a number of things. One is we think we have really exciting products and we serve really exciting customers and I think that that's a factor that causes people to want to come here. We've also continued to build out academic relationships from the purposes of recruiting. We're a quality place to work. We're building the right level of relationships that we need. So, while we're continuing to be as Maria said a little bit behind the curve in terms of recruiting, we have been recruiting and we're excited about our opportunities to continue to be able to recruit in the future. And we're cranking up the engine as we go into next year. So that's the first piece of the question – the second part of the question. The first part of your question was around the verticals. And I think as I said in the comments, we see activity across all of the different verticals, I mentioned high-tech, you mentioned automotive in your question, we also mentioned – I mentioned high-tech in the comments. We've also had aerospace and defense, a fair amount of activity this quarter and we see that in our pipeline as well. So, I'm actually seeing a relatively broad industry split. And I don't see any particular area that we would look at and say hey, this is an area of concern.
Ajei S. Gopal: And just to amplify the comments that Maria just made and I talked a little bit about this in my comments as well. We're taking a thoughtful approach to go-to-market and for the larger accounts where we see more opportunity, we're investing more with those customers and that includes with certain customers doing a little bit of incremental services. And what that's translating to is, our opportunity to deliver broader-based solutions to these customers, which means larger deals, it means multi-physics deals and it means multi-year or deeper levels of engagements. So all of that drives customer activity, it drives the size of the opportunities and obviously it drives the annualized view of what the numbers look like and that's reflected in the ACV. So that's one piece of it. We've also made investments in our ACE organization this year and we continue to make investments in the ACE organization. And even though it is – there is a war for talent we've been successful in recruiting people. I think in the last quarter we grew our business by a net of 100 people, which is quite considerable given that we are relatively small company in terms of head count. So the engine is moving, we're able to bring people onboard and our field engineering organization is able to engage – our ACE organization is able to engage with customers at the right level and of course that helps our customers be successful but it also drives more business for us. And so there's a number of different dimensions that we've been driving and setting ourselves up for in the last year, essentially along the lines that we talked about in the go-to-market transformation messaging that we gave you guys a year ago at Investor Day. And what you're seeing right now in the results is the success of what we said we would do and obviously we see the momentum of this continuing as we move forward.
Ajei S. Gopal: I think, we will talk about our plans for next year and go through our head count plans for next year when we talk about next year's guidance in our – when we announce Q4, and so that will be in February I believe. So I think we'll go through more details on that. What I can say is that we made a conscious decision this year to bring on board incremental ACE resources significantly more than we had in previous years and we've made good progress towards doing that.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, let me address the question about automotive. As we've said I think pretty consistently over the last few quarters, maybe a year, some of the areas of investment in automotive have to do with ADAS, autonomous vehicles, electrification. Those are all the big areas where the OEMs are making, I would say significant levels of investments and it's not just the OEMs, it's the entire supply chain. If you think about the transformation this represents, it's people retooling to take advantage of different technologies, moving from an internal combustion engine to electric solution requires a significant change, starting to think about automotive, the testing that's involved, how you validate autonomous vehicles. All of those are significant changes from business as usual. And that's where the investment is taking place in the automotive industry. And frankly, all of that plays directly to our capabilities in our sweet spot. So, we feel very confident that the technologies and the solutions that we provide are in demand not only by the OEMs, but the entire automotive supply chain.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, I think the way you should think about these partnerships is that in each one of these – each one of them is different. And in the first year of the partnerships, we're really building out the product. So you should really expect relatively modest contribution as the partnership starts to get into high gear. As you well know, these kinds of relationships are multi-year relationships, and these are not quick wins that result in incremental revenue overnight, because you're talking about new products being brought to market, you're talking about training additional sales forces and so on and so forth. So I would just urge you to be – well, the way we think about these partnerships is that these are strategically important, but these are long-term activities. And as we think about our business, they represent an adjacent avenue for growth for us in the long term.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, couple of quick questions about – so the ordering of some of these adjacencies. Obviously, we have products in the market with respect to the Discovery family of products today. Again that's early. But I gave a couple of examples of customers and obviously our relationship with PTC as I described is based upon them bringing a product to market actually relatively soon. Jim Heppelmann, who is the CEO of PTC, has described the Discovery Live technology as being jaw-dropping. And I think that they're very excited about that as they bring the technology to market. So, I think that that's obviously something that we see happening in the shorter term. We did an acquisition of OPTIS earlier this year, and OPTIS gave us some really important technology with respect to optics, lidar, radar. And we also have now as a result of the OPTIS solution, we have a closed loop simulation environment that allows us to be successful we believe in the ADAS testing space to allow our customers to validate miles without having to physically drive miles but use testing – and use simulation as a way of being able to validate the functions of an autonomous vehicle. So that's another area where we've made investments. We talked about it last year. We've made investments and we're delivering product in the marketplace today. So I think those are some areas in the – as you think about digital twin, those represent a little bit further out, I would say than some of these other areas because digital twin is still, I would say, a number of customers are very excited about the technology, but it represents a longer term rollout because it requires a change in the way people think about how they're maintaining their equipment, the way they're managing their businesses, and so there's a – I would say, that that's a little bit longer term as we think about some of these adjacencies. And so, that perhaps gives you some context. To your second point about machine learning. Look, we believe that physics-based simulation and machine learning AI are very complementary. And we believe that our hybrid approach is quite viable and could be very valuable. And we've embraced and we've used machine learning methods and tools for quite some time, actually well before the current buzz around this area. And as with everything that we do, our objective is to make sure that we can advance the capabilities of the physics-based simulations that we bring to market. And so to give you a couple of examples, so our RedHawk-SC product, it's based on big data and machine learning techniques to enable rapid design iterations. And the whole idea is that using this technology, which combines machine learning and physics-based simulation, engineers can now make better design decisions than they could before. We're also making use of machine learning techniques, for example, in specific use cases – for example, we're looking – we're figuring out and inferring the optical properties of materials, where we're using machine learning in some of the ADAS scenario generation. So to be able to do automated testing for ADAS, you want to automatically generate the road scenarios, we're using machine learning to help do that. We're using machine learning to help design smart assistants to gauge HPC resource usage and so on. So we're very confident about where we're going. We think that AI machine learning techniques will complement what we're doing, and our traditional simulation technology, physics-based simulation and for our customers we think that means that they can just be more efficient and effective when designing their products.
Ajei S. Gopal: So, we're actually very pleased with the adoption of Discovery Live. We continue to see good customer traction. I gave you an example and there are a couple of kinds of customers who are looking at Discovery Live or – one is of course the larger customers where we've historically had some technology and they are looking at the use of Discovery by their design teams, and that leads to a subsequent purchase and then larger purchases down the road. And then the second area is we're seeing customers who have previously never used simulation before being able to use Discovery, because it's just so easy for them to use. So, I'm actually – I think we're pretty much on where we expected to be with respect to our internal milestones, both from a customer adoption perspective as well as from a product release perspective. And since the launch in February we've had two major product releases and we continued to add technology and capabilities to our products. So, I'm very excited about that. You asked to comment about competition, it's perhaps helpful to sort of just reflect on exactly what Discovery Live is. Discovery Live is fundamentally trailblazing technology and it sets the bar for a transformative user experience for design engineers. Now, we know that others see that – they recognize the same opportunity that we see. And this is an opportunity where ANSYS can fundamentally change product design by democratizing simulation. And while we see competitors incrementally improving existing tools and technologies either by organic activities or through acquisitions, we have yet to see frankly anything as transformative as Discovery Live. We believe Discovery Live is in a class of its own. And I referenced some of the comments from PTC for example earlier on this. You've got to realize that Discovery Live builds on a whole new solver architecture that's based on GPUs. It's essentially orders of magnitude faster than traditional 3D method. And it supports multiple physics and multi-physics simulation, and that gives design engineers the intuitive insight that they're expecting. I mean, it essentially makes simulation as easy as a video game for a designer. So we don't – we are excited by the technology, we don't see – we think the bar is very high and we're not seeing anything else in the marketplace that's like it right now. Now I am really excited about the portfolio that we have. With Discovery Live, we've got speed; we've got interactivity with our flagship solvers. There's an enormous breadth and depth and accuracy. Taken together, our portfolio frankly is simply unrivaled in the industry today.
Ajei S. Gopal: I think the comment that you made about working with resellers, we have a pretty broad strategy for our reseller community around the world. And we're essentially looking to in key areas – and for key coverage areas, we're looking to bring resellers on board who are familiar with simulation, who understand what we do and are in a position to broaden our go-to-market. And the two – and the examples that I gave in my prepared remarks were examples of companies that have been able to satisfy those metrics and are able to help us, and of course we can help them with great product and great capabilities. As far as Discovery Live is concerned, we believe that it's a simulation, it's a simulation solution. Discovery Live is not a CAD offering. It's CAD agnostic. We're not a CAD offering. The guys that do CAD do a number of things that Discovery Live has no intention whatsoever of doing. Discovery Live is a simulation solution and it works with CAD. It adds to CAD a completely different dimension. And that's why customers are excited about it.
Ajei S. Gopal: Thanks so much, Andrew. So I continue to be extremely pleased with our performance – our outstanding performance through the year and the progress that we're making towards those strategic initiatives. Our pervasive simulation strategy is resonating with customers and our broad go-to-market changes are yielding results. We continue to strengthen our core products and we are making the right investments in next generation offerings. And in conclusion, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners and as always a shout out to my ANSYS colleagues, thank you all so much for your efforts and thank you for another exceptional quarter. Thank you all for joining the call today. I look forward to our next discussion. Please enjoy the rest of your day.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah, so, Ken, I think if you take a look, we've gotten away from disclosing bookings because of the volatility that ASC 606 introduces. But the short answer is, if you take a look at last year's Q3, when we announced at that time the largest deal in the company's history, that drove bookings to a 38% growth, which it should come as no surprise that because those multiyear deals are going to have a tendency to fall in different quarters, that can drive the volatility in the bookings number. And that's why we've been communicating that we think it's better for people to focus on ACV as a leading indicator of the health of the business and how we're doing against our sales performance.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, I would say for the quarter, as I said in my prepared remarks, it was really two things. One, the reality is the summer season and a third of our business comes out of EMEA, which tends to have a – even extended time off period, which caused delays in primarily hiring, which is about 70% of our spend today. So, the combination of the summer season as well as the unique talent that we're looking for, whether it's in R&D or field engineering in particular, which are two areas that we are disproportionately targeting to hire into, it is a bit more challenging than say three or four years ago. So, we will continue to aggressively hire so that we can position ourselves well as we head into 2019 given all the opportunities that we see ahead of us.
Maria T. Shields: So, I would say the same factors that are impacting ACV growth this year, we expect to continue into next year. So at the top of the funnel we will continue to see progress relative to our enterprise and strategic accounts as they continue to expand usage, adopt new users, we think Discovery Live as we continue to see broader adoption of that product in our enterprise accounts will drive ACV growth. And in the momentum and territory accounts, we're seeing good progress as well and our channel is very strong and delivering good new business growth. So I would say the same factors that we're seeing driving double digit ACV growth this year. We will expect as we enter into 2019 and we'll talk about more of that in February when we get deeper into our guidance and outlook around 2019.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. And on the South Korea question, as we mentioned on the last call, we've been working relative to changes in the go-to-market and working through account assignments because we do have a hybrid model in South Korea. And so as you can imagine working through go-to-market changes don't happen in one quarter, but we are confident based on what we're seeing relative to the pipeline and the progress around those that transformation that we will continue to see positive results in Q4, and as we enter 2019 as those go-to-market and account assignments are completed.
Maria T. Shields: Relative to duration, Ross, no, there's been no change in duration. What I'd say is on the ASC 606 front, as we've been saying all year that the multi-year lease deals, particularly in the larger accounts, are heavily skewed to Q4, mostly around customers, yearend spending and budgeting and planning activities. So the disparity between ASC 605 and ASC 606 is largely driven by the difference in revenue recognition, as well as the timing of the larger deals that drives some of the volatility depending on the timing of when they close under ASC 606.
