Maria Shields: So Ken, I'll take the first part of the question relative to the seasonality for 2019, as I had said on the last call, we see 2019, very similar to 2018. Back-end loaded and a lot of the large multiyear transactions are in the Q4 queue right now. So everything is going as we had mapped it out and it's just a lot of those larger deals aligned with customer yearend budgeting and spend. And so they're just aligned with a larger second half.
Maria Shields: Okay. So Jay, I'll start on the hiring. Yes. As you heard in the prepared remarks, we had planned and we are still planning for roughly 300 net new, not including the impact of Granta and Helic. That being said, as you heard in my earlier comments, the two acquisitions in the first quarter, as you can imagine, slowed some of the original plan down. But we did add net about 130 additional employees onto the ANSYS roster in addition to the 200 plus from Granta and Helic and it is our anticipation that over the remainder of the year that we will see organic hiring increase over the pace of the year and that's what's built into our guidance for the remaining quarters.
Maria Shields: So Ken relative to ACV, basically it is organic. There was only about $3 to $4 million from the acquisitions to ACV. So the majority of the ACV growth is from the organic business. And with respect to 2020, we have not changed our outlook on 2020 from what we said in Investor Day relative to, we are still targeting double-digit growth and industry-leading margins in the 43% to 45% range.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So let's start with respect to the year ago quarter. If you recall, that was a quarter in which we did announce at that point in time, the largest deal in the company's history and ACV would have been a-third last year, a-third in Q1 this year. And then, and then a-third next year at the 3-year anniversary of that deal, so a-third of the deal went into this quarter's ACV result. As you know, we moved away, Steve, from bookings just because it's a much more volatile metric then ACV. But there should be no difference between bookings under 606 or 605.
Maria Shields: Yeah, I would say, as I said in my earlier commentary Jason; one, the performance in Q1 and the strength of the pipeline and the deals that we're seeing that the teams are working on. So we see a lot of interest from our customers, particularly in some of the key areas that Ajei mentioned in his commentary. And we don't see that slowing down. So we are excited about the opportunity we see ahead for 2019 and we're going to spend all of our time focusing on executing and delivering.
Maria Shields: Yeah. So, Saket. I think in our comments you picked up the unique disparity that comes from 606. And the reality is under 606 our results are going to be very impacted by the size, the duration and the timing of those multi-year lease deals. This is the first quarter where you can actually see a comp under ASC 606 for both Q1 of 2018 and 2019 and going forward depending on where those deals land, you'll see some disparity between the growth rate in revenue and the growth rate in ACV. They won't always be moving in the same direction. There will be periods where ACV will outpace revenue growth. So I wish I could explain with certainty, how it's all going to roll out, but I think the most important thing that we've been communicating is the focus on the annual results will be much more meaningful than the volatility that you'll see in the quarters, Q1 being a perfect example.
Maria Shields: Surely. There's been no change in duration and typically two to three years, some of the larger deals tend to be three years and some of the, at the strategic tend to be two years, but there has been no significant change in the go-to-market or duration.
Maria Shields: Yes, Jason. It is exactly what you mentioned it was - if you recall last year EMEA grew in double digits, it's just the timing of some large deals that were in Q1 of last year that did not repeat this year. So we are very excited about our EMEA business and our EMEA team.
Ajei Gopal: And then with respect to the PTC partnership, we are very excited about the PTC partnership. I think it's going well. We announced the partnership, as you know, in June of 2018. And they released Creo Simulation Live, which is Creo embedded with ANSYS technology in Q1. And they've created essentially a solution that adds simulations into the CAD environment. And so engineers can see the real-time results of simulation in the CAD environment that allows them to make the kind of trade-off and design changes, they need to early in the design process. Based on what they said during their investor call they've closed 70 CSL deals in Q1, essentially across all geographies, industry verticals, both direct and indirect and they've built a promising pipeline for future quarters. And we're excited about the option pattern, and that's consistent with what we've seen which is customers will use the technology and then start to broaden. They've also announced that they're going to be back porting CSL to Creo 4, which is essentially where a larger portion of their installed base, primarily their enterprise customers are, and that will allow them to benefit from upfront simulation. So I think it's going well. We're excited about that and the relationship is strong.
Ajei Gopal: And Jay, just to briefly touch on generative design. We are very excited about the direction that the industry is taking in generated design. We think that's an opportunity for us to increase the penetration of simulation into the marketplace, because as you think about generative design, the improvement of a design continues to require rapid iterations and simulation. And so where historically simulation might have been someone, an individual creating a design and then subsequently validating it in the world of generative design. And frankly in the world that we're talking about, where more people are creating technology and creating products, the opportunity for simulation to provide that rapid feedback to both human beings as well as provide guidance as you start to think about a generative kind of solution, it makes sense. It drives the use of simulation. So we're very excited about our position in the marketplace, we think that generative will be another driver of the use of simulation and then you think that's completely consistent with the product strategy that we are driving. What we doing and things like SPDM allow us to continue to manage the huge amounts of simulations data that's being generated. Obviously, with generative design there will be more simulation data. So this is completely consistent with the direction that we're going and frankly we're very excited about it.
Ajei Gopal: So we certainly are excited about the PTC partnership. They have been good partners and we continue to support them. The opportunity that we see obviously is for designers to be able to take advantage of simulation, not just experienced analysts or designers to take advantage of simulation and frankly we believe in an open ecosystem. So no matter which CAD solution someone's using, we're perfectly content and delighted for those customers to take advantage of the CAD capability from any vendor and to take advantage of ANSYS simulation. But obviously with PTC, we have a tighter relationship with PTC's OEM-ing our technology and integrating it directly into Creo.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. So the strategy that we've articulated is one where simulation becomes pervasive throughout the product lifecycle. And what we mean by that is that anyplace where a product is being touched, whether it's in the inception phase, whether people are thinking about a product in the ideation phase, whether it's the deep design, whether it's manufacturing and things like additive manufacturing, whether its operations, whether it's in the product itself. We believe that simulation can play a role. Because frankly an understanding of the physics of the product and understanding of how the product could operate or will operate or is operating is very important for customer value and customer benefits. So we see simulation as playing this much deeper role across the product life cycle. Now historically, we've been in a particular part of that product lifecycle, which has been in the tail end of the design process for validation or for sign off and increasingly as you see from the strategy that we've been pursuing, it's to make simulation available in multiple places. Now the way we doing that is obviously we have our own go-to-market, but we're also looking at those areas where others have a very strong presence and we're integrating our technology into others who have a strong presence on a particular workflow and that's one of the reasons why when you think about the EDA space for example, we are partnering with Synopsys, where Synopsys is taking our technology and integrating it into their products as part of the workflow. We're partnering with PTC it because they have a presence in the CAD space, we're partnering with SAP as you start to think about operations. And so the way you should think about our partnering strategy, it's driven by the ability to work with industry leaders who are in their space, who are key providers of a workflow or a capability at some point in the product life cycle. And since we have an open strategy, our intention is to be able to integrate with their workflows and let our simulation capabilities to be present in their product offering, in their solution offering and obviously they're taking it to market through their channels, through their re-sellers and so forth. So we see this as a win for ANSYS and that's a strategy that we've been pursuing and that's the strategy we will continue to pursue.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So when I came on board and certainly Rick came on board shortly after I did, our focus was on looking at the go-to market to try to figure out how we could optimize the go-to-market. And the model that we were dealing with earlier was I would see a more - it was a model that was relevant for an earlier time in the ANSYS lifecycle and was more of a one-size-fits-all in terms of how we address the market opportunity. Today what we have is a more differentiated go-to-market, where we take advantage of a direct sales force to go after the large deals and the larger territory deals. And we've done some channel, to be able to have the channel focus on more of the volume business. And then of course we also have some inside sales activities. And so there has been a pretty significant, as you point out, change in our go-to-market, which has allowed us to continue to grow our business across a number of different dimensions. We've also continued to make investments in our ACE organization or our technical sales organization and that's of course helped overall. And our channel partners, have also continued to blossom. We've brought more channel partners on board and they've continued to bring on more ACE capacity or technical capacity as well, to be able to support customers. So that's the journey that we've been on, that's a journey that obviously is an ongoing journey. We continue to make refinements to that model and we will continue to continue to do that this year through next year and beyond. But the basic bones that we've talked about, have been put in place and now we're starting to think about how we would optimize within that structure, in some cases, does it make sense to have some particular vertical focus in certain areas and those are the kinds of questions that we're exploring. But again, we have a very enviable business model with within ANSYS and that's on the back of the kinds of products and capabilities that we have and the customer relationships that we've been able to maintain and that's something that we hold very dear to us and so our go-to market model and the changes that we make will support that and we're not planning on doing anything to disrupt our go-to-market capabilities.
Ajei Gopal: And if I can just add to what Maria said, she is absolutely correct. I mean if you start to spend time with our field organization. I spent a fair amount of time out in the field with customers as well and with the organization, you get a sense of the strength of the pipeline and obviously we are very excited about the capabilities that we can provide. I've talked about some of them in my script. I mean we have conversations with companies where we talk about things like say autonomy electrification for example in the auto industry. Those are conversations, which are much deeper and broader than conversations that we may have had with similar companies in the past. Similarly in the electronics space that I talked about in my remarks earlier and other industries and that's because of the capabilities that we're able to provide is because of where the industries are right now and because of the nature of solutions that we can point to. So the pipeline is looking strong. We're excited about where we are. This is always a back-end loaded year as we had indicated earlier, there's a lot of activity in Q3 and Q4. But we are confident that we have visibility into that. And we understand how to land our business. So we're excited about the year.
Ajei Gopal: I think the answer was - I think it was a yes to answer all your questions. So yes, there was, those were in the quarter. Those were multi-year deals. And yes, there was some impact of partner activity in our indirect number.
Ajei Gopal: It's a hard question to answer in terms of exact predictions of what's going to happen. There clearly is value proposition for smaller customers who don't have an investment in the data center to take advantage of, sort of, the native HPC capability that we're making available through ANSYS cloud, native to the cloud. So with the ANSYS cloud solution that we've just released, most recently in Q1, we have an offering that essentially has the following capabilities that I think are really important to your question. The first is that it allows for high performance. It's essentially building on the investments that we've made in HPC and we are providing a compute optimize cloud infrastructure that's configured and optimized for ANSYS solvers and so essentially, any customer can take advantage of ANSYS solutions at scale than in the public cloud, because of the work that we've done. And then the second piece that makes it important is that the ANSYS Cloud is accessible from within ANSYS products and so someone can be sitting there at a screen working with an ANSYS product and then immediately take advantage of the cloud. So it's completely seamless. And of course since we are running on the back end on Microsoft Azure, in this case, it gives global access and best-in-class security. So we've made essentially the experience of using cloud drop-dead simple and it's as easy as it needs to be. And of course with the on-demand licensing that we can provide, the pay-per-use licensing that gives them. That's a third way to complement traditional leases and paid up and that give them flexibility of usage, so given the performance, given the access given the flexibility that we have with our ANSYS Cloud offerings. We would expect the opportunity for customers - for customers to seize the opportunity both large as well as small, small customers who don't necessarily have any infrastructure. Obviously, they'll be excited and interested in that. But equally large customers for project-oriented work when back-end HPC resources aren't available. We've seen interest from large customers as well. So we expect both of those to continue. I couldn't tell you where demand is going to be higher or lower, but we certainly see demand across both of those segments for the reasons that I've mentioned.
Ajei Gopal: Thank you, operator. Given the strength of our Q1, our robust pipeline of direct channel and partner-driven deals and our partner leadership across physics, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our goals and objectives. ANSYS is well positioned to broaden our market opportunity and to extend our leadership in both the near-term as well as in the long term. That confidence is made possible due to the tireless work of customers, partners and of course my ANSYS colleagues. Thank you all for your efforts. And thank you for another exceptional quarter. Thank you everyone for joining the call today. I look forward to the next call. Enjoy the rest of your day.
