Ajei Gopal: Sure. Ken. So let me briefly talk about aerospace. Our aerospace customers are facing relatively complex challenges, and it's pretty broad-based. And so when you think about some of our business -- we have customers who are focusing on aircraft engines. And obviously, there are a number of trends in that space, whether it comes to lightweighting and energy efficiency, in some cases, electric engines, different fuel sources, so there's a number of different levels of innovation taking place at various points in the AMB aerospace industry. Obviously, in the Space 2.0 world, there are -- there continues to be a lot of innovation and both in larger companies as well as smaller companies.  And then, of course, you've seen some of the work that we've done with significant projects like the web telescope and the dark mission where our project where our technologies were used in the development of those projects. So there's a lot of different activity across the space in this entire aerospace and defense world for us. And I believe that the demand for our offerings continues to be robust, and we see a pipeline in that space as well.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, so firstly, when you think about our technical priorities will be areas that we're making investments in our business, I would say that probably 5 broad areas where we're making technological investments. The first I would broadly categorize as numerics and that includes physics models and methods for both the physics and multiphysics. That's just the core physics part of what we do. The second area is in AI machine learning where we're making significant investments across the portfolio.  Our customers today are seeing the benefits of ANSYS products that have been enhanced through AI. We've, of course, filed patents to cover some of our work in the space, and we continue to make significant investments in AI and getting our customers to be able to take advantage of this great technology in the context of our offerings. The third area is high-performance computing. That obviously includes -- that obviously includes both HBC as well as CPUs, GPUs and so for example, if you look at R1, we just announced some really exciting work on [indiscernible] for example, our optical solver where we can show that a single GPU is something like 8x faster than the 32 core CPU machine.  And then, of course, we're very excited about a fluent multi-GPU solver which allows fluid simulations to run natively on multiple GPUs, and that is a game changer in terms of performance, and we can show tremendous orders of magnitude scale up and in terms of both performance as well as, of course, cost savings when it comes to things like energy usage and others. So we are very excited about the work that we've done in the GPU space, and we continue to make investments over there.  Cloud and experience is the fourth area. That includes the work that we're doing in cloud. You may have seen some recent announcements where we're -- we've announced some of our cloud technology in the context of our cloud marketplace offerings, and we continue to invest in cloud native capabilities as well as user experience. And the last area is in digital engineering, and that includes things like digital twins, mission, system simulation and there, we continue to make advances.  And you saw, obviously, some of the capabilities of our product lines on the space. Unintended when you -- when we talked about James Webb as well as the dark mission, but certainly, we have ongoing investments in that space as well, and that includes things like NBFC. So broadly, there are 5 areas: numerics, AI, ML, high-performance computing, cloud and experience and digital engineering and these are the areas that are driving our next-generation activities.
Ajei Gopal: Yes, it does. Thank you for the question. Look, the way you should think about it is, from an ANSYS perspective, we're really agnostic as to where someone might be able to run our solutions. I mean we want -- I mean, one of the primary uses of cloud today is for high-performance computing applications. And so we know that we have customers who are taking advantage of the licenses that we make available to them and they're using them in the public cloud. And really, from our perspective, we want people to have the flexibility to be able to use to be whatever environment where they have compute available. Obviously, as time goes on, there is a clear trend even in the largest organizations, which have invested in data centers there is a clear trend towards taking advantage of public cloud.  And obviously, as the public cloud vendors are continuing to invest in scientific computing capabilities, where the nodes that are available have the requisite needs for scientific computing, that's also driving incremental usage. So it is clearly an ongoing it is clearly an ongoing direction and something that we expect to see happen. From our strategy, I mean, look, we are very excited about the public cloud being used from our strategy perspective, we have, as you know, 2 distinct kinds of cloud offerings, what we call cloud marketplace and what we call cloud native and this combination of marketplace and native takes full advantage of everything that we previously talked about as well as some of the newly developed and announced cloud capabilities.  The marketplace offerings are really about delivering flexibility to our existing customer base. So it's really giving customers, as I said earlier, giving them the option to maintain the same patterns that they employ today, taking advantage of familiar ANSYS products while leveraging the benefit of cloud computing and their own pre-existing relationships with cloud service providers. And so you mentioned the ANSYS Gateway with AWS, which we released in Q4 of last year. You talked about the announcement we made in February of this year where we extended our Microsoft partnership in the Agile marketplace offering. So there's a number of activities in that space.  On the cloud native space, we're targeting new users and new use cases, and that's really a cloud-based platform for the development and deployment of new workflows and applications. And as if you remember back at our Investor Day, we talked about a new area of verticalized simulation applications where the power of simulation gets extended far beyond its current user base to, frankly, anyone who needs predictive analytics.  And so we have initiatives and R&D efforts underway in that space. And it's still very early days, but you should stay tuned for more progress as we continue to move this exciting technology for the rollout.
Ajei Gopal: Sure. I mean, look, the automotive business is one of our top 3 industries, as you know, top 3 verticals as we define it, growth high tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense and automotive and ground transportation. And it continues to be a strong area. And we've got deep relationships with our automotive customers as they continue to face these complex challenges with their products. And there's a number of things -- there's a number of areas where they're continuing to innovate. Firstly, obviously, if you think about passenger cars for a moment, there is clearly a direction towards fuel efficiency and so on in more traditional cars in the traditional internal combustion engine and that deals with lightweighting, et cetera, crash testing, those are across all of the product lines.  But as you start to think about the next-generation electrification alternative energies, those are all important themes where customers are investing and making investments for the long term. Battery technology. And I hope me mention an example of some of the work that we're doing there with impact analysis with the -- in my script earlier. So there's a lot of work in multiple areas taking place that are supporting the automotive customers I would just point out, by the way, that as we think about the work that takes place, for example, with electrification in the automotive industry, the work that leads to that includes the entire supply chain and then may be suppliers who are in our high-tech vertical or building very high-tech components that are then being used in the automotive space.  And so if you start to look at the entire supply chain, the impact of automotive is very large across the industry as they're looking at all of these different areas. Now the breadth of our technology and the breadth of the portfolio I mean it's so large that we are able to help our customers as they are looking at all of these different issues. Sustainability is another example. And that's why I think you're seeing strength in these industries, the sophisticated industries, which require these -- which are going through these transformations, we are able to help our customers navigate through these next-generation [indiscernible] that they're facing or trends of the dealing with the market.
Ajei Gopal: Once again, I am excited by the excellent progress ANSYS made in 2022. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. The team's work our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us even greater confidence in our ability to execute against long-term goals. Thank you again for joining today's call, and have a great day.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Well, thanks, Ken. And yes, we were really, really pleased with the exceptional close of our cash flow performance at the end of the year, as you point out, it grew quite substantially delevered operating cash flow in 2022 in our outlook range of 10% to 17% unlevered operating cash flow indicates continued momentum in the business overall.  As you know, I mean, we gave long-term guidance in August. We're not prepared to update the long-term guidance. But when you look at the combined -- the 2-year growth rate of 2022 and 2023 from the ECB perspective, and the comparative unlevered operating cash flow growth rate over that period, you could see the substantial operating leverage and margin expansion associated with that it's a little early for us to update long-term guidance we just gave it 6 months ago. But what I can say is -- and there's a lot of exogenous factors that impacted unlevered operating cash flow number as you know, foreign exchange had a pretty meaningful impact to that last year.  As an example, we're still not quite out of the woods as it relates to that so not really prepared to give anything longer term than 2023 today, but we feel really good about the underlying strength of the operational momentum of the business. We have a very disciplined investment model around putting investment in, that drives incremental growth. And those are things that we -- that we expect to be able to continue to build on over the next couple of years.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, sure. So maybe just kind of level set on what the makeup of 2022 was in 2023, we can talk about the long term. So as we previously mentioned, the inorganic contribution from ZMAX last year, we had said it was about $20 million. And that, as you point out, contributed around a point of growth to the overall performance last year. As we look into 2023, we completed 2 acquisitions at the end of the quarter after our earnings announcement. were the most notable were 2 that completed at that time. Just some context of those is a product we were the primary reseller for already.  And it's also a pretty small product line so it doesn't have a very material run rate to the business. And although we already had a relationship with we expect the inorganic contribution from that transaction to be around EUR 30 million to EUR 35 million of ACV in revenue. So with just under half of that in Q1. So there's a pretty different SKUs to that business relative to ours. So that would put us around the 10% constant currency growth in ACV when you exclude Dyna more our full year outlook which is on our business model of double-digit growth, including ACV.  As it relates to the long-term view of ACV and how we see it, I mean, we there isn't a perspective in particular around what happened in 2022 and how that would change the outlook in the future are out, we still remain confident in the 12% compounded annual growth rate through the course of that time. And certainly, as trends in the business change and the underlying -- anything that foundationally would shift that growth objective, we would certainly update our long-term guidance at that time.  But right now, we're really pleased with what we delivered in 2022 and we're building -- we have a really strong outlook for 2023 on top of a really strong performance in 2022, and we're really pleased to continue to be on that model that we set out in.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean as we said in our prepared remarks, and I think we've said that throughout last year, the underlying drivers of growth in 2022 was very broad-based across customer geographies industries and the outlook considers very similar broad-based. There's no individual customer concentration. There is one element to Q1 guidance, and I had think I briefly mentioned this in the first part of my answer to you on M&A -- on the M&A impact. does have a slightly different SKUs to their business. There's just under half of the business that actually happens -- and so a little bit more than half -- a little bit less than -- or bit less than half of the business in Q1. So there is a little bit of a dynamic around Dynamar that is earlier on in the year relative to the future periods in the year that we have a slightly different pattern than maybe some of the more kind of smaller impacts on a quarterly basis that you see of some of the other M&A that we've done in the past.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And Jay, to answer your question on kind of connection to customer demand, I think the way that you could think about it, if you look at these if you kind of refer to the trends that Ajei just referred to as well as the underlying kind of performance in our industry mix. I mean much of what's driving that demand are the complex multi-business use cases and the trends that are driving investment in those areas, right? So we talked about double-digit growth -- double-digit growth in automotive in Q4 as an example, and the things that are driving those trends are really around the next generation of vehicles and technology that are connected to things like electrification, sustainability, those types of things.  As you know, those are not a single component level. Single [indiscernible] problem, which are falling to that traditional use case, they are complex multiphysics forms that involve both component level all the way to the system and systems of system level particularly in cases like space 2.0 alerting. And so what we are seeing is more and more of that strategic selling motion becoming the main focus of -- or the main motion of how we engage our customers and be solving those higher order complex problems, which makes us a very important partner regardless of what kind of economic times, people may be having -- we help sell those very difficult problems known can help sell.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, absolutely. I mean it is the variability within the timing of things in the quarters can create some ups and downs throughout the year. But the overall outlook, which we think is quite strong out of the gate is really a reflection of broad-based demand, as you point out.
Nicole Anasenes: Cash flow, so we do not give quarterly cash flow guidance because the dynamics around cash flow within a quarter because change because of timing of payments that fall over date lines -- or timing of collections that could sell over datelines quite easily and make really meaningful differences. But for modeling purposes, I think you can assume that a meaningful portion of the cash flow occurs in Q1, particularly off of a strong Q4.  And Q1 and Q4 tend to be the largest cash flow quarters. The middle 2 quarters tend to be a little bit more muted with Q2 being probably the lower water mark.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. Thanks, Saket. So as you point out, in almost every acquisition we do is dilutive to actual margin. So there is no accretion for margin that occurs with some or any individual acquisition we have. Now as it relates to cash flow, Cash flow is also relatively more muted in the first year. I mean, sometimes you can have some slight positive impacts cash flow. But as you know, there's meaningful year one expenses associated with integration and those types of things, which are normal operating cash outflows. And so as it relates to the most significant kind of individual contributor to the overall portfolio would be the example. That did have some contribution to the underlying cash flow guide, but it's really modest relative to what it might be on an ongoing basis.
Nicole Anasenes: Thanks, Tyler. So what I would say is, yes, that the operating -- we have very strong operating leverage in the business because we have relatively low variable costs and so that's why you can definitely see as we continue to accelerate growth, the operating leverage in the business. Now it comes down to what do you do with that incremental growth? And how do you reinvest it and I would say that we have a tremendous amount of operational discipline around decision-making around investments that is not new to ANSYS. It is kind of embedded in how we make decisions and how we prioritize where we put investments with an eye towards how do we get return with a balance on what is helping us for the short term and how are we making sure that we're prudently investing for the long term.  And so that strategy has served us well. It has allowed us to continue to invest in the business as things -- as things are good and make sure we can accelerate our road map. It also helps us understand how we need to monitor things over time. And so there's nothing quite new and an always-on basis, we're always reevaluating our processes and looking at have a pretty robust enterprise-wide transformation process around how do we remove the unnecessary work in the way that we support the business.  And again, that's not new to influence the outlook, but it is the reason why we can stay the course on the strategy that we have because we've always been operationally disciplined. So even when there's times with uncertainty, we're confident that we have the maneuverability to execute.
