Maria T. Shields: Yeah. I'll take that. When you take a look at the duration of either current or long-term deferred, it's largely in line with Q3 and with Q4 of last year. So no real changes in contract duration.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So, Saket, relative to ACV, we don't expect material contribution to ACV from 3DSIM. So immaterial for 2018 on both the top line as well as the ACV. Relative to our expectations for perpetuals, right now we're assuming that the 2018 model is similar to 2017, relative to the proportion of perpetuals. We aren't seeing any significant deviations away from 2017 in our 2018 outlook at this time.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. So relative to perpetual, I would just say it's the end of the year. The customer spend environment is very positive. And particularly, you heard some of the performance in the channel and Asia tends to be perpetual. So I just think those combination of factors all contributed to a very strong close. And perpetuals are still in certain parts of the world and in certain segments of our customers the preferred licensing model. And with respect to the second part of the question, I apologize. Oh, large deal pipeline. I would say, following on Ajei's commentary about the enterprise team, we are seeing more activity. We've identified more accounts. We've taken some of the technical resources and specifically tied them to some of those key accounts. The pipeline is stronger. It is certainly stronger than it was a year ago at this time. And all of the initiatives and the efforts around that segmentation, we're confident will continue to yield results in 2018 and, more importantly, set the stage for us continuing to grow the ACV so that we can accomplish our 2020 targets.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah. And the only additional commentary I'll add is, as a follow on to some of the comments that Ajei spoke to, is why the channel, which currently is about 25% of our revenue today, is so important. Because from a go-to-market for those smaller deals that are perhaps single physics, and that's where they begin, that is a much more cost efficient go-to market for us, so that we can focus on some of those longer, more established customer relationships, while the channel is doing more of the early hunting and farming. And so that balance of direct and the indirect is what enables us to really capture more of the market share than we could on our own, as well as some of the initiatives that we've been investing in and talking about that are early relative to inside sales, particularly for products like Discovery Live that lend themselves to inside sales. So all of those are important parts of our go-to market and that we will continue to invest in and refine.
Maria T. Shields: Yeah, Monika, as I said in my commentary, we're guiding under [ASC] 605, 6% to 9% constant currency growth rate as we head into 2018 for the full year.
Maria T. Shields: Yes. So, Steve, essentially we're looking at the full here, and it's February right now. So the way that we've mapped out, based on our current visibility, based on our current pipeline, is Q1 is no doubt the slowest revenue growth quarter of the year. And when we look at particularly some of those larger deals, they are right now largely scheduled in the second half of the year. So just because of timing of those larger deals, that's kind of what's driving the guidance right now. Relative to the margin. In line with what we communicated at Investor Day, we're going to continue to try to trade off top line growth for some reduction in the margin that enables us to invest. Because right now we see this incredible opportunity. And we don't want to put the long-term health of the business at risk just to drive short-term margin. So we feel very good about our ability to trade off investment in the business to drive top line growth, so that we can get to 2020 and get to sustainable double digit growth. And an important part of being able to get to that is to get to that double digit ACV, which is really the foundation that will drive double digit sustainable revenue growth by 2020.
Maria T. Shields: No. I would say probably the commentary relative to Q4 and even throughout 2017 is the variable cost that's driven by sales commissions. And the reality is, is we had a record year. And our sales teams as well as the variable costs related to our employees, because when we do well, we share with our employees in the form of bonuses. And so the variable compensation element for all the employees was greater than it was say in 2016, where we finished at 4.9% constant currency growth and as you can imagine, below our plan.
Ajei S. Gopal: Sure. So as Maria mentioned in her comments, one of the areas where we are planning on investing this year is to continue to ramp up our ACE resources, or our technical sales resources. So that's the activity that we have planned for this year. We got a little bit of a head start on that as well in Q4, as Maria mentioned in the comments. So we have a good pipeline of people. And we're seeing some really good quality candidates. And as you can see from some of the comments that I made as well, the strategy of being – of increasing our – the number of technical salespeople we have is paying off. It's helping us to drive some deeper relationships with our customers. And that allows us obviously at the end of the day to create a situation where we can broaden the usage of ANSYS technologies within the customers. And we can monetize the relationship on an ongoing basis at a deeper level than we've been able to in the past.
Ajei S. Gopal: So let me try to quickly address some of those questions, Jay. As far as the end markets are concerned, there's some major trends right now taking place that I think are inexorable, which is – one of which is the electronification if you will of the world. And we're seeing products get smarter, green products. This is not uniquely a trend that's related to the electronics industry. It is essentially the broad-based electronification across a number of different product areas and a number of different industry verticals. So that remains a broad-based tailwind I think that helps us, given the nature of our portfolio. We're also frankly seeing strength in a number of the other end markets. I mentioned for example, energy in Europe. For example, we saw in renewable energy a number of large deals as well come down in Q4. So while there may be quarter-over-quarter variations from one market to the other, generally speaking, I think these broad-based trends that we see, Multiphysics, electronification, et cetera, apply across a number of the industries that we participate in. So we feel like we're immunized from these minor variations from quarter to quarter. That's number one. As far as other areas, you're right to say that the digital exploration was Discovery Live. And as I mentioned, we now have Discovery Live, the product now available commercially. And it just came out a few days ago. And obviously I mentioned 3DSIM, the acquisition. And that includes – our solution for additive manufacturing will include not just the work that came from the 3DSIM team, which was fantastic, but it's also the integration into our overall portfolio, where we have an end-to-end workflow that goes all the way from design to manufacturing. And we believe that that's an incredibly compelling value proposition to a number of different end users. So we're excited about that. I also mentioned in my comments some work that we're doing with – in the autonomous space. And we're excited about the opportunity there, specifically – or in particular because we can take both a sensor-oriented view as well as a systems-oriented view towards the autonomous vehicles and the development of those. So I think that's exciting. Another area that we're seeing – where there continues to be traction and a lot of interest is digital twin. And in that case, what you're seeing with digital twin is really the opportunity to try to optimize on maintenance downtime or field optimization of products. And more and more industries are finding this to be an interesting concept and are now starting to participate in that. And we're seeing more demand from customers around understanding what's involved in creating digital twins. So I think those were the questions. And I think you mentioned – you talked about prioritization of R&D as well. And absolutely. I mean as we discussed with our broad-based allocation at Investor Day, we have a certain amount that we set aside for some of these advanced initiatives. And we continue to develop some of what I've talked about already and other things in our labs. And we can obviously talk more about next generation products as we get closer to product innovation.
Ajei S. Gopal: So as you know GE is a longtime customer of ours. I think they've been a customer of ours for 30 years or longer. And they've been – they've used essentially a lot of our portfolio. And this agreement – which is a Q1 agreement. This agreement essentially gives them access to the full breadth of our portfolio and across essentially all of the physics. Now the management review board, we do have relationships with some of the other large customers, where we have a review board, where we get together to talk about areas of mutual interest, how we can collaborate, where our technology is going, and where their product areas – where their business challenges are going. And we find frankly that's a very important opportunity for us to be able to understand what leading customers want and also to validate where our solutions are going with leading customers. So we like that. Obviously this is something that we can do with our largest customers, because it does take time and effort. And we're excited to engage in this kind of a relationship with GE. And we believe that this is – this has value across a number of the large customers.
Ajei S. Gopal: Well, I think that as I said earlier, it's obviously early days from a commercial perspective. But in the trial period we saw people using the product for all kinds of interesting use cases. Frankly, use cases that we didn't expect. And I think that was very gratifying. And so we had a lot of change – a number of changes that came in that people had suggested in terms of expansions that have all been put into our roadmap. And we realized that we need to have a more rapid development cycle. So we're going to be pushing the leases out more rapidly. So it's a number of learnings I would say around the core technology to make it easier to use and to think about the nature of the physics that we have in the product. There's also the go-to-market, because we've made this technology available obviously through our traditional channels. But we also make it available through an online download. And we've had to get all of that infrastructure up and running to be able to process orders from the e-commerce channel as well. So those are – I think those are also learnings. It's not necessarily around the product. But it's in the how we transact business. And so the e-commerce channel is live right now for both North America and for Europe. So these are all – these are the kinds of learnings that we've gleaned from our work with Discovery Live so far. But as I said, it's early days. And we're really excited about the use cases. And we expect that customer feedback will continue to influence the direction that the product goes.
Ajei S. Gopal: So as I just – I think as I just mentioned in Europe, when it comes to energy we just saw some renewable energy deals in Q4. As far as oil is concerned, in North America we're seeing land drilling is accelerating. But I think the Middle East, Russia, Latin America, are all ramping up, maybe a little bit behind North America. But we see that happening. And frankly in North America we saw some pretty decent growth. And it was fueled by some of the long-term trends that persist and are shaping investments in the industry. So obviously there's the ongoing increased demand for energy. And that's obvious. There's also safety and regulation. And that's driving the use of simulation. And that's an important driver of the use of our technologies. Also reliability and asset management. And asset management is an example where customers are evaluating digital twin technology to be able to optimize the performance of their assets in the field. And so it's really around asset performance more than asset management, per se. So those are some of the long-term trends that we're seeing here. And we see the ramping up in some of the other geos outside of North America, as I just mentioned.
Ajei S. Gopal: So I think we laid out, Gabriela, the – Rick laid out in his discussion at Investor Day strategically where we're driving the sales organization, driving our go-to market. And let me just emphasize a couple of those points, because we continue to execute against that plan that he laid out or the direction that he laid out. The first is on enterprise accounts. As I mentioned in my comments, we're seeing more and larger deals coming into the business. And that's driven by a focus on some of these larger accounts, where we can land and where we can work with our existing footprint within the account. And broaden and deepen it as we get more ingrained in usage within the accounts. And so we're increasing the number of enterprise customers or customers who are managed through our enterprise program. So that's one area. Last year as you remember, we mentioned we had hired a new leader for that group reporting into Rick. And that individual is actually headquartered in Germany. So he has a worldwide team. He's based out of Germany. He has experience, years of experience in managing large enterprise accounts. And we're increasing his portfolio if you will, the number of companies that he is responsible for around the world. So that's one area. The other area is with the channel. We believe that as we continue to grow our business, the channel is as important to – as it's ever been for us and more important. And we continue to ensure that we enable our existing channel partners, as well as recruit new channel partners. And so that is an important area as well for us moving forward. The other area that we are starting to invest in the segmentation that Rick mentioned to you is, we're taking our regional sales organizations and we're really – we're splitting them into – from a go-to-market perspective, we have a strategic account sales motion, and we have a more of a volume or momentum sales motion. And we're approaching customers, depending on how they like you to buy and how we can access them, either as a strategic customer, as a volume or momentum customer. So when you put it all together, what Rick laid out was a comprehensive go-to market strategy where we segment the customers and we approach them as is appropriate for that particular customer, for that particular geo. And that's what we're executing against this year.
Ajei S. Gopal: Ken, let me just start, and then I'll ask Maria to jump in as well. So it is generally speaking for our customers, very few customers, if any, will simply jump in with a large multimillion dollar agreement on day one with no prior relationship with us. So what always happens, so you see, walk through the life cycle of a customer. If they've never used ANSYS, they have to understand how to use the solutions, they have to understand the value; one. And that might be an initial small deal. And that might require a little bit more effort than a similar deal of that size to a well-established customer, where a deal of that size might just be a flow through, where they just want a few more licenses, because they've been using the technology for years. So there's a difference between those two. But once you've established a footprint within the customers and once you can show the value of what you do, which we can, then you can start to move in two dimensions. One is you obviously start to increase the usage within the customer, and then you cross-sell across all of the different physics and you move across multiple use cases. Now this strategy of broadening and deepening the usage of customers is facilitated when you can go in and talk about problems that are particularly challenging and relevant that customers may be dealing with today. And a great example of that is autonomous. And we're getting pulled into a number of conversations around autonomous. And when we get pulled in, these are larger conversations that are taking place and customers are trying to figure out how to make and what bets that they need to make, as they think about the evolution of their businesses. So there's no one size fits all across these go-to markets. And when we engage with the customers, we have to understand what their challenges are and what the opportunity is. And then sometimes it's very clear. If you're engaging with a customer in a particular area, you can look at how much money equivalent customers spend on simulation for example of similar size and scale and that can translate into what the opportunity is that we have ahead of us. You can look at the incumbents, if there are other incumbents, you can look at our footprint within the customer. All of that leads to our ability to evaluate what the opportunity is like at the customer. And that's what influences the resources we apply to a particular account, whether we take the account as an enterprise account, whether we take it as a strategic account, whether we work with a channel partner. So all of that segmentation is driven by that analysis. So it's a pretty sophisticated piece of work that we need to do in order to make sure that our year is set up for success, and that we're able to maintain our business model, which we're so proud of.
Ajei S. Gopal: So a lot of the growth that we're driving comes from expanding use cases, growth in the business. Because simulation continues to be a very sticky technology in the installed base. What I was highlighting is that in some cases as customers start to – as customers start to broaden the usage of our solutions, and they start to standardize, in some cases that can lead to standardization on ANSYS technologies. And customers are willing to invest. Just because of the capabilities of our product, they're willing to invest in standardizing on us and taking on the challenge of replacing simulation technology from other vendors. So for many large accounts, you'll definitely find ANSYS may have a presence. But there may be others – there certainly may be other vendors in there as well. If not – no one is uniquely single vendor. It's just the nature of companies, how they grow through acquisitions and so on and so forth and through projects. So that's the dynamic. But we see clearly significant opportunity and a significant part of our business comes from expanding usage within existing customers, as they start to think about new use cases, new projects, and getting involved. In some cases, when customers think about the use of a technology, they'll standardize on the use of a technology for a particular project. And they'll use that technology. And so that's an expansion, that's a new opportunity we'll get in to participate. It may be competitive in the sense that others are also trying to get into that same activity. But that's the beauty of our solutions and our capabilities.
Ajei S. Gopal: Thank you, Brandon. So 2017 was an outstanding year for ANSYS. We believe that the combination of our pervasive simulation strategy, our high quality team, and our focus on execution will differentiate us and will drive our successes in 2018 and beyond. I am more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead of us. I would like to close by expressing my sincere gratitude to our customers and to our partners. And to the ANSYS team, I'm so proud of what we have achieved as one ANSYS. Thank you all for your hard work and for your many successes. And thank you all for joining our call today. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you.
