Maria Shields: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings release and the related prepared remarks document have been posted on the home page of our Investor Relations website this morning. And they contain all of the key financial information and supporting data relative to Q4 and the Full-Year 2014 business results as well as our current Q1 and fiscal year 2015 outlook and our key underlying assumptions.  I'd also like to remind everyone that in addition to any risks and uncertainties that we highlight during the course of this call, important factors that may affect our future results are discussed at length in our public filings with the SEC, all of which are also available via our website. Additionally, the company's reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance as there are risks and uncertainties that could impact our business in the future. These statements are based upon our view of the business as of today, and we undertake no obligation to update any such information unless we do so in a public forum.  Finally, during the course of this call and in the prepared remarks, we will be making reference to non-GAAP financial measures. A discussion of the various items that are excluded and a full reconciliation of GAAP to comparable non-GAAP financial measures are included in this morning's earnings release materials and the related Form 8-K.  So Jim, I'll now turn it back to you. 
Maria Shields: Okay, thanks Jim. So as we outlined in this morning’s press release, we’ve initiated our outlook for Q1 with non-GAAP revenue in the range of $217 million to $225 million and non-GAAP EPS in the range of $0.74 to $0.79. With respect to fiscal year 2015 with the sole exception of updates for movements in currency since we initially provided our 2015 outlook in early November, everything else remains largely the same. Those currency updates translates to our revived outlook of non-GAAP revenue in the range of $946 million to $976 million and non-GAAP EPS of $3.40 to $3.51.  From a qualitative perspective, our Q1 guidance takes into account the currency updates that I just mentioned, as well as one particularly large customer deal that has historically included a combination of upfront perpetual revenue and the annual lease and maintenance business. Because of the structure of this year’s deal, the entire value of the transaction will be recognized ratably throughout 2015. The structural change of just this one transaction adversely affects first-quarter revenue by approximately $2 million to $3 million.  For 2015, we’re assuming no significant changes either way in the overall macro climate. We also see sales and revenue growth rates ramping up as the year progresses, particularly as the new sales capacity that Jim talked about earlier that has been brought on in Q4 and Q1 begins producing and as the recently announced channel initiatives begin to take hold. For further details around specific currency rates and other key assumptions that we factored into Q1 and fiscal 2015 outlook, please take a look at the prepared remarks that we posted on the Investor Relations home page this morning.  So with that Rocco, we’ll now open up the line to take some questions. 
Maria Shields: Absolutely, but because of our presence we’ve got natural hedges built-in to the expense base. So the reality is, I'll be honest with you. I am not an expert in betting on currency movements and so I think we will continue what we have historically done and just use the natural hedges that we’ve got in place. 
Maria Shields: Yeah, so let’s start with cash flows. We’re looking at for right now based on everything we know Jay, we’re looking at probably somewhere in the $360 million to $380 million of operating cash flows for 2015. With respect to your -- yes, in constant currency so the lease base was up about 8%. No doubt the Apache business for Q4 versus Q4, the Apache business plays a role. But we’ve also got leases throughout the rest of the portfolio and some of the strength particularly in the Electronics business unit which is complimentary to the Apache business also played a role in that growth. 
Maria Shields: No, and so -- and that's why if you look at the headline, the word solely was inserted in there. So that the only significant modification we’ve made from when we guided back at November is roughly 3% to 4% related to currency for the full year. However at the same time, you know we hadn’t guided on Q1. This deal has been in the works. And we’ve been working with this particular customer similar to we work with Cummins on a deal that makes sense for them, their usage pattern, trying to proliferate more technology across this organization.  And as a result the treatment under GAAP for this deal is going to be spread. So for 2014 or for 2015, it will be spread over the full year as opposed to in the past when we booked a deal with this particular customer that tended to be a couple of million dollars of paid-up revenue won’t be there. But we’ll take the long-term gain for you know what people might perceive as short-term pain. 
Maria Shields: Okay. So Ross just a couple of comments to add on to Jim’s point. What you’ll basically see is probably over time an uptick in the percentage of recurring revenue. And obviously in whatever quarters that we booked those deals, you will see an uptick in deferred revenue and backlog. So just like I commented relative to the Q1 outlook, there’s the potential for perhaps some slight decreases in short-term revenue growth. But these are really, really good for building our long-term relationships and our long-term growth.  And the other thing I will say is as Jim pointed out, this is kind of I would say an evolution for some of our traditional larger customers. We obviously, the TBL have been part of the Apache model since that business started and since we acquired it. But there are still some parts of the world that larger deals, perpetual is the model they preferred in places like China and India and Korea. So what we want to do is remain as we always have been flexible to the needs of our customers to enable them, to acquire the software under whatever model makes sense for them. We are not going to force them into time-based licenses if perpetual is the model they prefer. 
Maria Shields: Yeah, just you know Ross, the one thing as Jim pointed out, we would really encourage people to focus on full-year results as opposed to any given quarter. Because as these deals become larger, the quarters can become skewed. The reality is if you take a look at, at least how we calculate bookings growth and factor in the impact of FX for the full year on deferred revenue from 2014, we’ve got you know roughly 11% bookings growth. So that's what we’re really focused on is that double-digit bookings growth that we at least for 2015 envision will translate at the high end into double-digit non-GAAP revenue growth. 
James Cashman: Well the good news is that you are correct. We’ve exposure there, but keep in mind with the number of customers we’ve, we’ve exposure across every industry because we’ve access and play in every industry. And there’s no doubt that the oil prices where they are now compared to where they have been in past years, it does have a dampening effect on their spending. But the only thing I would say is that, that's one thing about the diversity of our industry base is that there’s almost always one industry that's always in kind of a temporary nadir. So that's really not to get around.  So the interesting adjunct to that though is that while there’s a dampening effect on the expenditure of engineers, the one thing we’ve found is that when that is the case, a fair amount of times companies will actually say well we can’t add more engineers, we’ve got to do more with less. And more and more simulation is one of those things that allows them to amplify the number of engineers that they do have. So you know there is you know a hedging aspect in terms of that utilization.  But there’s no doubt that the industry you know does ebb and flow on those prices. And by the way, likewise when oil prices go high, you know a lot of other alternate energies become a little bit more in vogue as the comparative tradeoffs there. So it’s really a pretty complex dynamic equation that is kind of just beyond the one. But I guess you know briefly it's not a major factor to us, but yes it is an overall environmental thing that we’ve to factor into our everyday living. 
James Cashman: Yeah, well we’re still seeing continued progress in there. And in fact even some of the -- you know some of these larger kind of engagements, we’re getting to or starting to bring in non-traditional sources along that line. And by the way that's across multiple geographies on top of it. And what it really gets down to is if you look at the complexity of what’s going in there, it used to be things were always broken into, here’s body and white and here is powertrain.  And here is, I mean now looking at some of the more system impacts of these are tending to take you know a broader role in addition to the overall kind of inexorable push toward efficiency you know in the vehicle. So I look at that and then I look at also the -- we also look at the increasing amount of [electronical] content, be it control systems, be it you know all sorts of safety systems and monitoring and things like that. And those are major things that are driving it, along with also some of the changes in materials. 
James Cashman: Well, essentially keep in mind that this is also a first step of a multi-step journey, so we’ve been continuing to do that. The key thing to focus on is we always said that A, the first thing was bringing together multiphysics. And then the second part then was okay, we’re going to develop a platform that allows these shared data inter-operate. And then we were -- and that was roughly embodied in the Workbench platform. And you can see, even though we’ve been at that for a few years, some of the things that have taken hold most recently was the customization and that is the next step.  But we always talked about the third step of that was going to be the environment for using multiphysics in a way where people didn’t have to struggle with all the nuances of the legacy applications that were pervasive throughout the industry. And AIM is really one of those first things that terms at that step of providing a user environment that basically draws the user in and allows them to take advantage of a lot of the modern advances that are going on.  And of course when you layer everything else underneath that, the next step will be how does that work into both private and public clouds and going there and there’s a lot of exciting movement on that point. So again just like Workbench was several stages going through, AIM is a very important first step, but it's a very real palpable thing for the next generation of user interaction. 
James Cashman: Well the only thing I’ll want to say primarily is that we’re not inherently getting more vertically focused because we’ve a broad base. But keep in mind, any time you acquire any kind of a relatively small company, small companies tend to focus around some area of excellence. The main thing around Reaction Design was that A, starting to move into the chemistry realm and you can think of all sorts of realm where chemistry meeting physics opens a whole new line of thing.  I mean we talked about powertrain that realizes a different set of chemistry, but you know what impact might that have on battery life and things like that sometime in the future. But it also in many cases plays very well into what was mentioned on an earlier question around the automotive, something that we even mentioned for instance around the Cummins deal and things like that, where okay now some of the performance aspects of this are very important. And while we may, we don't want to have a 1000 paper cuts of all these vertical different [apps].  These are unitary products that fit across our family, but they provide immediate value for a group of customers that then we can expand based on our scale, the breadth of our -- the breadth and depth of our sales and go-to-market strategy that maybe a smaller company might have been more limited by. So actually we can create that and frankly that's something that we’ve demonstrated with every acquisition that we’ve done, you know done so far. So you know I think the thing is that these are ways of fleshing out things and in particular getting areas of intellectual competency in areas where we might have been able to study up and build our way to them.  But if we can get masses of very talented people who are interested as we’re in continuing to build this vision, that’s a great immediate move for us, and it’s something that plays well with our customers. So I wouldn’t say that's the only thing that we’re doing as we go forward, acquisitions are still a major part. Actually I shouldn't say that, I should say the major part of what we intend to do with our capital utilization. But amongst that, that's going to be a mix of some of the additional add-ons we do, but also some of the tech tuck-ins and some of the ancillary type of technologies that we’re bringing on.  But you know virtually all the technologies we bring on ultimately have some kind of you know bearing into you know into other industries. So it's not just a niche play. 
James Cashman: Well it was -- you know without getting into specific numbers, it was a little bit above 200, you know the things we’ve talking about. And we’ve probably had the equivalent of about, you know to date probably about a 15% to 20% increase in head counts. And that's something we did very aggressively in Q4, because we wanted to be prepped up for the year. As it is, we’ve had a really good you know onboarding of some of those people. We’ve had a really good attraction kind of strategy.  And of course then it’s going to take some time for them to bring up you know to get productive throughout the year. I think we’ve talked about a 3 to 6 month kind of ramp up. And by the way, we were still hiring into the early part of Q1, because you know there is a certain amount of bandwidth for bringing these on. But we’ve already seen some of the impacts of that early hiring and certainly from a demand generation effort, you know the system is still, I mean the external system is still absorbing that ability. So in other words, we’re not getting, you know we’re not over saturated by any means. 
James Cashman: Well, there’s a whole range of things where -- I mean if you think about a lot of other applications that you use, I mean in terms of you know being able to you know to get -- you know how to pod things, videos, it will pop up like as you hover over things. So in other words, in some cases, you don’t even have to ask for things. It’s anticipating what you want, it's anticipating certain guidelines.  It allows you to set the preferences. And I think the other thing that can’t be overplayed is that you know in some cases, these initial steps where we can be operating all the physics within one window, that may seem like a pretty trivial kind of end-user enhancement or a comp-side achievement. But what you can do you know in that one window where you are not kind of like trying to you know hop between different things that are connected and talking to one another, but they still feel a little bit different.  And I think that's part of it, I think also as somebody, as people start branching into multiphysics, you might think you know historically fluids and structures even though they are both mechanical engineering disciplines. And every mechanical engineer learned in school the tools and their application historically have been so separate, you had to be an expert practitioner in there.  And because of that, the different tools kind of pose problems in different ways, spoke in different languages. And you know we want to get to that point where a person with good engineering judgment overall isn’t wrestling with the nuances of the linguistics of the program. So they can get those working together. So first of all, we solve the interactivity from the data standpoint, meaning we can solve the problems.  Now we want to bring that in where the bar gets lowered to a good engineer being able to get access to it. And that's what I meant about the multi-step journey that we’ll be on that. Just like we’re in a multi-step journey on Workbench, even though we’ve been able to harvest some nice success out of that over the last few years. 
James Cashman: Yeah again token, that's just -- that's one way of approaching a flexibility issue and things like that. But really what we looked at was -- and that's where when we engage with major customers, we get a concept of what they want to do. But what we try to do is make access to that software. We elevate it out of the individual transaction level, because they have already made a commitment to us. We’ve already made a commitment to them, and it provides that flexibility to actually bring in the things.  You know sometimes it's very difficult at the very beginning to say I'm going to need exactly this capability at this particular time. And you try to over-programatize it, but with this one we can look at the number of users, the types of jobs that they trying to do, the things that they are trying to solve from a business standpoint. And it allows you to do the things we couldn't do for our 45,000 customers on a standard price list. But when you can actually engage with somebody and get that economy, it allows us to work together.  I think also an interesting adjunct of these kind of enterprise agreements we’ve. And you saw a reference of that with an announcement we had made a year ago in terms of this is the way that sometimes we’ll actually collaborate with those customers to be prepared to jointly tackle the next generation of problems that are maybe addressed by simulation. So it's actually – it's more than just a transactional purchasing. It's really more of a holistic technology implementation trajectory that we tried to build on there.  And it’s really an invigorating one, because it’s really solved -- it’s really around how you solve new classes of problems as opposed to how do you get over a certain kind of purchase hurdle. And we’re starting to see more and more of these. That's what factors into some, you know some of things we’ve talked about the last couple of calls in terms of time-based licenses that you know it tends to maybe slightly deflate in the early period. But it builds over the long period and I think we’ve even seen that you know in these early stages.  But we just see increasing interest you know in those type of a relationship. And it really is one of those things, and I think it’s a very significant point because it shows. It basically shows if you will, getting to a certain level of maturity and jumping a hurdle in terms of the adoption simulation on a broader base. 
James Cashman: Okay, the first thing there -- it really wasn’t that there were new initiatives. But the increased bandwidth in our sales allowed us to address those more completely. And in general, if you look at that, I think a couple of things we talked about was, as opposed to having if you will more of a geography-based or a geography-skewed sales force, it's now pretty much partitioned between there is that element. But there's also a major account focus by the number of reps and that increased quite a lot because there’s more of a consolidated aspect and a focus requirement that's required to drive that forward.  To answer your question, there’s more than just -- I mean there’s typically seasonality patterns in these. However the number that I talked about is greater in terms of the number of customers of those large orders. And secondarily as I mentioned, the average value of those orders was a 14%, actually probably even a little bit above 14% increase in average order size. So I mean it’s not just the -- like clockwork here is the season that comes in and goes forward. Now with regard to, I guess the final thing was with regard to we’ve already talked quite a bit about the direct sales force expansion.  But I will say that if you recall, we also mentioned in a previous call about the things that we’re doing because the channel is still a very strong part of that. And we’ve actually put constructs in place to do that. In fact there is even some things we’re working on in terms of collaboration with them, where we can jointly do things under an ANSYS aegis. But it’s really primarily focused at driving the channel business. So those are, I mean the bottom line is those are both you know obviously going to be key parts of our go-forward strategy. And we want to make sure that our historical channel you know was actually in the same boat going in the same direction we were. 
James Cashman: Well I’ve to actually say, you know we talked in the last of couple of calls where the results were a little bit depressed. Initially, you know sometimes that happens when there’s that changing of you know changing of the guard. But I’ll say that once we got through that, once we were able to go through a broader base sales training, and introduction of what this technology means as well as customers realizing, this just wasn't kind of like a cute little third-party addition into our suite but it was a key part of what we’ve going forward, it became something.  And quite frankly the interest levels and the pipeline is actually pretty strong right now. So you know, we look towards getting back on the [glide] path or the take-off trajectory that we had envisioned for this you know, albeit maybe a few months lower. But the reception has been really strong, so I think we are headed in a really good direction on this. 
James Cashman: Well first of all, it's a small number of actually enacted ones. It's an increasing number of people who are interested in engaging along those standpoints, so definitely the trend. The one thing before I turn it over to Maria, the one thing that I said is we know that this is a definite trend. How quickly or how completely it enters the equation is still a question. It will be significant, but is it like a 100% or 30%? Either of those numbers will be very significant. We don't really know that, but there’s no doubt that the trend and all the winds are blowing in that particular direction which means of course we have had to try to make different assumptions on modeling that.  But if you recall from the very -- I mean for years we’ve been saying hey, we’ve been talking about a strong lease base, a strong license base. And basically saying that you know we really don’t care. What we’re trying to do are providing multiple opportunities and just not create acquisition, you know purchasing hurdles to adopting the technology. And so we continue to do that, but the receptivity and the interest seems to be shifting towards more of that.  And as this technology gets a little bit more pervasive, however it gets manifested in things like the cloud and large-scale networks long-term, that all could, that all could shift and affect it too. But it definitely is a trend line, but you said you wanted to turn in part of that question to Maria, so I’ll give her a swing. 
James Cashman: Well, yeah well remember when I was talking about the comparative growth, I think it was 12% North America, 9% Europe and 15% for Asia Pacific. And I think that's, you know that's not the only aspect of that. But we talked about things both at the country level at our major markets as well as the transition of the overall leadership in addition to propagating some of the best practices that we had in other parts of the world going forward. And I think as you go forward, you look at all that going forward.  And I think the other thing that's very significant is a part of that also are changes that we did. And we talked about them being leadership, structural and operational changes in Japan. And if you look at that going forward and that even involves the way that we worked with our partners. And when you look at that continuing on, you know we talked about in past years we’ve been a little bit disappointed with our number two market which was Japan. And you know they were in solid double digits.  The rest of Asia was growing, you know in the mid to upper teens kind of level. So it’s a pretty consistent you know kind of basis going forward. And when I talked about some of the investments we made in 2014 that we felt positioned us well, this is not the only one. But it is one significant one that, you know that we’re on record talking about throughout last year.  And so our prospects for that are very good. I mean again there is always going to be local economic and macro and currency, but that's part of everyday life. And no matter what it’s at, I mean you know we feel like the team we’ve got there is markedly more solid than we were say this time 12 months ago. 
James Cashman: The bottom line is we said for you, we actually again when we were talking about the investments in the last couple of calls, the services aspect was one that we specifically spoke on. And we were bringing in people that were familiar and capable of driving service as a business. And that's the key role of a couple of these major people. And also services play a major role in the enterprise deals and in general, what we view as services is not what traditionally has been service in our industry.  But they are things that are made more along implementation and adoption services going, you know going forward. So it's clearly one of those things that we’re going to continue to build going forward and it's not like it's one or two major big engagement. It's really a more of a broad-based one and it actually covers all of our geography. And it's one that will be a slow gradual buildup, but it's an important part going forward. 
James Cashman: Wow I am trying to figure out, there is a lot there. Okay, so first of all we’ve been talking about systems for a long time. I mean in the form of simulation, you know we were the ones that were kicking it off. And to us, it was always around the building, basically being able to build a complete virtual prototype. I mean not -- and this can be -- it can be the traditional zero and one-dimensional kind of approximations. But we see moving that toward three-dimensional with the help of high-performance computing.  We see that, and basically if you look at almost all successful product launches of new innovative products, it was because the system succeeded. And thereby you have to be able to balance a lot of different component interactions. So it's the ability to conceptualize in the virtual world a complete system and then actually when you’ve got something that works then it allows you to even use that to help describe what the requirements for the components are, so you can go through the traditional refinement of that.  But it's multi-dimensional, it's multi-scale, it’s multiphysics and it's really you know if you will creating that complete 3-D virtual prototype in the computer. Now what we define there, it really pushes the bounds of technology. But technology supporting us will allow us to go forward and enable those things. But that's again one of the reasons why we push multiphysics early and why we built a platform for all of these things to work together. And the last part which I -- we may need to dig into a little bit more, but that's one reason why engineering knowledge management in terms of being able to link together the multitude of all these simulations.  But also the complex configurations that might compose a system, link those into optimization runs that might say I also want to look at multiple variations and permutations of that. But that's basically in a nutshell where it all heads. 
James Cashman: Wow, I don't know what else I can say after closing. But I guess I’ll just start by thanking everybody for participating in the call and for the questions and for your continuing support or following of answers. So you know basically we are proud of what we achieved in 2014. But, and I would like to thank the entire ANSYS team for basically the fulfillment and the commitment of those results to date. But it's really only a starting point. This is a step on a long journey and a fun journey. So, but basically we believe that we’re very well positioned to continue to drive the growth in the coming year probably for two very significant reasons.  First, we’ve the increased visibility from some of those larger multi-year enterprise opportunities that are starting to build that we talked about. Secondly, as we also talked about, you know we’ve been very successful in the more aggressive approach to sales hiring that we referenced on the last call. So if you look at that, I mean those are the two specifics. But we’ve those ongoing generalities, we’ve an unparalleled product offering. We had extraordinary longevity with our customers.  We’ve an extremely high recurring revenue base and an opportunity to augment our growth through new product features and exciting technologies from some of the acquisitions. So we’ve talked about all that, so we are growing our direct sales force. We’ve a renewed focus on our indirect channel and we are committed to driving operating cash flow and continuing to generate significant shareholder returns. So basically we actually, we will talk to you on the next call. But we also look forward to seeing all of you at our upcoming Investor Day on June 2nd.  It’s going to be outside of Detroit and it's going to be held in conjunction with the Automotive Simulation World Congress. So that might be a unique opportunity for you to learn more about some of the exciting growth prospects that are available to us as well as to see you know some of the technology in action. So we hope to see you there. But thank you very much and we’ll talk to you again no later than a quarter from now. 
