Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Jay, this is Ajei. Thanks for the question. So, as you rightly point out simulation is something that we’ve always said is really critical for our customers. And obviously, we’re seeing the greater use of simulation in the market as you’ve alluded to. And the reason as you know is it comes directly from product design and the complexity that products are – customers are facing in their own products. You know, for – and as you know from your experience, simulation, when you’re building a product, the more you can simulate, the more simulations you run, the better it is in terms of the product performance, the cost, the effectiveness of that product. Customers are recognizing that, and they’re running more and more simulations. That’s a tailwind for us. You also recognize as products become more complex, it’s not just about individual physics excellence. And we certainly invest in individual physics excellence. It’s also about the integration of the technologies together to be able to create a multi-physics solution and a multi-physics capability. And that’s also been an area for investment for us. If you look at, for example, some of the recent investments we’ve made on the platform, we’ve talked a lot about clients, the APIs that we’ve made available where people can write Python applications and directly invoke our simulation capabilities. And at the same time have access to the wide variety of the Python ecosystem. So those are some examples of where we’re trying to make it much easier for our customers to take advantage of simulation, not just as the traditional tool as they may have used in the past. But as part of a broader end-to-end platform on which they can anchor their product design capabilities and of course, much more. And it’s a virtual cycle. The more they use simulation, the more they need it in the future, because with simulation, they can explore these new edge cases, boundary conditions where they couldn’t have essentially done the analysis before. Now they’re in a position to, because of this platform centric approach that we’ve taken recently towards simulation. So that’s – hopefully that gives you some perspective. We’ve talked a lot in the past about things like simulation data management, materials design, all of these are essential aspects of the broader platform that we’re in a position to support for our customers. The other broad area, as you’ve seen from what we’ve talked about in the past has been investment in supporting the hyperscalers. So supporting cloud computing, investing in supporting some of the latest hardware GPUs, scale out CPUs, all of that again makes simulation much more relevant and continues to be areas where we’re investing as we support our customers, dealing with the complexity that they’re working with. And then finally, I’ll make the point that we’ve – it’s not just about using simulation in the validation of products. We see the opportunity to take simulation more broadly and take the insight from simulation and make that available. So if you look at things like mission engineering, as an example, those are all areas where – those are areas in discovery. All of that is taking us to areas digital twin, taking us to areas where simulation opens new market opportunities for us as well. So that’s reflective in our investments, Jay and certainly we see the increased opportunity for simulation out there and our investments parallel down.
Ajei Gopal: Good morning, Tyler, thanks for the question. So as you rightly point out, the historical use of simulation has been in the product design area and there's clearly value because we’ve reduced the number of physical prototypes. That's obviously more sustainable. We can make products more efficient and so forth. I mean, that's been the historical value that we've provided. What's been happening of course, in the recent past, certainly in the last few years is the focus on sustainability. And we've seen this, as I mentioned briefly in my remarks in the script earlier, we've seen this manifest in different industries in different ways. And certainly in the automotive industry, we've seen this with electric cars, battery technology, and trying to figure out what comes after or what replaces the internal combustion engine or how – what the transition of the future of the automobile looks like. So there's been that one set of discussions. The other sets of areas where we've continued to have conversations with customers for a number of years has been on other forms of energy. So things like wind, solar, title, these are other important areas outside of the traditional hydrocarbon ecosystem. And of course, we've talked about things like lightweighting and so on for a while. These conversations have continued and they continue with more and more urgency. And certainly as you start to look at the broader discussions that are taking place right now around the geopolitical climate, the focus on energy, I think comes back and we're having these conversations with energy companies as to how they can be more efficient or how customers can be more efficient. And so, we see this as an ongoing customer requirement that continues to gain momentum and it's a long-term tailwind for us that we are able to respond to. So we are excited that we can support the industry as they think about these sustainability initiatives, frankly, across multiple industry verticals.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I mean, let me just quickly try to address that. When you think about our portfolio for high tech, we have a differentiated portfolio and once again, it's focused on the simulation aspects of that. And as I've mentioned before, as products get more complex, the need for simulation continues to grow. And so, when you're dealing with next-generation telecommunications, for example, you need very accurate simulation capabilities. That's where products like ANSYS HFSS come in. In big industry trends like electrification, the entire end-to-end electric Motor Design tool chain is absolutely essential. That's an example of an area where, as I mentioned in my remarks, we just recently announced – within the last day or so, we recently announced an acquisition of Motor Design, again helping in that end-to-end electrification tool chain. So we have been very careful to not only have – invest in our products so that they're – we feel that they're best in breed, but we've also been investing in our products to – in areas where customers are really struggling in areas like next-generation telecommunications. The other interesting thing, of course, is that there's a connection between our semiconductor offerings and our broader simulation capabilities. As customers in the semiconductor world are looking at 2.5 and 3D integrated circuits, that's when a – that's when you start to see the use of tools and technologies like the more traditional ANSYS simulation capabilities in the semiconductor domain as well. And so that crossover as well represents a long-term tailwind for us. So we feel like we are well positioned with our portfolio. We've been making the right investments and the right levels of integrations to allow our customers to solve some of the problems in the areas where they're investing, in some of the most challenging areas with these highly complex products for the future. And so, that's why we feel very good about our high tech business.
Ajei Gopal: Aerospace and defense is one of our top three verticals. And as you heard in my comments, we're seeing – we saw good performance in Q1 and we're also seeing increased activity with customers in the aerospace and defense market most recently. So these global events certainly cause conversations with customers. And then while it's too early to declare, I think it's pretty clear that these increased activity is a good indicator of longer-term tailwinds for our business from those conversations. But our business in aerospace and defense is very broad, and it's, again, based on the overall capabilities of our portfolio and what we can bring to the table.
Ajei Gopal: So, Saket, there are two important elements to our cloud strategy. The first is location independence and the second is device independence. And so, let me start with location independence, and let me take you back to that last earnings call we had, when I think in answer to a question I described how our products take advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers. And then as you alluded to in your question, I pointed to how simulation is different from the typical enterprise application in that the amount of compute that's required for simulation can be enormous. And I said a single simulation could run for hours across hundreds of cores, single user could launch multiple simulations in parallel and that's why high-performance computing, or HPC, is so important to us and our customers. And I talked about our strategy to support our customers as they use ANSYS products and take advantage of high-performance computing in the public cloud of their choice. We talked in that response about ANSYS Cloud. I talked about how that allows our customers to use our flagship products, while taking advantage of compute power in the Azure Cloud while running on the managed instance from ANSYS. And we also talked about ANSYS Gateway powered by AWS, which allows customers to pair their hardware access with AWS with their ANSYS flagship software. So in other words, last time, I talked about how our cloud strategy supports our full-featured products that supports our full-featured user interfaces for those products while providing location-independent high-performance computing for ANSYS solvers. So the recent announcement coming to your question with OnScale is really part of the next leg of our strategy, which is to allow access to ANSYS solver technology in a device independent manner through a browser. So OnScale, as you know, had created an exciting SaaS offering that coupled a simple web and intuitive web user interface to simulation with cloud-native infrastructure. And so now to your point and your question, now that OnScale is part of ANSYS, we will continue to enhance that front end, of course. And we will supplement that with back-end access to the ANSYS flagship solvers in the cloud. In other words, we will enable customer access to our industry-leading solvers through a SaaS experience through a browser interface in a device independent manner. And so this allows us to provide also in the future a SaaS option to simulation, one that might be attracted to new users in small and medium business or in areas that have not traditionally used ANSYS flagship products, so maybe even new users in existing customers. So when you add all of that together, our cloud strategy is to provide customers with device-independent and location-independent access to really the best and most comprehensive set of multiphysics simulation capabilities in the market.
Ajei Gopal: So I'm excited about the acquisition of Motor Design as I've said. We've had a successful partnership for a couple of years. They're the best-in-class solution in the market targeting the electric motor and machine market. And obviously, with the increased demand in electric vehicles, the complexity of electric motors, they bring a lot to the table. What we have is a seamless tool chain that includes Motor-CAD that connects that into other elements of our simulation portfolio. So for example, we have connections with ANSYS Discovery, with Maxwell, with Fluent with mechanical. So it's really connected to the full suite of our multiphysics capabilities. And so acquiring motor design really gives us the ability to control that product road map and drive greater levels of product integration across our portfolio. Obviously, as an independent company, they have their own objectives, but now that they're part of ANSYS, we'll be in a position to really streamline that end-to-end and support that seamless shift left in the multiphysics workflow that we have around Electric Motors. So we're excited about that. We're excited about that. And you see that – the importance of that streamlined workflow. Scheffler, for example, a customer of ours, they had coupled Motor-CAD with ANSYS OPTIS line, which gives us the optimization solutions. And now what you're seeing is a much better design to validation workflow for electric machines. And that kind of capability becomes possible when we have greater visibility into the road map, and we're in a position to be able to drive that organically out from the R&D organization. So we're excited about the acquisition. I think it's a great acquisition, and the team is very strong.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said in my comments, Walt is a long-time ANSYS executive, and he has been – I mean he has just a tremendous track record of success within ANSYS. He's been running our largest and fastest-growing region in the Americas. He's intimately involved in all aspects of our go-to-market. He's dealt with some of the largest contracts in the enterprise space. He's been involved in the go-to-market transformation. He has spearheaded some of the inside sales efforts. He knows the industry. He knows our products. So he's been intimately involved in the creation of our strategy, and I'm excited about his leadership. He was a clear choice to move our sales teams forward. We have an exceptional deep bench of talent here at ANSYS. And I'm really excited about the future.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. ANSYS has been around – we're proud of the fact that, as a company, we've been around for 50 years. And so from that extent – to that extent, we're one of the longer-tenured, if you will, software companies out there. But the reality is that the technology that we deliver and the value proposition that we deliver, which is helping our customers to be able to drive top-line growth by bringing product to market faster and achieve bottom line savings through cost savings in terms of testing and validation to reduce warranty costs, more increased efficiency, all of those are evergreen value propositions. And as I've said before, as products become more complicated and you're seeing this, every single product is getting significantly more sophisticated than products of the past, it's not just a matter of solving a particular or understanding a particular discipline like structures of fluids. It's understanding the interplay between all of these different capabilities. So you take something like a car. A car today is a very different beast than the car was – the internal combustion engine human-driven car was a number of years ago. If you think about an autonomous vehicle, for example, that's powered by an Electric Motor, it calls for different skills and capabilities. And look, we are excited that we are in a position to support our customers as they go through this journey. So the ongoing value of simulation is really there – is driven, one, by virtue of the fact that we make – the more simulation you run, the better your product. And so there is a continued demand for customers [Audio Dip] environment with new products run. And the product complexity continues to drive that. And the final point I want to make here is when you think about the use of simulation when you start to use simulation within a company, you start to rely on it more and more, and it's a virtuous cycle for ANSYS. And so there are examples of changes, where in the past, where you may not have necessarily done a detailed design if there was an incremental change, which may have led to some warranty issues or things of that nature. Today, companies who are using ANSYS are in a position to just run simulation to validate that those – what might seem less small incremental changes haven't really fundamentally made a difference. When supply chains get disrupted and you want to swap out one component for a different component, that's requires analysis and validation, and that's again what simulation can provide. So the value proposition and the use of simulation is – continues to be strong. And then, of course, areas like sustainability, electrification, autonomy, IoT, telecommunications. These are all areas where customers are spending enormous amounts of effort, energy and money trying to build next-generation capabilities, and once again, we're in a position to help them. So I'm very excited about the opportunity in the future of simulation and of ANSYS.
Ajei Gopal: I am excited about our strong start to 2022. Our strong execution and industry-leading multiphysics portfolio, combined with strong customer demand, gives me confidence as we plan for the rest of the year and beyond. I want to thank my ANSYS colleagues for their stellar execution and for their commitment, which produced these great results. Thank you, everyone, for joining the call today, and please enjoy the rest of the day.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And Jay, on your cash flow question, as you know, cash flow is more highly correlated to ACV than to revenue because of the financial model transition that we’ve been undergoing and that transition to those highly recurring subscription leases. And in terms of the operating leverage in particular, the dynamics around working capital I think that you start to see this in our 2022 guidance. You could see that the operating leverage in the business is from the operating cash flow, right? So ACV is expected to grow faster than revenue. And cash flow is expected to grow faster than ACV. And what’s driving that underlying dynamic is really kind of the acceleration of that subscription lease business and the underlying annuity that gets generated from it, which generates cash collections. And there's a slightly different revenue recognition profile behind those because that revenue recognition is 50/50.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, I mean, I think – thanks, Tyler. I think as you know, kind of our approach to guidance is kind of, is to quarter by quarter, update you on the full year. We're very focused on the full year number and take things as we see them right. And so what you saw in Q1 was that we had an incredibly strong start to the year with 11% constant currency growth that was off of a pretty exceptional 2021 with a lot of momentum building out of the back end of the year. And so while there were the dynamics that were discussed in the prepared remarks that we just shared around the elimination of Russian, Belarus and the currency headwinds underneath it, the core business momentum continues to be strong. And I think it really is emblematic of the value that we create independent of what is occurring in the macro environment. I think the sustainability example that you and Ajei just discussed, I think is a perfect example of the complexity of the problems that our customers are trying to solve. That really plays to our unique strengths. I mean, our unique strength is that we can solve problems from the component level all the way through the mission level and the more complex the problem, the more we are able to solve it in a highly differentiated way, relatively alternatives out there. And so we provide a lot of certainty and a lot of – and the ability to help our customers kind of traverse some of these more challenging product problems that they're facing. And so to me, it's just the overall strength of the business that continues to consistently deliver. And just the focus we've had on our customers throughout the pandemic, the focus that we've had on our portfolio over the past five years is really what gives us confidence in the full year view.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, currently, we are not seeing – so again, kind of to the point that I made to Tyler, our outlook is based on the kind of forecast of the business that we see today. We did not see any kind of meaningful shift in the underlying momentum or the underlying opportunity set in front of us in that space. And so our outlook does consider kind of continued business as usual. Last year, there was a pretty big resurgence back post COVID towards the back end of the year. It's kind of normalized towards more normalized purchasing behavior and business behavior in the SMB space. And so, that's essentially what we're considering on a go-forward basis, but we continue to monitor the situation. And if we were to see any changes, we would certainly update you.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And just to kind of answer your question on the growth point that you asked. So as you know, we don't give growth by industry, but in the industry disclosure, you do see that on a trailing 12-month basis, as a percentage, high-tech and A&D represent a higher amount and they continue to be our largest contributors to the business as well.
Nicole Anasenes: Given the midpoint was, what 9% in Q1 – yes. I just remember, yes, the midpoint was 9% in Q1 and coming in at 11% constant currency is quite significantly over that.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So let me comment on the revenue growth in those markets. I'll let Ajei give more commentary on the market dynamics. So the – in the quarter, so first, those two, at an actual rate basis, they're going to have the most disproportionate impact on the Japanese yen weakening against the dollar and the euro weakening against the dollar, but so there is a significant impact there. The other thing, just to note, in general, is that the revenue variability because of license mix and differences in license mix on a year-to-year comparative basis can be quite volatile. And so, when you look at a quarter, even at the ANSYS level, there could be a lot of volatility within the quarter. Once you get to the country level, the quarterly numbers are quite volatile. So, it's not – so the quarterly number is not necessarily an indicator of kind of broader dynamics that are happening in the environment.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes, you're correct. And let me kind of take you through the description of that. So as you know, we increased the ACV guidance this quarter by $35 million operationally, and that translates to about a point of constant currency growth that brings us to 11% constant currency growth at the midpoint. The basis of that increase is based on the increased organic momentum in the business. And then we've previously mentioned that – and it was in our prior guidance that we expect the inorganic contribution of Zemax to be around $20 million of ACV. And then our two recent acquisitions, OnScale and Motor Design, both of them are immaterial contributors to the top-line. OnScale is an early-stage technology acquisition with minimal revenue. And Motor Design, as discussed in the press release, Motor Design and ANSYS had a prior partnership, where we were the primary OEM of the product. So there is de minimis incremental top line benefit from the acquisition this year. So now while the initial financial contributions are not material of these two things, yes, we're really excited about the long-term impact of these investments to accelerate two really important aspects of our roadmap, as Ajei discussed, the cloud roadmap as well as the electrification roadmap, which connects to the sustainability conversation we had earlier today. So I mean that – so our guidance still reflects the $20 million of ACV contribution from Zemax, which would put us around 10% constant currency growth in ACV when you exclude Zemax from the full year outlook, which again is on the business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. The other thing, just to note, is that as it relates to operating margin and cash flow. The net of these two acquisitions actually had a negative impact on both operating margin and cash flow, but we've absorbed – we've fully absorbed the negative impact in the full year guidance that you received.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So I mean, overall, with our – in Q1, we saw constant currency growth of 8% in the end of the first quarter, which was pretty strong. We saw industrial – the industrial equipment industry, in particular, is quite strong, and we saw relatively strong demand in A&D overall. And so the impact of the overall impact of Russia in full year of $15 million on revenue was a couple of million dollars in Q1.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So our Q1 pace of hiring came in as expected, and it was at a higher rate than we did in Q1 2021. So we're planning to continue to ramp up hiring in Q2 and second half as planned.
