Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Thanks for your question, Ken. So yes, as we pointed out, as we pointed out in our guidance, we have -- we are seeing -- we're really seeing underlying strong momentum in the business. The beat to the Q2 numbers was really kind of evidence of continuing broad-based building pipeline. And as we -- now that we're in the second half of the year, we have a much clearer visibility to kind of what that second half pipeline looks like and kind of how it will land over the next couple of quarters. And while we're certainly very sensitized to the macro environment overall and what's occurring with the rest of the tech industry, our business is highly exposed to R&D. And as you recall, R&D is usually the last thing to go off and the first thing to come back on when they're tightening. And so we're just not seeing the same level of constraint that may be some other parts of the tech sector are seeing. And the outlook of our guidance really reflects the broad-based demand across industries, geographies and customer segments that we saw in Q2 and that we kind of see coming into the pipeline in the back half of the year.
Nicole Anasenes: Joe, thanks for the question. So how I would characterize the second half guidance is just much clearer visibility to where deals land. As you know, we've transitioned to a multiyear lease subscription model over the past couple of years. And so as you move into that multiyear lease model, your kind of timing of when the renewal base happens both within the quarter and across the quarters and within the years, can start to shift over time. And so I would characterize the second half as the kind of clearest visibility we have from where we're sitting today, which is quite clear once you get into the second half because your sales cycles tend to be three to six months long. So you have a little bit more clarity in terms of what the timing of those things may line up to. So I would characterize it -- I think it's maybe a little bit slightly -- it's slightly stronger from a growth rate standpoint. I think the overall skew is pretty similar to prior quarters. It might be a little bit heavier weighted into Q3 than maybe last year. But I would characterize it as kind of a reflection of the timing of the yield of the pipeline we see today with a slightly stronger Q4 growth rate as a result of the year-to-year compare.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No. I mean what -- the kind of -- the SMB customer base is reflected in kind of our geography and momentum. Momentum accounts primarily continue to be consistent in what they deliver. They're consistent with what we expected coming into the year. The second half pipeline is consistent with what we would have expected to see. And when you look again at the mix of Q3 versus Q4 ACV, I mean they're pretty close in terms of percentages. So in terms of the percentage of ACV that occurred last year versus this year, the growth rates again might be a little bit skewed.
Nicole Anasenes: Thanks, Jay. Yes. So as you pointed out, we have our investor update scheduled for next week. We're really looking forward to sharing that long-term guidance with you next week. But what I -- so I can't comment about the future. But certainly, it's not too long before we can comment on the future. So stay tuned. But yes, I mean what we have stated and what we continue to be confident in is a business model of double-digit growth, including tuck-in M&A. I think if you look at the course of this year, we have consistently delivered it in the second quarter in the half -- in our outlook for the second half of the year. We're squarely on that model, and we're really confident given the strength of demand from our customers, the success of our business model transition and our sales model transition, and just the portfolio that we have that is broader and deeper than anything else available in the market. So yes, we're looking forward to talking in more detail about those things next week.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So let me start with the broader point on kind of just some statement about quarterly revenue dynamics in general, right? So ASC 606 introduces a lot of volatility. And when you have mix differences in license compare on a year-over-year basis within a quarter, sometimes you get a lot of volatility. You get much more of it down at the geographic level. And so there's often not always consistency between the overall ACV growth in a region or in a market versus revenue growth. And that's why we kind of focused on longer-term revenue metrics and longer-term ACV metrics. But to answer your question specifically, let me start with Asia Pacific and EMEA. I mean, both had -- well, let me just start with -- as we stated in our prepared remarks, all markets -- we saw growth in all markets from an ACV standpoint, which is kind of that key metric of momentum. And from a revenue standpoint, as you point out, APAC and EMEA really did have great performance. I'd say there's a couple of dynamics going on there. In EMEA, we saw some pretty broad-based performance across all of our key industries in the high tech. We had a multiyear 8-figure sale to a European telecommunications company in aerospace and defense. We had several 7-figure contracts with customers and even in industrial equipment. Also saw strong Q2 where we signed an 8-figure deal with the German industrial machine manufacturer. So we saw strength in Europe across multiple industries. And in APAC, I mean APAC, again, is another quarter of consistently delivering growth in Asia Pacific. And it was -- the growth was particularly strong in our geography and momentum accounts. And in terms of large deals, we also saw it across multiple industries, high-tech auto. And it was really broad-based. And so to put this one into context, the management team in APAC really has been investing in deeper customer relationships and stuck with those customers through the pandemic. So that transformation of the go-to-market model and kind of aligning to the strategic road maps of your customers, and really being there for them in their time of need is really paying off in the consistent growth that we're seeing from the Asia Pacific region. Now to your question on Americas, again, as I will emphasize all regions grew, all regions grew ABB. Americas over the last 12 months has really been leading the company and delivering value for our customers. And we're expecting the region to be a strong performer in 2022 and beyond. In the second quarter, revenue did decline, but it was really expected. There was -- the growth year-to-year was impacted by a compare of Q2 '21, which had several large high-tech and automotive perpetual and multiyear lease sales. So again, the revenue dynamic in Americas was really a function of the 606 accounting and the comparability. Overall, we've just seen very consistent growth and performance across all geos.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. The tuck-in acquisitions, I think we may have talked about that in the last call. They're very small tuck-ins. The on-scale acquisitions, a technology play, it was -- we're really excited about it. It's a really complementary aspect to organic development in the space of native cloud. And so -- but that's a pretty immaterial contribution. And the Motor-CAD acquisition was actually a product that we OEM-ed. And so the net increment on the top line to that was immaterial as well. Just as a reminder, Zemax, we did give a guidance on Zemax, which is about $20 million of inorganic impact this year. And so that would be -- we see it consistent to how we've seen in prior quarters in terms of what the inorganic impact of Zemax would be. So does that answered the question.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So I can give you -- why don't I kind of give you two lenses to that. So we -- why don't we start with just kind of the overall qualitative description of what drives the kind of overall high retention rates we have. And again, when we talk about retention rates around 90%, we're talking about the renewal of the original content, not kind of the net renewal, which includes new growth on top of that, right? So it would just be the renewal of that. . And so maybe just start a little bit with kind of the kind of strategic relationship strategy around multiyear leases. So as we engage with our customers, we engage with them on what is the outlook for the product road map going forward, whether it's the mix of physics that may be required and solutions to be able to kind of work against that road map. And we signed those multiyear lease agreements with them, kind of aligned to that overall road map. Now as you know, the world changes. And it doesn't -- just because it may be a two or three-year renewal ahead doesn't mean that customers' needs don't change, they don't grow. They buy companies. The competitive dynamics change. And so we are in a constantly ongoing relationship with those clients on a year-after-year basis in kind of preparing for that renewal that comes up. And so when we think about it from kind of that renewal of the renewal base coming up at the end of the three-year license, we have already had multiple years of conversations with those customers about the road map. And we have a lot of clarity around not only kind of what is the content that they'll continue to renew, but what are the new growth areas on top of that, that will extend them into the next chapter of their multiyear agreement. And so the relationships we have -- and this was part of the strategic selling transition model that we made over time. It was initially with a small subset of enterprise customers that, over the past five years, the go-to-market teams have really translated those best practices through the broader segmentations of our customer base and even into supporting the channel and having those conversations as well. And so that is the mode of strategic selling that really it does support those -- not only those very high retention rates that we talk about went up, but also the ability to continue to grow on top of that.
Ajei Gopal: Just to amplify the point that Nicole was making, I mean, many of our customers they're certainly aware of these broader geopolitical concerns and pressures that we all see, but they continue to face competitive pressures. And they've got multiyear product road maps that they've been driving. And frankly, that's where simulation comes in. Simulation helps them to deal with some of the competitive pressures that they're dealing with. It allows them to innovate more rapidly. And at the same time, it allows them to save money and time because we can reduce reliance on physical testing, we can reduce warranty costs and so forth. And so the value proposition for simulation, which is it helps our customers both drive top line growth as well as achieve bottom line savings, that value proposition is really a compelling value proposition, and that's, I think, what we're seeing in the market.
Ajei Gopal: No. I think -- as I said in the comments, our performance was pretty consistent across the verticals as we expected to see. Certainly, the bigger verticals are high-tech and semiconductor, aerospace and defense, automotive and ground transportation, but we saw strength in other areas as well. So nothing specifically to note in terms of explicit areas of consideration or concern.
Ajei Gopal: And operationally, when you think about it, I mean the sales team manages relationships with the customers. And obviously, as Nicole said, there's a lot of timing around that in terms of when projects are kicked off in activity. So that drives the timing of some of the larger deals as well.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, as you know, I mean, we've been on this journey towards multiphysics sales quite for some time now, and we continue to execute along that direction as you pointed out. And certainly, our pipeline, especially as you consider the larger enterprise customers, our pipeline very much includes solutions that comprise of products from multiple parts of our portfolio. And so the multiphysics message is strong. It addresses what customers are looking for. We have been a pioneer in that space, and we continue to see benefit from that, and we certainly see traction from customers as we continue to support them. So absolutely, as we look ahead, we have multiphysics activity and multiple product sales into our customer base, certainly at the larger end, but it's also increasingly -- as you start to look down the pyramid, we see multiphysics capabilities penetrating into the customer base. So I think that's very important. You mentioned a couple of product lines. Obviously, we don't give quantitative breakouts by products, but I can give you some qualitative color. You asked about Minerva. I gave you, I think in the script, I mentioned some of the workflows that we've put in place in the health care area. Minerva continues to be an important aspect managing simulation data given the amount of simulation information that's being created by our customers, managing that simulation data effectively is important, and that's -- Minerva plays a role in that. Materials, I've also mentioned -- and I think I mentioned in a couple of places, certainly in the past couple of calls, materials is also important, and we certainly recognize customers as they start to go through design optimization opportunities the choice of materials is really important. Materials plays another interesting role in sustainability as well because when you consider the long-term compliance with regulations about materials that could be used, understanding the materials within our product design, something which could potentially take a number of years from design into actual implementation, really understanding what's in the product that's being built to make sure that you're compliant with the most recent regulations, that's also important. And so that's another area where materials comes in. Model basis and engineering, we continue to make progress in that area. It's really across the board where we have been able to have -- build on the strength of our ANSYS, traditional ANSYS products. We've supplemented that with acquisitions as and when appropriate, as it makes sense given our strategy. And we've continued to build the portfolio out to something that I'm very excited about and I know our customers are very excited about.
Ajei Gopal: Well, I think it's a reflection of the fact that we have a broad platform and capability that allows us to be able to address the needs of our customers. And it's really the breadth and the depth of the portfolio that gives us the credibility to have those conversations with customers. And frankly, we believe we are differentiated in the marketplace because of the breadth and the depth of our portfolio. So if you talk to customers, they'll tell you they value the accuracy of what we do, they'll tell you they value the completeness of our solutions and our offerings. They'll tell you how we continue to innovate and invest in our portfolio. And they know that when they are making an investment in ANSYS, they're not just buying the product that we have today, they know that we're continuing to make investments, and we will continue to enhance the portfolio, and we'll make things better. And we'll deal with the challenges that they're likely to face in the future as well. So I think that gives us a tailwind when we go into some of these broader conversations. It is a difficult market to do wholesale replacements for one code base to another. If a customer is using a particular simulation for a number of years, they may continue to use that same simulation code for some period of time. So it does take some planning to do whole-scale replacements. But we're seeing more of that, and we're seeing competitive wins where we're replacing customers within customers, where we are replacing competitors who have been present for some number of years, and the customers made the decision to come to ANSYS, which we feel is a better choice. And obviously, the customer has also felt it's a better choice. So we're seeing that take place as well. So the dynamic is -- is, I think, driven by the strength of the product portfolio and the investments that we're making.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. I think you'll hear some more next week at our investor update. But certainly, as Nicole was saying, this is -- we've been making investments over the last several years. And as I mentioned just earlier in this call, the strength of the product portfolio, I think, is really added to our ability to support our customers, and that obviously helps tremendously in the market. That's number one. And as you pointed out, the go-to-market has also been really important. We've gone through a process of transforming over the last several years of go to market. And we have great customer relationships. We continue to maintain those great customer relationships we have momentum. And our customers know that we support them and they know they can rely on us. And so when you start to put all of that together, it creates an environment where the value of simulation shines through, and our customers recognize that they can take advantage of ANSYS in order to achieve their own business objectives.
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, we don't provide financial breakdowns on a per product basis. But let me give you some perspective on where we are with Twin Builder and the broader concept of digital twins. So the whole idea here is that with the digital twin, you're trying to create a digital equivalent of a product. And this is something that can transition from the design phase where typically our customers build 3D models, into the operation phase, where the digital twin, which is a simplified model of that full-fledged 3D model that's used for design, where that digital twin can be used for things like predictive maintenance, can be used for determining equipment uptime, replacement schedules and things of that nature. So we've seen certainly a lot of customer interest in that space. It's still early days. What we're demonstrating to customers is that physics-based digital twins, which is essentially what we do, coupled with some understanding of statistical techniques, when you put that together, which we encapsulate into our offerings, that provides them with tremendous accuracy with respect to some of the predictive maintenance capabilities that I just mentioned. So we continue to see interest in -- with customers. We continue to see momentum in that space. It's still relatively early days. It's still a relatively small market. Many customers are excited about the fact that we can do digital twins. They will lead with that conversation. And then they'll transition to other parts of the portfolio as well. So it's a great piece of the portfolio, and we're excited about the long-term future for this product area.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So as I -- as we've always said, we think about -- when we think about the future of our industry and where we need to go, we think about the combination of organic development, partnerships and acquisitions. So it's the -- it's always build, partner, buy. And that's -- those are the considerations that we bring into the equation as we think about the future of our portfolio. And in that context, we are always looking out to see if there are M&A opportunities that are consistent with our strategy. Where we believe that we're disciplined investors, we're careful when we go into an M&A situation. We look carefully to make sure that there is the strategic value that we need. And that's how we think about the overall opportunity. And with valuations, valuations obviously have come down, and maybe that is a buying opportunity. But with quality, quality always is expensive. And so we want to make sure that we have the right technology and capability of products that we're in a position -- or companies that we're in a position to buy. Look, we're the -- you should know that we see most of the deals that are in our space, I mean -- because obviously, they get presented to us. And we are always -- when we look to that analysis, we look to make sure that we have great technology that we're bringing in. And if the technology is too far from the core, if we don't see a connection to our existing portfolio or go-to market, we pass. We've got a very rigorous process for diligence. We evaluate the core technology. We evaluate the stickiness of customer relationships. And when the technology isn't strong enough or customer relationships are superficial or we don't see strategic connections, we pass. So we're disciplined about this. But certainly, we will continue to evaluate M&A as and when it's appropriate in order to advance our strategy.
Ajei Gopal: So yes, I think you'll hear more about this next week. But very quickly -- in a previous call, I talked about how the engineering simulation software, a market that we participated in, is quite different from traditional enterprise applications. And we talked about the importance of high-performance computing to our users. And obviously, remember that a single engineer could run an ANSYS simulation that runs across hundreds of compute nodes for multiple hours. And so what we have got as part of our cloud strategy is a very -- I think, a very thoughtful approach that addresses the needs of our customers. And it's to really enable our customers, both existing and new, to be able to benefit from the insights of physics-based simulation and optimization, as well as to be able to scale out -- or to support the scale-out capabilities in the cloud. We've got two distinct classes of offerings, Cloud Marketplace and Cloud Native. We've talked at length, I think, in past calls, about some of the Cloud Marketplace offerings in -- I think, in the previous quarter and the one before that. So I'll skip that in the interest of time. But with respect to Cloud Native, that's when we're targeting new users and new use cases. And we're creating a cloud-based platform for the development and the deployment of new workflows. And our recent acquisition, as you said, of OnScale, which is the leader in cloud-based simulation, that's accelerating our ability to be able to do that. And they bring -- they brought a host of critical capabilities that will allow us to develop a new set of services. And frankly, the integration of what OnScale is doing in ANSYS is a powerful combination. So one example is OnScale's cloud-native user interface connected to our industry-leading simulation solvers in the back end. So we're excited about cloud. It's -- we have, I think, a very thoughtful and robust strategy. It's still early days. We do offer customers a variety of capabilities as they need it, when they need it. We believe that our capabilities are flexible and scalable. And frankly, we believe that we will be able to unlock a level of innovation across every industry around the world.
Ajei Gopal: I am more excited than ever by our excellent execution in the first half of the year, our expanding product leadership and our robust pipeline, and I remain confident in our ability to achieve our ambitious goals. I want to thank all my colleagues at ANSYS for their commitment, their focus and their many successes. And with that, I want to thank you for attending today's call, and I look forward to giving you more details on our long-term business and financial goals at next week's investor update, thank you.
