Nicole Anasenes: Yes. And so, Jay, to your question on the deferred revenue and backlog balance. Yes, you're correct. We closed the quarter with deferred revenue and backlog were about a 1.3 billion and that grew about 30% year-over-year. Now the strong growth came from the great momentum we've been seeing in our business and the success of the sales strategy to shift the business model to multi-year subscription leases. So to the point that you made earlier about strong multi-year performance. Now Q4 was especially strong because of the timing of some of the start dates of contracts executed in Q4. And since some -- since these contracts were signed before Q4 ended these contractual obligations are included in the deferred revenue backlog balance at the end of the year. But if you normalized for some of these contractual commitments which had later start dates, the growth would still be really strong. It would be close to the mid-teens. And so, I would say that overall really strong performance.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. So thanks Adam. We saw strong growth [Indiscernible]. So as you can calculate some prior guidance on the impact of DGI and that the same actually investigated before. In 2021, we had really stronger growth [ph].
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. That is definitely implicit in our guidance is that, as you recall in 2020 there was a more -- there was more of a trough around perpetual 2021 reflected I'd say kind of getting back to the normal level of perpetual we had. So our underlying view is that the momentum of customers is moving towards time-based licensing and that will continue over time as the business model has shifted pretty substantially towards that over the past five years. And so, our underlying assumption in 2022 is that the mix is a little bit more normalized. And as a result, ACV is growing faster than revenue as a result of that mixed compare dynamic.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, I would say, fundamentally 2021 was a really strong year. And I'd say, if you compare to where we were at the beginning of last year, we had just come off of a really significant compare dynamic around Q4 2020, right? But the underlying momentum of the business as you could see through the full year of beat and raise, definitely exceeded our expectations as we exited 2021. So going into 2022, our expectation is that guidance will -- or that performance will continue to be broad-based, it was broad-based across customer sets, geographies, industries, I mean it was pretty consistent. And so, I would say that that's the primary factor in the underlying confidence around what we consider to be a pretty strong expectation of double-digit growth of 10% at the midpoint in ACV.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. So, let me just start by saying, and I think I've mentioned this a couple time is that, we're committed to industry leading margins and the ANSYS business model is highly efficient. We have substantial operating leverage and low variable costs. Now, in our 2022 published guidance, you can see that operating leverage in the business model, When the guidance projects ACV to be stronger than revenue growth and cash flow to grow faster than ACV. And that cash flow growth is after absorbing the impact of R&E capitalization, right? Now, in terms of operating margin specifically, revenue growth headwinds from expected license mix really is the primary driver of those operating margin headwinds. And that dynamic is more about accounting in the P&L than operating leverage. The operating leverage really can be seen in those underlying dynamics between ACV and cash flow. Now, in addition, I mentioned in the prepared remarks in both cash flow and operating margin, we do have assumptions of a moderate impact of inflation on expenses. And so that is a bit of a headwind to both. But I would say primarily it's the underlying dynamic around just accounting and where revenue is this year relative to ACV.
Nicole Anasenes: Sure. Ye, I apologize. I had some technical difficulties earlier, so apologize for those who couldn't hear my answer. Yes. So, for both the fourth quarter and full year 2021, our ACV growth in constant currency was 16%. And when you back out the $86 million to $88 million associated with the combination of AGI and Zemax, You can see that's really strong organic growth both in the quarter and for the full year. Now, as we move into 2022, we're really pleased with ACV guidance of approximately 10% at constant currency at the midpoint. And again, on that business model of double digit growth including tuck-in M&A. And within 2022, we still expect Zemax to have an inorganic impact of about $20 million.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. I mean, I would say, as we go -- as we exited, went throughout 2021 and going into 2022, we saw more of a return to a more normalized collection environments past new environments. And so, the underlying momentum of the business and collections is quite strong. And in addition to that in the 2022 guidance, as I had mentioned in my earlier answer, there's significant operating leverage in the business overall around ACV. So although, operating margins overall are relatively flat, but on an -- when you compare the cash flow generation against ACV, because ACV is growing faster than revenue, you really see strong operating leverage. So it's a combination of the underlying momentum of kind of getting back to more normalized collection patterns and the underlying operating leverage in the business that has really driven the strength of the performance going into 2022.
Nicole Anasenes: Yes. No. I mean, obviously, the strength of the cash generation of the business and the balance sheet are great assets. And over the years the greatest return we've been able to provide to shareholders is the deployment of access cash using it to acquire premier simulation technologies to fill out the portfolio, to complete what's already the broadest and the deepest portfolio. And last year, some -- sometimes there's just not the right timing or there's nothing imminent to deploy that cash against, so we're not -- there's not something that's going to deliver the right return for shareholders and so in those times we do repurchase shares. Last year we repurchased about 347,000 shares for about $135 million. And so, we would expect to continue to think along those lines of how we think about capital allocation overall.
Ajei Gopal: So Jay, I think to better understand the cloud strategy, it might just take me a moment to maybe repeat or to summarize for what -- how ANSYS takes advantage of the cloud and what's important to customers. So let's consider a typical enterprise application that's not simulation. So typical enterprise application like an ERP system for example. It enables some workflows and data sharing between users and a user interaction with that application typically involves something like a database lookup and a database update. The amount of compute power that's required is small and predictable and that allows the application vendor, the SasS vendor to choose a cloud for their application based on their criteria. The application runs in the vendor's instance in that cloud and the vendor will typically charge a customer a fee to use the application based on the number of users or other metrics. Now, with simulation, simulation is very different from the traditional enterprise application in that the amount of compute required to launch simulation can be enormous. So a single simulation can run for hours across hundreds of cores. A single user can launch multiple simulations in parallel. And that can translate into a lot of compute and related costs. And that's why high performance computing or HPC at scale is so important to us and to our customers. Now, historically customers have run HPC workloads in their own data centers, so their own private clouds if you will. And simulation has been one of the more demanding workloads. Now as a cost of and the availability of HPC has come down in the public cloud, some of our customers are working directly with the hyperscale cloud vendors to migrate or augment their private clouds with HPC in the public cloud. And so, a customer might often do this in the context of a broad data center update strategy in which multiple workloads including the HPC workload are being migrated to the public cloud. And obviously different customers will pick different hyperscale public cloud providers depending on the terms and the needs and the commercial arrangements and so forth. So there are two conclusions, Jay, to draw from these facts. The first is that it's essential for us to support HPC on multiple hyperscale cloud providers. And the second is because simulation workload could be run on premises in a private cloud one day and it could be run in the public cloud the next, we have to support flexible licensing. And specifically we must allow customers to be able to purchase incremental elastic licenses to support their public cloud simulation work, as well as giving them the ability to bring and use the licenses that they may have used on premises to bring it to the cloud. So that's the essence of our strategy. And we've continued to support our customers with flexible licensing as they use ANSYS products and in the public cloud of their choice. So you mentioned a couple of -- a couple of announcements. So first let me talk about ANSYS cloud. This is a product we've had in the market for a while. And I've spoken of it before. It's built on Azure. It supports flexible licensing. It allows our customers to take advantage of scale out compute on the Azure cloud running on the ANSYS managed instance. ANSYS cloud revenues customer usage are both growing. We've seen a ForEx increase in compute usage year over year. The second product that we refer to which we announced earlier this year is in collaboration with Amazon web services. The ANSYS' gateway powered by AWS, it provides a seamless access and deployment of ANSYS products on AWS. It offers scalability and flexibility. It allows customers to maintain their existing AWS relationships by pairing their hardware access through AWS with their ANSYS software. In other words, the customers run on their own instance and not on the ANSYS instance. And so this obviously provides a path for monetization for AWS and of course for ANSYS as well. So that's the strategy, that's the context of those products and obviously, hopefully this explains what we're trying to accomplish.
Ajei Gopal: So obviously, the intent is to make sure that our customers can take advantage of the portfolio of -- the ANSYS portfolio on the public cloud. And you should expect to see ANSYS products being broadly available on the cloud.
Ajei Gopal: Well, let me let me quickly take that, Gal. So when you think about the automotive industry, obviously, it's one of our Top Three verticals, electronics and semiconductors, automotive and ground transportation, aerospace, the top three verticals. It's an area where we've historically had a lot of strength. As you rightly point out, the areas where there is a lot of customer interest right now is in both electrification and autonomy. And a few years ago I would have said that there was a significantly more interest perhaps in autonomy as a possibly than more near-term activity. But what we're seeing right now is that some of the vendors or some of the OEMs have pulled back a little bit from their expectations maybe the more aggressive timelines they had. But a lot of the work that's on autonomy is going towards ADAS improving driver safety and so forth. So there continues to be lots of investment in that space even though full autonomy might be further away. As far as electrification is concerned, as you know, it's not just about the powertrain. Obviously when you're thinking about the powertrain and the electric, the transformation from the internal combustion engine into an electric motor, that's where our high fidelity multiphysics workflows come in that allows you to design better and more thermal efficient motors and batteries and power electronic components, all of that is part of the electrified powertrain. But in addition there is a change. It's not just about changing the internal combustion engine to an electric motor. This is an opportunity to rethink and redesign the car. And so that means, there's more analysis, for example, for safety and understanding what failure modes look like. More analysis on a noise and vibration and understanding what the ambience within the or the ambient experience in the car cabin is going to look like, on crash analysis and impact analysis. So there's a number of different areas, all of which where we have -- all of which we have strength in, which companies are pursuing in their pursuit of electrification. So we're very excited about the work that's taking place. And we see this as being an ongoing long-term tailwind for us in that particular vertical.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. So, when you think about our involvement with semiconductor companies and as I mentioned this, obviously, the companies have been historically doing semis as well as some of the system companies that are doing semis. There's obviously been a lot more activity in that space. What we are able to bring to bear is the entirety of the portfolio. And I mentioned some of this during my script. Look when you think about 3D ICs for example, that's really where you can scale performance and functionality across multiple dyes in a single package. And that requires an integrated multiphysics approach. And that includes simulating for example, the structures, the optics, the photonics electromagnetics, all of those are outside of the traditional RedHawk product line, right? So it's HFSS and others. So, when you think about these complex designs. And then certainly when you move beyond the chip itself and you think about chip package system for electronics, it really brings in -- brings to bear the entirety of a portfolio. So, and I gave you an example also in the script of a company that's using some of our safety analysis providing automotive -- providing semiconductors for the automotive industry and how our safety analysis work, which might seem counterintuitive or unintuitive. The safety analysis work is relevant at the semiconductor level all the way up to the larger automotive level. So those are examples of how our portfolio is being used. But we feel like we have a lot to offer our customers, because of the multiphysics investments that we've made over the years and the strength of the portfolio.
Ajei Gopal: Yes. Look, I think for the shortage of semiconductors, obviously, there's a challenge in terms of being able to get semiconductors to where they need to be used and we're seeing this across multiple industries, that hasn't fundamentally affected the design activity. And that's really where we come in. We work with our customers on the design as opposed to the manufacturing of their products. And obviously, part of what we're doing with respect to the certifications with the foundries is to make sure that we are in a position to support them with our technologies as they go into to the foundry. But those are examples of us proactively working to make sure that the industry is able to move forward. But look it's -- we're not tied to manufacturing. We tied to design. And that's really primarily -- that's across all of our product lines. And so, even if a semiconductor shortage causes a shortage for example or some delay on an assembly line in a automotive company, again it doesn't affect the design work that we're involved with in the automotive company. So that's I think the strength of the ANSYS business and that gives us confidence in the way we think about our business going forward.
Ajei Gopal: Well, as I said in my script, if you look back in 2020 to 2021 and certainly Q4 as well. In 2021, we saw strength across all major industries, across all major geographies, across all of our major go-to-market routes. And we saw growth in both direct as well as indirect. We saw growth -- if you look at the pyramid with enterprise customers at the tippy top and the volume accounts at the bottom of the pyramid, we saw growth across the customer segments. And the regions contributed there, they all grew double digits from ACV perspective last year. And the product lines kind of grew as expected. So I feel very good about all of that. That just should go goes to show that the business is performing across multiple dimensions in a way that you would want to have happen. And so, part of our plan going forward is to continue to be able to build on that momentum into 2022.
Ajei Gopal: Well, it's like, if you go back to the years that I've been with ANSYS. So if you go back five six years ago, obviously, the use of public cloud for HPC was much lower than it is today. And today the hyperscalers or the hyperscale public cloud providers have invested in building out HPC infrastructures. And they're all working with their customer bases. And as I think about our own customers, some of our customers are working with hyperscalers to figure out what their long-term data center strategy is going to look like. Do they continue to invest in their own data centers? Or they do take advantage of the public cloud -- some combination of the two where you have a hybrid structure where some stuff is running on-prem and you use the cloud as a burst capacity or for peak load periods or things of that nature. So, those are conversations that are ongoing. I think everyone realizes that there's now investment in the public cloud to support high performance computing and their high performance computing nodes. And so that's obviously a possibility that's available to our customers. From our perspective, one of the watch we're experience has always been flexibility to support and meet our customers where they want. And so, we are in a position to support our customers if they want to take advantage of our ANSYS cloud product, we can take it -- we can support them. And we can make it very easy for them to take advantage of the public cloud. If they want to run completely on premises, we can support that, and they can continue to do that. If they want to run on another public cloud, we can support that. So we -- if they want to run on Amazon, we are in a position to support that. In Azure, we're in a position to support that. So it's really -- it really is a flexible structure that we have in place. And I believe that this is exactly what customers are looking for that choice and flexibility on something as important to them as where they're computing and the cost of the compute that they're driving.
Ajei Gopal: Thanks, Kelsey. Once again, I am excited by the excellent progress that ANSYS has made in 2021. I would like to thank the one ANSYS team around the world for our ongoing success. Your work along with our broad-based business momentum and our strong customer relationships give us greater confidence for our prospects in 2022 and beyond. Thank you all for joining today's call. Have a great day.
