James E. Cashman: Will good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Actually, today, we're going to be discussing 2014 first quarter financial results. So a little bit of bookkeeping first, consistent with our standard protocol, just be aware that all of the general information and key topics relative to Q1's business performance, and our updated 2014 outlook are included within this morning's earnings release and in the prepared remarks document that we posted on the homepage of our Investor Relations website this morning. So with that, and no further ado, I'll introduced Maria Shields, our CFO for our Safe Harbor statement. So Maria.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, for the fiscal year, it was probably slightly in excess of $10 million. I mean, no surprise, and we talked in previous quarters about Russia being -- relatively being one of those higher growing areas. And it was probably approximately in that $3 million kind of range for Q1, and then the rest of it of course spread out over the remainder of the year. And the bottom line is, we still have a high regard for the long-term aspects of that business, and we've heard nothing about the things sort of -- but there's a lot of saber-rattling. There is talk about export license kind of concerns, there are things like that. And we want the fact there that in the overall business operation. And basically, when it comes in, we can cut the keys and get into the customer.
James E. Cashman: Well, no. There has been some shift. Like we mentioned, there was an increase, particularly in the EBU, in our electronics business unit, and some of that could be a crossover thing of some of the cross-selling that we have between that. But again, we had relative performance of historical paid-up to lease ratios in our other main line businesses. It was more resilient, in the lease. And like I said, we want to -- there can be a couple of things at play here. There can either be some trends in the buying sentiment, as people get more comfortable with time-based licenses and subscription model. But if you recall, from other time frames of uncertainty, there were times where we would have short-term dislocations of lease. At the end of the day, we're both happy that customers are still coming on board in the purchase mechanism the fact that our recurring revenue percent went up, that our deferred balances are going up, some things like that. Those are all positives. But we do see some of those. But it was enough of a relative perturbation that we figured we'd call that out.
James E. Cashman: Well, keep in mind, in terms of just the energy and new mindset coming in, and energy, that's probably one of the key things. But keep in mind, even once you to that, it takes a certain amount of time to create and develop code and get that in place. I think you'll start to see some of that coming out even in the upcoming releases that I mentioned. I mean, we've not formally announced the date, but we've got we've got our 15.1 and 16 releases coming up soon. Some also, some further ones from Apache in terms of RedHawk releases, and things like that. So I think this is really a thing where you see initial energy and enthusiasm and now it's -- now the function is really on the ongoing delivery of that. So nothing too surprising. But also not too surprising are some different perspectives of the computing industry and delivery models and things like that are particularly key. And I think also the different perspectives, not just from an IT standpoint but from some of the user paradigm, things that we want to do but -- where it's not going a change appreciably, but it's just going to get better due to that different mindset. Those are the key things we look at. All in all it's a positive.
James E. Cashman: Well, the latest thoughts are the same as the oldest thoughts. And if you think about it, about 15 years ago, we had a patent technology which was really aimed at coming with very easy-to-use software for those historians in the crowd that was called DesignSpace. And we were trying to capture those elements of how you get that extreme ease-of-use. Even though at that time, we were heavily constrained by limitations in the computing infrastructure that would facilitate that. Now if you look going forward, you've heard an awful lot of talk about the Workbench architecture and some of the things in terms of our user experience that, over the last 2 or 3 years, has been a focus item for us. So we're starting to move into that. I would also accentuate the fact that, that was one of driving factors in terms of the acquisition of SpaceClaim, because they had a very modern kind of interaction, not only a user interface style, but way of interacting with geometry. And we wanted geometry to be able to move, if you will, at the speed of consensual thought, because a simulation-driven product development, you want to continuing look at many of many factors and use that, and get the product totally right before you even go into a detailed design phase. And this is one aspect that actually brought that into us. So but the third leg of this, which is one that we've also talked about extensively, is there is one element of making the tools available to -- comprehensible and usable by new cadres of less-sophisticated users from a simulation standpoint. But there's another -- one of the driving factors is, before, mainline companies will unleash all this capability and change their processes around it. They have to be able come up with something that says, "I'm comfortable by adding this in here. I'm not going to disrupt my age-old legacies of being able to get reliable brand-leading products out there." So we also want to make sure, we also have to work with helping customers bridge that. But obviously, if you can't get to that first step of making it embraceable by the new class of users, you're not going to get much of a push to move that in there. So this is something that's been identified for a long time. We've been working on mainline for a number of years now, and we're looking at different kind of technologies that can actually, as I mentioned, accelerate. That's what I meant by accelerating the division of simulation-driven product development and the democratization aspect. Is actually being able to get this in a place where we can reach those users. And do it in a totally immersive passion, not just by providing lesser capabilities that have less options and are dumbed down, because these aren't -- the less-sophisticated users aren't solving less-sophisticated problem. They're still making major commitments to things that have to be successful product launches.
James E. Cashman: Yes, well, the key thing is the geometry has always been a factor in there, and we've linked with a lot of other geometry systems, most notably the ones that, for instance, came from Kansas. We're not becoming a CAD company, we're a simulation company. But that ability to have something that we can organically blend in and go through rapid iterations and allow people, and in some cases, allow the simulation to actually drive the geometry. You remember the Investor Day, we talked adjoint solvers where are actually say, "What do I want the results to be? And therefore, tell me what the geometry should be." Kind of inverting that overall processes is a very key aspect. And clearly, the SpaceClaim product and direct modeling in general, allows a more intuitive way of being able to interact with that and it links in more naturally with the concept portion. But it also was done at a time without any legacy baggage work and look at all the modalities of construction kind of techniques and interaction techniques and the way that works with computing infrastructures and we could leverage off of that.
James E. Cashman: Okay. Look, the key thing is we want to actually maintain that. Remember, I talked about 3 things that were pretty -- that were exciting about us. So you'll -- maintaining some of those pushes into the -- some of those peripheral kind of areas are still very much of interest to those, because even those people, even if they're not going to be doing simulations, resulting benefiting from the benefit of simulation, is particularly key. And there are, at the low-end, they literally have tens of thousands of seats, but they are at the low end. Additionally though, we want to take -- the same thing that made that accessible to a much broader range of people, if we can apply that same kind of attractive inclusion element, and bring that in to our traditional simulation base, we feel that we can knock down yet another set of barriers that sometimes might have impeded people from taking those first steps.
James E. Cashman: Well, I think they've all been growing. Like I said, you would notice that there had been, we mentioned, there had been some -- a little bit a shift in Q1 or a relative stronger element of the lease aspects. If you look at Apache, Apache actually is -- performed, been performing ahead of projections and growing well. So there really aren't too many surprises. I would mention that the high-performance computing continues to be one thing that tends to keep people pretty interested, particularly when sometimes their resource constrained and want to get that through. But those are the major ones. Now the other thing is, you might -- the one place where our traditional mechanical and fluids, in particular sales got disproportionately hit was most of the Russia impact is really in those mainline flagship products. So you'd see -- we'd see a little bit of a ding there, but that was really the only thing that kind of -- that was really the main thing that stood out as being anything even quasi-anomalous.
James E. Cashman: Yes. Well, if first of all, if we were comparing only new customers to new customers, it would be a certain linearity to booking rates. when you're talking about add-on, the impact of HPC to already validated customers that are starting long-term rollouts facet, that's a particular -- that's really not too much of an issue. First, first question help me on the...
James E. Cashman: And yes, to a much smaller degree, the mix shift affected that, also, likewise. And then even then, if you look at the bookings, keep in mind there's there is a phenomenon, if we look at the Apache side, where you got -- last year, we had a number of customers that they settled around the multiyear time-based license where you get that commitment and booking early on. So even though the revenue continues to project up, you may say, "Oh, looks like the bookings might have even slowed down." Last year we had a phenomenon of several multiyear deals being booked out of the Apache multi-year, time-based license model. So therefore, if you were even comparing those, you might get a little bit of perturbation. But that's really the difference between single year and multiyear kind of things.
James E. Cashman: Well, in general, pipeline trending is slightly up, even with the impact of the -- even accounting for the fact of the Russia stuff being now kind of clogged in the pipes, so we really don't count that as a -- we don't count that. And with regard to booking, probably a little bit advance of the actual revenue, probably expect double-digit booking growth for the year as we continued on. And keep in mind, that's even factoring in, if you will, the slight minus impact of some of the Apache business already being booked a year in advance as of last year. So actually even a little bit better when you look at that perspective.
James E. Cashman: First, you said direct is the quarter, actually indirect is the quarter, I think that's what you meant. If you look at -- first of all, there's always spot things. In trickier economies, the channel tends to feel it a little bit more. The more stable it is, the more they pace along with us. And of course, if you look at it, yes, we last year or so, a little bit more than a year ago, we opened up our own direct kind of opportunity in Russia. But we still are serviced by channel partners there. So there was a disproportionate ding on the indirect side from the Russia business. And yes, there are always elements of the business that are -- that will change by region and different cycles, but nothing too much out of the ordinary.
James E. Cashman: I'm sure the macro is going to help a lot of things, but I also have no doubt that the -- that some of the investments and the leadership enhancements that we made in that area, definitely were contributory to the aforementioned pretty good response from Asia. With regard to the other search, hey, it's going on plan. And it's going well and we have -- we've got several good finalists that both bring a nice base of both scale and experience.
James E. Cashman: Okay. So basically, in close, the -- let's see. The emphasis for Q2 and the remainder of 2014 will be continued growth, customer development, improved -- really improved execution across all parts of our business. No doubt, there's still a tremendous amount of long-term optimism driven by -- we've demonstrated several statistics here that kind of highlight the positive customer receptivity to our vision. But also the business model has been pretty resilient. If you look at the results, even with a major impact of something like Russia, so -- but that shouldn't be a surprise to anybody that's followed us through all the up and down periods of the last 10, 15, 20 years. But a lot of that is because we got really loyal customers that are adding that big growing base, our partners have been great with us for a long time. I think our technology speaks for itself and, as we mentioned on this call, with so many additions we've made there, it gets even better. And of course, even with our own adds, but also being able to add folks like from the Reaction Design and SpaceClaim team that, that team of employees really is at the heart of making all this happen is key. So -- but you know, over the short term, in this environment, we're balancing this with short-term caution, around some of the specific conditions that we mentioned even on this call. And those are the things that are largely outside of our direct control but we can manage and sail through those. So with that, I thank everybody for your time, and we'll see you next quarter.
